


ANNUAL 

REPORT

2020



BUILDING GLOBAL SCALE AND SUCCESS




/  ST ENGINEERING

00

We draw on our strengths in technology and engineering to solve 

real-world problems and enable a more sustainable world. 

ST Engineering is a global technology, defence 

and engineering group with a diverse portfolio of 

businesses across the aerospace, smart city, defence 

and public security segments. 

Driven by technology and innovation, we create 

people-centric, multi-disciplinary, smart engineering 

solutions for our customers in the defence, 

government and commercial segments.

In 2018, we put in place a set of goals to help 

us achieve our aspiration of becoming a global 

technology, defence and engineering powerhouse.

Two years on, we remain focused on executing our 

strategy of strengthening our core businesses, as well 

as pursuing growth in smart city and international 

defence business. We continue to invest our resources 

to strengthen our key assets and capabilities: our 

people and culture; our global marketing and 

customer network; our cutting-edge technologies 

and many innovations; and our financial strengths.

GROUP 

OVERVIEW




01

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /



Our responses to COVID-19

People and businesses around the world have 

been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our 

offices around the world continue to closely follow 

guidance from local health authorities, and we are 

constantly monitoring the evolving situation as we 

stand ready to adapt our efforts and responses. 

Safeguarding the well-being of our employees, 

customers, suppliers and stakeholders is our top 

priority, and we will always place the health, safety and 

security of people first. These include implementing 

workplace practices like telecommuting, split team 

and staggered work and break hours, as well as other 

aspects of safe management such as safe distancing, 

enhanced work place disinfection and cleaning, and 

wearing of mask.

At the height of the virus outbreak in 2020, we 

pivoted from our usual work to swiftly deploy 

solutions, and provided technical and engineering 

expertise to support the global fight against 

COVID-19, with many of our solutions fielded in the 

community to help tackle pandemic challenges.

These efforts are great demonstrations of how we 

continue to apply technology and innovation to  

solve real-world problems to improve lives. 

We also did our part to help our communities 

cope with the pandemic. In addition to monetary 

contributions through internal fundraising exercises, 

we donated surgical masks and hand sanitisers to 

those in need when these essential items were in 

acute shortage.

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the way we 

live, learn, work and play. In this new normal, we 

continue to be socially responsible by doing our part 

to mitigate spread of the virus. 

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

02 Financial Highlights

04  Letter to Shareholders

14 Board of Directors

20 Directors Seeking Re-election 

23 Corporate Information

24 Group Executive Committee

26 Q&amp;A with Group Executive 

Committee

34 Technology and Innovation

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

38 Operating Review &amp; Outlook

38 Aerospace

44 Electronics

50 Land Systems

56 Marine

62  Financial Review

72 Awards

SUSTAINABILITY

74 Board Statement

78 Environment

86 Social

102 Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

104 Corporate Governance

FINANCIAL REPORT

127 Directors’ Statement

139 Independent Auditors’ Report

148 Consolidated Income 

Statement

149 Consolidated Statement of 

Comprehensive Income

150 Consolidated Balance Sheet

152 Consolidated Statement of 

Changes in Equity

156 Consolidated Statement of 

Cash Flows

158 Notes to the Financial Statements

281 Balance Sheet of the Company

282 Notes to the Balance Sheet of the 

Company

286 Sectoral Financial Review

302 Shareholding Statistics

304 SGX Listing Rules Requirement

Note: Some photos used in this Annual Report were taken before 

COVID-19, when masks and social distancing were not required.

ngineering_Editorials-Edit.indd   1

ngineering_Editorials-Edit.indd   1

16/3/21   2:01 PM

16/3/21   2:01 PM


/  ST ENGINEERING

02



FINANCIAL

HIGHLIGHTS

/  ST ENGINEERING

02

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS RETURN

0.9%

2019    16.9%

2019    $590m

OPERATING CASH FLOW

$1,533m

2019    18.53¢

EARNINGS PER SHARE

16.74¢

2019    $15.3b

ORDER BOOK

$15.4b

2019    $317.0m

EVA

$286.4m

2019    26.0%

RETURN ON EQUITY

22.8%

2019    15.0¢

DIVIDEND PER SHARE

15.0¢

REVENUE BY TYPE ($b)

6

5

4

3

2

1

0

4.6

2.1

2.3

2.6

4.6

5.6

2018

2019

2020

Commercial

2018

2019

2020

Defence

REVENUE BY LOCATION OF CUSTOMERS (%)

Asia

U.S.

Others

Europe



FY2020

53

24

17

6


03

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

NET PROFIT ($m)

10%

$521.8m

(4.7)

192.9

203.9

101.4

28.3

2020

(3.1)

268.9

183.3

77.3

51.5

$577.9m

2019

REVENUE ($m)

$7.2b

9%

2,713

2,287

1,411

710

37

2020

3,450

2,337

1,428

647

6

$7.9b

2019

PROFIT BEFORE TAX ($m)

23%

$534.4m

202.5

(27.3)

229.4

113.0

16.8

2020

$695.2m

332.8

(3.3)

216.3

88.6

60.8

2019

Aerospace 



Electronics Land Systems Marine   Others




/  ST ENGINEERING

04

LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

T

his past year has been challenging for the world, 

as the COVID-19 pandemic brought about 

unprecedented impact on global economies, 

supply chains, community health and livelihoods. At 

the time of writing, over 110 million people have been 

infected and the global death toll stood at about 2.6 

million. On the bright side, more than 100 countries 

have begun their vaccination campaigns. 

In response to the pandemic outbreak in early 2020, 

we took immediate steps in our workplaces to keep 

our employees and contractors safe. We implemented 

a slew of measures including telecommuting and 

split teams, and put in enhanced health and safety 

protocols. At the same time, we worked hard to keep 

our commitments to our customers as best as we 

could under the circumstances. 

To mitigate the impact of the economic slowdown, 

we focused on increasing operational efficiencies 

and implementing cost reduction measures, which 

included deferring discretionary capital expenditure 

(capex) and tightening operating expenditure.

Pandemic impact mitigated by business  

portfolio diversity

The COVID-19 pandemic impacted each of the 

Group’s four business sectors differently.

In the Aerospace sector, the aviation industry was 

badly affected as travel restrictions were imposed 

around the world. Consequently, demand for aircraft 

maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services 

dipped and engine nacelle manufacturing volume 

dropped. The silver lining was our passenger-to-

freighter (PTF) conversion business. The grounding 

of passenger aircraft meant that their bellyhold 

cargo capacity was largely removed, while a spike in 

e-commerce created strong demand for all-cargo 

freighters. These factors, coupled with the availability 

of older passenger aircraft (many of which had been 

retired), meant that our PTF business received many 

enquiries as well as new orders. 

At the Electronics sector, our Satellite Communications 

business in the aviation and maritime segments 

were similarly hit by COVID-19 as passenger aircraft 

and cruise ships ground to a halt, resulting in lower 

demand for our solutions. Nevertheless, having 

fully integrated our acquired businesses in Europe 

and the U.S., we added the defence, broadcast and 

enterprise broadband segments, which are more 

resilient, to our customer base and this diversity helped 

to mitigate the slowdown. The enlarged Satellite 

Communications group was also better positioned 

to capture opportunities emerging from new non-

geosynchronous orbit satellite constellations including 

Low Earth Orbit (LEO) and Medium Earth Orbit (MEO) 

satellites. The pace of digitalisation hastened by the 

pandemic also led to higher demand for other business 

areas such as cybersecurity and secured digital 

solutions.

(L) 

Kwa Chong Seng

Chairman

Non-Executive Independent Director

(R) 

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

Group President &amp; CEO

Executive Director




05

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

In contrast to the impact on our commercial business, 

our defence business provided much needed stability. 

Our Land Systems sector rolled out the production 

of the Hunter Armoured Fighting Vehicles, while our 

Marine business in the U.S. commenced design work 

on the Polar Security Cutter vessel.  Meanwhile, our 

Singapore yard was focused on building Fast Patrol 

Boats for the Singapore Police Coast Guard.

The diversity of our business portfolio has enabled 

us to weather the pandemic better than it would 

have been possible otherwise. In addition, savings 

derived from our cost reduction initiatives as well 

as government support we received from various 

countries helped to keep the Group’s financial results 

on an even keel.

2020 financial results in line with updates 

For financial year 2020, the Group reported revenue 

of $7.2b, which was a 9% drop compared to the year 

before. This was in line with the guidance that we 

had provided in our quarterly updates. At $534.4m, 

profit before tax (PBT) was 23% lower year-on-year 

(y-o-y) because of the impairment of intangible assets, 

and also losses recorded in several U.S. shipbuilding 

projects. The PBT drop was also impacted by lower 

Group revenue, though this was buffered by savings 

from our cost reduction initiatives and government 

support. Profit attributable to shareholders (Net Profit) 

was 10% lower y-o-y at $521.8m. The drop was 

alleviated by non-taxability of a wage support scheme 

termed Job Support Scheme provided by Singapore 

government. 

At the business sector level, the Aerospace sector 

delivered $2.7b in revenue, down 21% y-o-y while Net 

Profit was $192.9m, a 28% drop compared to the same 

period last year. This was mainly due to lower volume 

of MRO activities, asset impairments and absence of a 

favourable impact from end-of-programme reviews. 

The decline was offset by savings from cost reduction 

measures and government support. Excluding 

government support, the Aerospace sector would 

remain profitable in FY2020. 

The Electronics sector posted revenue of $2.3b, down 

2% y-o-y mainly due to the rescheduling of projects 

affected by COVID-19. However, Net Profit grew 11% 

y-o-y to $203.9m, largely helped by savings from cost 

reduction measures and government support.  

The Land Systems sector’s revenue at $1.4b came in 

1% lower than the year before, due to lower specialty 

vehicles sales partially offset by stronger defence sales. 

Net Profit was 31% higher y-o-y at $101.4m, helped by 

savings from cost reduction measures and government 

support, though this was partially offset by asset 

impairments.  

Revenue for the Marine sector was 10% higher y-o-y  

at $710m. This was driven mainly by higher 

contribution from U.S. Shipbuilding, which offset the 

decline in business from Singapore as yard activities 

were disrupted by COVID-19. However, Net Profit 

dropped 45% y-o-y to $28.3m because U.S. operations 

incurred losses in the construction of some vessels 

that were contracted and priced low at the trough of 

the marine industry in 2018. The sector also incurred 

higher operating costs due to COVID-19 disruptions  

on operations and workforce.  

Overall, the Aerospace sector contributed 38% to 

Group revenue, followed by the Electronics sector at 

32%, Land Systems sector at 19% and Marine sector 

at 10%. About 53% of Group revenue was derived 

from customers in Asia, compared to 24% and 17% 

from customers in the U.S. and Europe respectively. 

Commercial and defence sales accounted for $4.6b 

and $2.6b respectively to Group revenue, with the latter 

providing revenue stability to the Group as it registered 

growth amid the COVID-19 pandemic. We announced 

about $5.7b worth of new orders in 2020. Together with 

other unannounced contracts  and after accounting 

for revenue delivery adjustments and COVID-19 related 

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

"We ended the year with an order 

book $15.4b, slightly higher than 

the 2019 year-end order book 

despite the challenges we faced  

in 2020."

M Y C K

ngineering_Editorials-ok.indd   5

ngineering_Editorials-ok.indd   5

17/3/21   10:04 AM

17/3/21   10:04 AM


project cancellations of about $1b, we ended the year 

with an order book of $15.4b. This was slightly higher 

than 2019 year-end order book despite the challenges 

we faced in 2020. The expected delivery of $5.3b from 

the order book in 2021 continues to provide a healthy 

revenue pipeline.

Capex in 2020 was $196m, about 30% lower than the 

year before, as we reduced some discretionary capex. 

Nevertheless, we continue to invest in new growth areas 

like cybersecurity, data analytics and cloud computing so 

that we can be ready for the upturn and emerge stronger.

Our balance sheet remains very strong. We have access 

to diverse funding sources including a U.S. Commercial 

Paper programme and a Medium-Term Notes 

programme to support the Group’s activities and growth. 

It is noteworthy to mention that the Group managed 

to secure the lowest bond coupon/yield achieved 

for a 5-year U.S. dollar bond issuance by a Singapore 

corporate amidst the COVID-19 credit crunch in 2020, 

and received reaffirmation on our AAA credit rating from 

Standard &amp; Poor's and Moody’s after our debt issuance.

We ended the year with $729m in cash and cash 

equivalents, compared to $452m at the end of 2019. 

In view of these results, the Board of Directors has 

recommended a final dividend of 10 cents per share for 

this financial year. Together with the interim dividend 

of 5 cents per share paid out in September 2020, the 

total dividend for 2020 will be 15 cents per share. This 

represents a dividend yield of 3.9%1 .

 

Our ability to weather a difficult 2020 and pivot to 

the demands of the new normal driven by COVID-19 

demonstrates the Group’s strong fundamentals and 

various mitigating factors, including our cost reduction 

initiatives and government support. Our results 

underscore the resilience of our diversified business 

across industries and geographies, the dedication of our 

people, our strengths in technology and innovation, and 

the breadth and depth of our engineering capabilities.

 

The detailed business developments and updates of our 

business sectors in 2020 are covered in the Operating 

Review and Outlook section on pages 38 to 61.

Looking ahead, we feel that there are grounds 

for optimism. Thanks to the biggest and fastest 

vaccination campaign in history, we see a future  

where the impact of COVID-19 can be significantly 

blunted. This holds out the possibility of the economy 

bouncing back.  

That said, there will be lower level of government 

support in 2021. However, with partial revenue 

recovery and savings generated by our cost reduction 

initiatives, we are confident of offsetting the impact of 

lower government support.

Reorganising for growth

While we might have spent much of 2020 wrestling  

with the immediate challenges posed by COVID-19,  

we did not lose sight of the bigger, long term picture.  

In November, we announced a major reorganisation of 

the Group. Since 1 January 2021, we have reorganised 

into two major clusters: Commercial as well as Defence 

&amp; Public Security. This setup replaced the sector-centric 

structure of Aerospace, Electronics, Land Systems  

and Marine.

Despite the pandemic, we decided to proceed with 

the redesign of the Group’s organisation structure so 

that we can be better positioned for growth when the 

economy recovers. We are fortunate to have a team of 

highly committed employees and resources to overcome 

both the immediate challenges posed by COVID-19, 

and in tandem, reorganise the Group to seize future 

opportunities. 

 

Three key principles guided the redesign. The first is 

our aim to be a key participant on the global stage. The 

new organisation structure will help us achieve global 

scale and success. Secondly, we wanted to sharpen our 

customer focus, to enable us to build deeper and more 

strategic engagements with our customers. Finally, we 

wanted to deepen our engineering and technology core, 

and improve the ways in which we develop, empower 

and deploy our engineers. 

 

To deliver on our strategic priorities, we also created 

a new leadership structure. The Group Executive 

Committee, comprising the Group President &amp; Chief 

LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

/  ST ENGINEERING

06

1  Dividend yield is based on $3.88, the average closing share 

price of the last trading days of 2019 and 2020.


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

The Defence &amp; Public Security cluster integrates the 

Group’s defence capabilities into one single cluster to 

drive stronger customer-centricity as it is better aligned 

to the integrated approach that defence customers 

are increasingly adopting for technology development 

and deployment. The cluster comprises the following 

Defence Business Areas: Digital Systems and Cyber, Land 

Systems, Marine and Defence Aerospace, that provide 

holistic solutions across air, land, and sea to meet our 

defence customers' needs. The Public Security part of 

the cluster, which was previously part of the Electronics 

sector, will continue to offer the Group’s integrated 

safety and security solutions to public agencies around 

the world to manage intrusions, critical infrastructure, 

airspace and ports, among others.  

 

The Defence &amp; Public Security cluster today has a 

substantial overseas presence and the new organisation 

setup will help us to further expand our global footprint.

 

Deepening technology and engineering core 

The core of our business lies in technology and 

engineering and they are at the heart of every new 

innovation. We set up a Group Engineering Centre 

to focus on translating near-term technologies into 

products and solutions. This Centre will work closely 

with our Group Technology Office to drive advanced 

technology and engineering applications for both 

defence and commercial businesses.

 

These two functions will augment business-specific 

engineering teams that will continue to be deployed 

Executive Officer, the Group Chief Financial Officer 

(CFO) and two Group Chief Operating Officers (COOs), 

replaces the Management Committee. The Group 

Executive Committee is supported by the Group Senior 

Business Council, comprising a team of senior leaders 

across the Group. 

 

Lim Serh Ghee, who was appointed to the position of 

COO in October 2020, is responsible for driving cost 

efficiency as Group COO (Operations Excellence). He is 

concurrently the Chief Commercial Officer, overseeing 

the Commercial cluster. Meanwhile, Ravinder Singh 

has been appointed as Group COO (Technology &amp; 

Innovation), with the mandate to deepen our technology 

and engineering core, as well as drive innovation across 

the Group. He will also head the Defence &amp; Public 

Security cluster.

The creation of these Chief Operating Officer roles 

reinforces the Group’s resolve to enhance our global 

competitiveness through excellence in operations, and 

our core strengths in technology and engineering that 

are built around a strong culture of innovation.

Building global scale and success 

The Commercial cluster fuels the Group’s international 

growth in Commercial Aerospace, Urban Solutions 

and Satellite Communications. These are known as 

Global Business Areas (or GBAs) to reflect the Group’s 

aspirations to build global champions. 

 

The Commercial Aerospace GBA continues to drive long-

term growth through lines of business in Aerostructures 

and Systems, MRO and Aviation Asset Management.                    

 

The Urban Solutions GBA and the Satellite 

Communications GBA spearhead our Smart City growth. 

Collectively, they hold most of our smart city business 

lines. More importantly, domain expertise and technology 

which previously resided across four sectors are now 

part of an integrated unit. This gives us a comprehensive 

and integrated suite of smart city go-to-market solutions 

to help our customers transform cities into connected, 

resilient and sustainable spaces. 

07

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

"Despite the pandemic, we 

decided to proceed with 

the redesign of the Group’s 

organisation structure 

so that we can be better 

positioned for growth when 

the economy recovers."




Build global scale and success with  

new organisation structure

at the business units, as well as accelerate the Group’s 

digitalisation push and leverage our technology 

competencies to embed digital innovation into our 

products and solutions for added differentiation and a 

sharper competitive edge.

A multi-year journey

This reorganisation is the latest in a multi-year push 

to prepare the Group for the future. The seeds 

were planted a few years ago when we undertook 

organisational changes to progressively strengthen and 

better position the Group for sustainable long-term 

growth. 

It started with the setting up of Shared Services by 

consolidating corporate functions across the Group to 

reduce our cost base, improve control and enhance 

service levels. 

We then embarked on a Group-wide strategy review in 

2017. This review resulted in us sharing a five-year plan 

(2018-2022 goals) and specific initiatives to strengthen 

our core businesses and to develop our Smart City and 

International Defence businesses.

 

Among other initiatives, we rationalised our business 

portfolio, divested non-core businesses, harmonised 

our corporate brands into one ST Engineering master-

brand, formed the Group Risk and Assurance function, 

and enhanced our leadership competency and talent 

development framework. 

 

These efforts were complemented by increased 

investments in technology and innovation, be it in-

house or through collaboration within the industry.  

We have made significant investments in areas aligned 

with our strategy, and where we can scale. Between 

2018 and 2019, we made three acquisitions worth  

over $1b.

 

Setting new five-year plan 

Up till now, we have been executing the strategy 

that we shared at our 2018 Investor Day. While we 

experienced early success with our growth initiatives, 

LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS

/  ST ENGINEERING

08

Deepen 

customer

engagement 

&amp; domain 

expertise

Leverage 

Group scale, 

strengthen 

technology &amp; 

engineering 

core

Defence &amp; Public Security

Commercial

Group Engineering Centre

Group Technology Office

Group Corporate Functions and Shared Services

Commercial

Aerospace

Urban

Solutions

Satcom

Digital

Systems

&amp; Cyber

Land

Systems

Marine

Defence

Aerospace
















CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

the pandemic has impacted global GDP growth as well 

as our mid-term goals. 

 

We are cognisant that the process of retooling the 

Group is a long-term, continuous effort. Thus, even 

as we were managing the challenges posed by the 

pandemic, we knew that we had to continue to make 

necessary structural changes for sustainable growth. 

That is why we decided to move forward with the 

organisational redesign in spite of the crisis and the 

focus on business recovery. We knew that we had to 

do it because it would prepare us for the upturn, to 

position us to recover faster and emerge stronger.   

In view of these factors, we will be reviewing and 

sharing our revised five-year plan at an Investor Day in 

the second half of 2021.

 

Sustainability remains an integral component of 

our strategy 

Amid these changes, one constant is our commitment 

to sustainability. In fact, we have strengthened this 

commitment by placing sustainability within the ambit 

of the Group Strategy team, with the Group Executive 

Committee providing strategic guidance. This way, 

we can integrate our sustainability objectives into the 

Group’s strategic plans.

 

Meanwhile, we will continue to take steps to embed 

material environmental, social and governance 

principles into our business and operations, give back 

to the communities where we live, and operate in a 

socially responsible and sustainable manner.

 

Details of our Sustainability and Corporate Governance 

reports are on pages 74 to 125.

Board renewal  

 

In May, we welcomed Ng Bee Bee (May) as an 

independent Director. May brings with her a wealth of 

private sector experiences that will enrich our board 

deliberations, and we look forward to working with her.

 

Dr Beh Swan Gin retired as an independent Director in 

May. Dr Beh joined the Board in September 2014 and 

was a member of the Budget and Finance Committee, 

and from 2017, the Strategy &amp; Finance Committee. 

We thank him for his invaluable contributions over the 

years. 

Our appreciation 

In closing, we would like to thank our customers and 

business partners for their support and trust in us 

despite the difficult circumstances that prevailed in 

2020. 

 

We are also grateful to our employees around the 

world for their unwavering commitment and hard 

work. 2020 has been a challenging year for many of 

them because of the pandemic. Many had to make 

major adjustments to how and where they work. 

Despite these disruptions, they impressed us with their 

resilience and amazing team spirit! It is this spirit that 

will continue to propel the Group ahead. 

 

Finally, to our shareholders, we thank you for your 

confidence in ST Engineering and we seek your 

continuous support as we move into our next phase of 

growth.

Sincerely,

Kwa Chong Seng

Chairman

Non-Executive Independent Director

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

Group President &amp; CEO

Executive Non-Independent Director

15 March 2021

09

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /






/  ST ENGINEERING

10

致股东的信

新冠疫情在2020年肆虐全球。疫情扩散蔓延对全球经济

和供应链带来了前所未有的冲击，也严重影响了全世界人

民的生活和生计。在撰写本报告时，超过1.1亿人已被感

染，全球死亡人数约为260万。值得庆幸的是，已有至少

100个国家开始接种新冠疫苗。

在2020年初，为了应对新冠疫情爆发，我们立即在工作场

所采取相应措施，包括在家办公和分队作业，并加强了健

康和安全规范来保障员工和承包商的安全。同时，在此艰

难的情况下，我们仍竭尽所能，尽最大努力履行对客户的

承诺。

为了减缓经济放缓、需求降低对集团造成的影响，我们专

注于提高运营效率，采取降低成本的措施，其中包括推迟

可自由支配的资本性支出和收紧运营支出。

通过我们多元化的业务组合，减轻了疫情带来的影响

新冠疫情对集团四个业务部门的影响各不相同。

新冠疫情引发各国实施旅游禁令与限制，严重打击了航空

业，也降低了宇航业务的飞机维修服务需求和发动机短舱

的制造量。但另一方面，我们的客改货业务却大放异彩。随

着电商的不断兴起与发展，航空货运业务激增，但客机多

停止运营，客机腹载货运量大大下降，导致全球对货机的

需求大大提升。再加上很多适合客改货的老旧客机已经退

役，我们的客改货业务收到很多垂询和新订单。

在电子业务方面，由于客机和游轮停航，我们在航空和海

事领域的卫星通讯业务同样受到新冠疫情的影响。不过，

在全面整合了我们欧洲和美国的卫星通讯业务后，我们更

有能力和实力争取在近地球轨道及中地球轨道等全新的

非地球同步轨道卫星的新商机。扩大的卫星通讯业务也能

通过更多样化的客户群来部分抵消经济放缓的影响，例如

更有韧性的国防、广播和企业宽带领域。疫情也加快了数

码化转型的步伐，推高了对新兴领域如网络安全和安全数

码服务的需求。

与我们商业业务受到的影响相反，我们的国防业务提供

了迫切需求的稳定性。我们的陆路系统业务已开始生产

Hunter装甲战车，而我们在美国的海事业务则开始为美国

海军的破冰船进行设计工作。我们的新加坡船厂则在专注

于为新加坡警察部队的海岸卫队建造快速巡逻艇。

我们业务组合的多样性让我们能够更好地应对疫情危

机。此外，通过削减成本的措施所节省下来的费用，以及

各国政府提供的补贴支持，更助本集团的财务业绩保持

平稳。

2020年的业绩体现了我们业务的实力

在2020财年，集团报告的收入为72亿元，较上年下降9％。 

这符合我们在季度更新报告中提供的指引。税前利润

比下降23%至5.34亿元，主要原因是无形资产减值，以

及我们美国船厂的几个造船项目的亏损所致。尽管透

过我们的成本削减措施所节省的费用和政府补贴有所

缓冲，税前利润的下降仍受到集团收入下降的影响。由

于新加坡政府的雇佣补贴计划不需要缴税,股东应占利 

润（净利润）同比下降10%至5.22亿元，跌幅亦有所解。

宇航业务收入同比下降21%至27亿元，净利润跌28%至

1.93亿元。这主要是由于MRO业务量减少、资产减值，以

及缺少上一年度项目收尾审查所产生的有利影响所致。削

减成本措施带来的节余和政府补贴部分抵消了此跌幅。但

即使剔除政府雇佣补贴，宇航2020财年仍然可以取得净

利润。

电子业务的收入同比下跌2%至23亿元，主要是工程项目

因受新冠疫情影响而重新安排。不过，净利润增长11%至

2.04亿元，主要得益于削减成本措施所节省下来的费用和

政府补贴。

陆路系统业务的收入比去年下降1%至14亿元，主要是因

较强的国防业务部分抵消较低的道路建设业务销售。净利

润同比增长31%至1.01亿元，得益于削减成本措施带来的

节余和政府补贴，但也被资产减值所部分抵消。

"我们很庆幸拥有一支效率极高的工

作团队和资源，既能克服新冠疫情带

来的挑战，同时也能助集团争取追求

全球卓越的愿景。"

M Y C K

ngineering_Editorials-ok.indd   10

ngineering_Editorials-ok.indd   10

17/3/21   9:52 AM

17/3/21   9:52 AM


11

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

虽然新加坡船厂活动因新冠疫情而受限制，但美国造船业

务赢得更高收入促使海事业务收入同比增长10%至7.1亿

元。净利润则同比下降45%至2.83百万元，主要因为美国

的几个造船项目在2018年海事业务的低点所签订的合同

价格偏低而陷于亏损。海事业务也因新冠疫情所引起的业

务中断和人力安排而面对较高的运营成本。

总体而言，宇航业务收入占集团总收入的38%、电子业务

占32%、陆路系统业务及海事业务分别占19%和10%。如

以地域划分，来自亚洲的客户占集团总收入约53％，来自

美国及欧洲客户的收入则分别占24％及17％。商业业务贡

献约46亿元的收入，国防业务在新冠疫情期间仍稳定增

长至26亿元。2020年签署的新合同总价值约57亿元。新

订单加上未公布的其他合同，再除去因新冠疫情而受影响

的约10亿元项目，集团2020年末总订单额至154亿元。尽

管2020是一个充满挑战性的一年，我们仍取得比2019年

年末略高的订单额。我们预期在2021年将从订单中交付约

53亿元的收入，为明年的业务提供稳健的销售额。

由于我们减少了一些可支配的资本支出，2020年的资本支

出比去年下降约30％至1.96亿元。不过，我们将继续投资

新的增长领域，如网络安全、数据分析和云计算，为经济

好转做充分准备，并在经济衰退的浪潮中鹤立鸡群。

集团的资产负债保持坚韧，并有利于多种资金来源，包括

美国商业票据计划和中期票据计划，来支持本集团的活动

和增长。2020年，标准普尔和穆迪重申了对本集团的AAA

信用评级。截至2020年底，我们的现金和现金等价物为

7.29亿元，2019年底则为4.52亿元。于此同时，当许多企

业因疫情冲击，资金陷入困境，高息筹资；集团却在2020

年度，争取利息的下滑，为中期票据订下创新低(1.5%)的

利息，铺好未来几年发展道路的平台，充分化危为机。 

鉴于这些结果，董事会建议派发每股10分的末期股息。加

上2020年9月派发的每股5分的中期股息，2020年的总股

息将为每股15分，代表3.9% 的股息收益率1。

1 

股息收益率以 2019 年和 2020 年最后一个交易日的平均收盘价$3.88

为基准。

驾驭艰难大环境的能力和针对新冠疫情带来的新常态进行

的调整证明了集团的强大实力，也得益于推行的一系列成

本削减措施和政府的补贴计划。2020年的业绩体现了我们

业务的实力，也彰显了我们跨行业、跨地域、多元化业务架

构的韧性、我们全体员工的执行能力及奉献精神、我们科

技创新能力以及我们工程技术的广度和深度。

要进一步了解我们各业务的发展，请参阅38页至61页的运

营评鉴与展望。

面对未来，我们感到乐观。世界各国已纷纷展开疫苗接种

助共同抗疫。这历史上规模最大、速度最快的疫苗接种及

接种成效让我们渐渐看到终结疫情的曙光，而全球经济重

回正轨有望指日可待。

虽然政府的2021年雇佣补贴将会比2020年来的低，我们

有信心在部分收入回升的情况下，能以我们的成本削减措

施带来的节余抵消政府支持减少后的影响。

为增长进行重组

集团虽在2020年忙于抗疫，但没有忽略我们想在全球范围

内实现卓越获得成功的长远愿景。在11月，我们宣布了集

团重组。从2021年1月1日开始，我们已重组为两个集群，

即商业组合和国防与防卫业务组合。集团将不再按宇航、

电子、陆路系统和海事划分架构。

虽然疫情严峻，为了在疫情结束后更好的定位，我们毅然

决定对集团进行改组。我们很庆幸拥有一支效率极高的工

作团队和资源，既能克服新冠疫情带来的挑战，同时也能

助集团争取追求全球卓越的愿景。

设计新架构有三大核心原则：首先，新架构必须能让我们

荣登全球舞台成为核心成员,以实现全球化规模及成功的

愿景。第二是我们期望加深我们与客户和合作伙伴的战略

关系，以满足不断变化的需求。最后，重组必须使我们能

够深化我们在工程和科技领域的核心能力，并改进我们培

养、部署和授权人才的方式。

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


/  ST ENGINEERING

12

致股东的信

为了实现我们的战略重点，我们也在领导架构方面做了相

应的调整。由集团总裁兼首席执行长、集团首席财务总监

和两名集团首席运营长所组成的集团执行理事会取代了之

前的管理理事会。由横跨整个集团的高层领导人组成的集

团高层业务委员会将协助执行理事会带领集团迈向下一个

阶段的增长。

 

林思義目前是集团首席运营长（卓越运营）兼首席商业总

裁。在负责推动成本效率的同时，林先生也会肩负监管 

商业组合的重任。Ravinder Singh被任命为集团首席运营 

长（科技与创新）兼国防与防卫总裁。他的首要任务是强

化集团技术和工程核心并推动整个集团的创新精神。

设立首席运营长的职位，通过卓越的运营，以及在强大创

新文化基础上建立的科技和工程核心优势，能够加强集团

的全球竞争力。

建立全球规模和成就

我们的商业组合将推动集团在商业宇航、智慧城市和卫星

通信领域的国际发展。这些领域总称为环球业务领域，以

反映集团致力于打造全球佼佼者的愿景。商业宇航环球业

务领域将继续推动集团在飞机结构和系统、维护、修理和

大修以及航空相关资产管理方面的长期增长。智慧城市和

卫星通信环球业务领域将在更多专项资源的支持下推动

集团的智能城市业务增长。该集群整合了集团大多数的智

能城市技术和能力，将之前集团四大领域中相关的技术和

能力统一整合到一个单独的业务单位中。我们现在能提供

更全面、更综合的解决方案，协助我们的客户打造互联互

通、高效、可持续发展的智能城市。

国防与防卫业务组合将集团内部相关业务统一整合成一个

单独的集群，由国防科技领域组成，即数码系统与网络安

全，陆路系统，海事以及国防宇航。该集群的设计整合了

国防科技开发与部署以及客户参与，将使我们能够为国防

和公共安全领域的客户提供更好的服务，加大了我们在国

际目标市场的机会。

此集群中的防卫部分原属于电子业务的一部分。它将继续

为全球公共机构提供综合安全及防卫方案来更好的管理

关键基础设施、空域和港口等。

 

国防与防卫业务集群目前在海外拥有大量的业务，新的组

织架构能让我们进一步扩大全球业务范围。 

强化科技技术与工程核心 

我们的业务核心主要在科技技术和工程，它们是我们开发

每一项新创新的核心。为了加强这一核心，我们成立了一

个集团工程科技推展中心，专注于将短期科技转化为产品

和解决方案。

该中心将与我们的集团科研中心紧密合作，共同推动国防

和商业业务的先进科技技术研发和工程应用。

这两个职能将强化特定业务及部署在业务部门的工程团

队，并加速集团的数码化进程来为集团创造和捕捉价值。

同时利用我们的数码技术能力将数码创新嵌入到我们的

产品和解决方案中，以增加差异化和更鲜明竞争优势。

历时多年的征程

这次重组是为集团的未来所进行的多年征程的最新努力。

我们早已在几年前为新科工程的长期可持续发展做准备。

这起始于建立共享服务中心的概念，我们把集团范围内共

用的职能集中起来以便更有效的降低我们成本基础，加强

控管和提高服务水平。

随后，我们在 2017 年开始了整个集团的战略评估并催生了

我们的五年计划战略（2018-2022）以及强化核心业务、发

展智慧城市和国际国防业务的具体举措。

我们也积极审核业务组合、出售非核心业务、将企业品牌

统一、组建集团风险和保证职能、加强领导能力和人才发

展框架。我们也持续在科技技术研发和创新方面的投资，

更加强注入与我们战略相一致的领域，例如我们在2018年

至2019年期间所收购的三家总价值超过10亿元的公司。 

"即使在我们应对疫情带来的挑战

时，我们也很清楚我们必须继续为长

期增长进行必要的结构改革。"


13

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /





制定新的五年计划 

虽然我们的五年计划战略有初步的好成绩，但疫情影响了

全球 GDP 的增长以及我们的中期目标。

我们意识到，重整集团的过程是一个长期且必须持续的努

力。因此，即使在我们应对疫情带来的挑战时，我们也很

清楚我们必须继续为长期增长进行必要的结构改革。这就

是为什么尽管面临危机，或是专注于业务复苏之际，我们

仍决定继续进行组织结构的重新设计。这将让我们为将来

的经济好转做足准备，让我们能够更快地复原，并变得更

加强大。 

鉴于这些因素，我们将在2021年下半年的“投资者日”会

议上审查并发布修订后的五年计划。

可持续发展仍是我们战略中不可或缺的组成部分

在所有这些变化中，不变的是我们对可持续发展的承诺。

事实上，我们已加强这一承诺，将可持续发展纳入集团战略 

策划团队的职责范围，并由执行理事会提供战略指导。这

样一来，我们就可以将可持续发展目标融入集团的战略计

划中。

 

同时，我们将继续采取步骤，将实质性的环境、社会和治理

原则纳入我们的业务和运营中，履行企业社会责任、回馈社

群，并以对社会负责和可持续的方式进行运营。

 

我们的可持续发展和治理报告的详情见第74页至125页。 

董事会更新

我们在五月份迎来了黄美美女士以独立非执行董事的身份

加入董事会。黄董事拥有卓越的私营企业经验，这将丰富

我们董事会的商议内容。

马宣仁博士于四月退任独立非执行董事一职。马博士于

2014年九月加入董事会，是预算和财务理事会的一员，并

从2017年开始，成为战略和财务理事会的一员。我们感谢

他多年来的宝贵贡献。 

衷心感谢

我们要感谢我们的客户和业务伙伴在2020年的艰难情况

下对我们的支持和信任。

我们也要感谢身处世界各地的员工坚定不移的承诺和辛

勤不懈的努力。我们许多的同事不得不在疫情的大环境下

调整他们的工作方式和工作地点。他们坚韧不拔的团队精

神让我们赞叹不已！这样的精神将继续推动集团，朝更美

好的未来发展。 

 

最后，对于我们的股东，我们感谢您对新科工程怀抱信

心，期望我们在进入下一个发展阶段时，能继续得到您的

支持。

此致，

柯宗盛

主席

非执行独立董事

钟思峰

集团总裁兼首席执行长

执行非独立董事 

2021年3月15日

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT




KWA CHONG SENG

CHAIRMAN

NON-EXECUTIVE

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

VINCENT CHONG SY FENG

GROUP PRESIDENT &amp; CEO

EXECUTIVE &amp;

NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Date of first appointment as a Director:

1 September 2012

Date of appointment as Chairman:

25 April 2013

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the former 

University of Singapore

• Fellow of the Academy of Engineering Singapore

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

•  Defence Science &amp; Technology Agency 

•  Public Service Commission, Singapore 

•  Singapore Exchange Limited*

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years 

• APL (Bermuda) Ltd.                                             

• APL Co. Pte Ltd                                                   

• APL Limited                                                         

• Automar (Bermuda) Ltd.                                      

• CMA CGM Asia Pacific Limited^                         

 (formerly known as Neptune Orient Lines Limited)

• CMA CGM Asia Pacific Liner Pte. Ltd.                

 (formerly known as NOL Liner (Pte.) Ltd)

• Delta Topco Limited                                             

• Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.       

• Olam International Limited

• SeaTown Holdings Pte. Ltd.                                   

• Singapore Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd

Date of first appointment as a Director:

1 October 2016

Date of next re-election as a Director:

22 April 2021

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Engineering (First Class Honours) (Mechanical 

Engineering) from the National University of Singapore

• Executive leadership programmes at the Thunderbird School 

of Global Management and the Columbia Business School

• Fellow of the Academy of Engineering Singapore

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Emerging Stronger Taskforce (Member)

• Experia Events Pte. Ltd. 

• International Advisory Panel for Advanced Manufacturing 

&amp; Engineering, Ministry of Trade &amp; Industry (Member)

• JTC Corporation (Board Member and Member of 

Development Committee)

• Jurong Port Pte Ltd (Director and Member of 

Management, Development &amp; Compensation Committee)

• Mechanical Engineering Departmental Consultative 

Committee, NUS (Member) 

• Singapore Airshow &amp; Events Pte. Ltd.  

 

• SPTel Pte. Ltd.   

 

 

 

• ST Engineering Financial I Ltd.   

 

• ST Engineering Financial II Pte. Ltd.  

 

• ST Engineering IHQ Pte. Ltd.  

 

 

• ST Engineering North America, Inc.  

 

• ST Engineering RHQ Ltd.  

 

 

• ST Engineering Treasury Pte. Ltd.  

 

 

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Committee on the Future Economy (Member)

• Singapore Quality Award Governing Council (Member)

• ST Engineering Aerospace Resources Pte. Ltd.

• ST Engineering Aerospace Ltd.  

• ST Engineering Electronics Ltd.  

 

• ST Engineering Land Systems Ltd.  

• ST Engineering Management Services Pte. Ltd.

• ST Engineering Marine Ltd.

• Temasek Defence Systems Institute (TDSI) Management

 Board, NUS (Member)

• U EnTech Steering Committee (Member)  

 

• Vision Technologies Marine, Inc.  

• VT Systems International, LLC

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

Date of last re-election as a Director:

15 May 2020

* Listed company

^ Delisted from SGX-ST in 2016

/  ST ENGINEERING

14




LIM AH DOO   

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

JOSEPH LEONG WENG KEONG  

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Date of first appointment as a Director:

7 June 2019

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Arts (Engineering) from the University of 

Cambridge, UK

• Master of Arts from the University of Cambridge, UK

• Master of Business Administration from the 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Civil Service College (Member)

• Defence Science &amp; Technology Agency  

• DSO National Laboratories 

 

 

• Second Permanent Secretary (Communications 

and Information), Ministry of Communications and 

Information

• Second Permanent Secretary (Cybersecurity), Prime 

Minister’s Office

• Singapore Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

Nil

Date of first appointment as a Director:

10 November 2015

Date of next re-election as a Director:

22 April 2021

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Honours degree in Engineering from the Queen Mary 

College, University of London

• Master in Business Administration from the Cranfield 

School of Management

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• GDS Holdings Limited*  

 

 

• GP Industries Ltd* 

 

 

 

• Olam International Limited* 

 

 

• Singapore Technologies Telemedia Pte Ltd  

• STT Communications Ltd 

 

 

• STT Global Data Centres India Private Limited 

• U Mobile Sdn Bhd 

 

 

 

• Virtus HoldCo Limited

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• ARA-CWT Management (Cache) Limited 

• Bracell Limited* 

 

 

 

• SembCorp Marine Ltd*   

 

 

• SM Investments Corporation*  

 

• ST Engineering Marine Ltd. 

 

 

• STT GDC Pte. Ltd.

* Listed company

Date of last re-election as a Director:

15 May 2020

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

15

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




LIM CHIN HU

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

LIM SIM SENG    

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Date of first appointment as a Director:

15 May 2015

Date of next re-election as a Director:

22 April 2021

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Japanese Government Monbusho scholar

• Bachelor in Business Administration from Yokohama 

National University, Japan

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Building and Construction Authority (Non-executive 

Board Member)

• DBS Securities (Japan) Company Limited 

• DBS Vickers Securities Holdings Pte Ltd  

• Federal Republic of Nigeria (High Commissioner)

• Nikko Asset Management Co., Ltd

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Resona Merchant Bank Asia Limited  

 

 (formerly known as ASEAN Finance Corporation Limited)

• Singapore Land Authority 

 

 

 

• ST Engineering Aerospace Ltd.

Date of first appointment as a Director:

16 July 2018

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Science from La Trobe University, 

Melbourne, Australia

• Diploma in Electrical &amp; Electronics Engineering from 

Ngee Ann Polytechnic

• Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Directors

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• ALPS Pte. Ltd.   

 

 

 

• Citibank Singapore Limited 

 

 

• G-Able Thailand Ltd  

 

 

• Heliconia Capital Management Pte. Ltd.  

• Integrated Health Information Systems Pte. Ltd.

• Kulicke &amp; Soffa Inc* 

 

 

 

• Singapore Exchange Limited* 

 

 

• Singapore Health Services Pte Ltd  

 

• SPTel Pte. Ltd. 

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd  

 

• Keppel DC REIT Management Pte. Ltd.   

• Personal Data Protection Commission (Member)

• Telstra Corporation Limited* 

* Listed company

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

/  ST ENGINEERING

16




LIEUTENANT-GENERAL  

ONG SU KIAT MELVYN    

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

NG BEE BEE (MAY)    

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Date of first appointment as a Director:

1 June 2020

Date of next re-election as a Director:

22 April 2021

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Arts (Honours) from the University of  

Western Ontario, Canada

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Mercatus Co-operative Ltd* 

 

 

• NTUC Enterprise Co-operative Limited 

• Pan-United Corporation Ltd.* (CEO and Director)

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Changshu Xinghua Port Co., Ltd.  

 

• NTUC Choice Homes Co-operative Limited

• Singapore Changshu Development Company Pte Ltd

• Xinghua Port Holdings Ltd.  

 

 

 (formerly known as Xinghua Port Holdings Pte. Ltd.) 

Date of first appointment as a Director:

8 June 2018

Date of next re-election as a Director:

22 April 2021

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Science (Economics) (Honours) from the 

London School of Economics and Political Science

• Master of Science (Development Studies) from the 

London School of Economics and Political Science

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Defence Science &amp; Technology Agency   

• JTC Corporation (Board Member)

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• ST Engineering Land Systems Ltd. 

* Listed company

Date of last re-election as a Director:

N.A.

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

17

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




QUEK GIM PEW  

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

QUEK SEE TIAT   

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Date of first appointment as a Director:

1 July 2013

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Science (Economics)(Honours) from the 

London School of Economics and Political Science

• Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 

England and Wales

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Accounting Standards Council Singapore (Chairman 

Designate)

• Centre for Liveable Cities Limited

• Council for Estate Agencies (President/Council 

Member)

• Monetary Authority of Singapore (Board Member)

• Pavilion Energy Pte. Ltd.

• Pavilion Energy Spain, S.A.U.

• Singapore Press Holdings Limited*

• Temasek Foundation Connects CLG Limited  

• Temasek Foundation Ltd (Co-opted member of Audit 

and Risk Committee)

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Building and Construction Authority (Board Member) 

• CMA CGM Asia Pacific Limited^ 

 (formerly known as Neptune Orient Lines Limited)

• Energy Market Authority (Board Member) 

Date of last re-election as a Director:

15 May 2020

Date of first appointment as a Director:

15 August 2016

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Bachelor of Engineering (First Class Honours) 

(Electrical Engineering) from the National University of 

Singapore

• Master of Science (Distinction) in Electrical 

Engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School, USA

• Fellow of the Academy of Engineering Singapore

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

• Agency for Science, Technology &amp; Research Board 

(Member) 

• ATREC Pte. Ltd. 

• Defence Science &amp; Technology Agency (Member)

• DSO National Laboratories

• Governing Board for the Centre for Quantum 

Technologies 

• Singapore Institute of Technology (SIT) Board of 

Trustees (Member)

• Singapore University of Technology and Design 

(SUTD) Board of Trustees (Member)

• SMRT Trains Ltd. 

• Temasek Defence Systems Institute Management 

Board (NUS)

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

• Industrial Advisory Committee School of EEE, NTU 

(Member)

• Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) Board of Governors 

(Board Member)

• ST Engineering Satellite Systems Pte. Ltd.  

• Temasek Laboratories@NTU Management Board

• Temasek Laboratories@NUS Management Board

• Temasek Laboratories@SUTD Management Board

Date of last re-election as a Director:

15 May 2020

* Listed company

^ Delisted from SGX-ST in 2016

/  ST ENGINEERING

18




COLONEL XU YOUFENG  

ALTERNATE DIRECTOR

SONG SU-MIN      

NON-EXECUTIVE &amp;

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Date of first appointment as a Director:

16 September 2018

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• LLB (Honours) from the University of Kent at 

Canterbury

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

Nil

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

Nil

Date of last re-election as a Director:

18 April 2019

Date of first appointment as an  

Alternate Director:

8 June 2018

Academic &amp; Professional Qualification

• Master of Science with Distinction in Optics and 

Photonics, (Science) from the Imperial College 

of Science, Technology &amp; Medicine, University of 

London, UK

Other Directorships/Appointments – Present

Nil

Other Directorships/Appointments – Past 5 years

Nil

Date of last re-election as an  

Alternate Director:

N.A.

19

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


VINCENT CHONG SY FENG

LIM AH DOO

Age

51

71

Country of principal residence

Singapore

Singapore

The Board’s comments on this 

appointment (including rationale, 

selection criteria, and the search 

and nomination process)

Vincent has 20 years of global 

business and management 

experience. His leadership will 

continue to benefit ST Engineering 

and set the direction of growth for 

the ST Engineering Group.

Ah Doo has vast experience in 

finance, investment and  

management. His experience 

will continue to enhance board 

deliberations.

Whether appointment is executive, 

and if so, the area of responsibility

Executive

Vincent oversees the business of 

the ST Engineering Group

Non-Executive

Job title (e.g. Lead ID, AC  

Chairman, AC Member etc.)

Group President &amp; CEO  

Non-Independent Director

Member of:

-  Research, Development and 

Technology Committee 

-  Strategy &amp; Finance Committee

-  Risk and Sustainability 

    Committee

Independent Director 

Member of:

- Audit Committee

- Strategy &amp; Finance Committee

Working experience and  

occupation(s) during the past  

10 years

Group President &amp; CEO, ST Engineering

(2016 – current)

President &amp; CEO (Designate), 

ST Engineering

(2015 – 2016)

Dy CEO (Corporate Development), 

ST Engineering

(2014 – 2015)

President, Strategic Plans &amp;  

Business Development,  

ST Aerospace

(2014)

Director, Asia Pacific Lubricants 

Sales, ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd

(2013 – 2014)

Downstream Senior Advisor, 

Corporate Strategic Planning, 

Exxon Mobil Corporation 

(2012 – 2013)

Global Director, Marine Fuels, 

ExxonMobil Marine Limited

(2009 – 2012)

Nil

/  ST ENGINEERING

20

DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

at the AGM on Thursday, 22 April 2021

Information Required under Rule 720(6) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

LIM SIM SENG

LG ONG SU KIAT MELVYN

NG BEE BEE (MAY)

62

45

53

Singapore

Singapore

Singapore

Sim Seng has vast experience 

in banking and management. 

His experience will continue to 

enhance board deliberations.

Melvyn’s defence background will 

continue to benefit ST Engineering 

in addressing the changing and 

challenging needs of the defence 

business.

May’s leadership and background 

experience in management will 

provide an all-rounded perspective 

to board deliberations. 

Non-Executive

Non-Executive

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Member of:

- Executive Resource and  

Compensation Committee

- Nominating Committee

- Strategy &amp; Finance Committee

Non-Independent Director

Member of Risk and Sustainability 

Committee

Independent Director

Member of Nominating Committee

Group Head of Consumer Banking 

Group &amp; Wealth Management for 

DBS

(2019 – current)

Group Executive, Country Head, 

DBS Singapore

(2010-2018)

SAF Officer

(1994 – current)

CEO, Pan-United Corporation Ltd 

(PUC)

(2011 – current)

Executive Director, PUC

(2004 – 2011)

21

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


/  ST ENGINEERING

22

Mr Vincent Chong Sy Feng, Mr Lim Ah Doo, Mr Lim 

Sim Seng, LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn and Ms Ng Bee Bee 

(May), have each:

• 

Confirmed that he/she has no relationship 

(including immediate family relationships) with 

any existing director, existing executive officer, the 

Company and/or substantial shareholder of the 

Company or any of its principal subsidiaries.

• 

Confirmed that he/she has no conflict of interest 

(including any competing business).

• 

Provided an undertaking in the format set out 

in Appendix 7.7 under Rule 720(1) of the SGX-ST 

Listing Manual.

• 

Confirmed that all responses under items (a) to (k) 

of Appendix 7.4.1 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual to 

be “No” save for Mr Lim Ah Doo responded “Yes” to 

item (j)(i) as disclosed below:

The other information required under Rule 720(6) of 

the SGX-ST Listing Manual are disclosed in the "Board 

of Directors" on pages 14 to 19. 

The shareholding interest in the Company and its 

subsidiaries (if any) of each of these Directors are 

disclosed in the “Directors’ Statement” on pages 128 

and 132.

- PT Indosat: Mr Lim was non-executive 

independent Commissioner of PT Indosal Tbk 

(PT Indosat) from December 2002 to August 

2008, and Chairman of the Audit Committee 

from June 2004 to June 2008. In November 

2007, PT Indosat along with six other Indonesian 

telecommunications companies were 

investigated by Indonesia's anti-competition 

KKPU, on allegations of price fixing of charges 

for short text messages and breach of Anti-

Monopoly Law of Indonesia. PT Indosat and 

eight other companies were also investigated by 

KKPU of concern of breaches of Article 27(a) of 

the Anti-Monopoly Law of Indonesia. There was 

no finding of breach of law by PT Indosat at the 

time Mr Lim left PT Indosat.

- Asian Agri: Mr Lim was president of RGM 

International Pte Ltd (RGMI) from October 2003 

to June 2007 and non-executive vice chairman 

of RGMI from June 2007 to November 2008. Mr 

Lim was also acting president of AAA Oils and 

Fats Pte Ltd (AAA) from June 2007 to November 

2007 and non-executive deputy chairman of 

AAA from November 2007 to November 2008. 

RGMI provides strategy services and support 

to a global group of independent companies 

(the RGM Group) operating in the resources 

development sector. Each business group within 

the RGM Group operates independently with its 

own holding company and directors responsible for 

the operation of that business group. Asian Agri is a 

member of the RGM Group and AAA is a member 

of Asian Agri. Certain Indonesian companies of 

Asian Agri operating in Indonesia were investigated 

by the tax authorities of Indonesia in November 

2006 for alleged non-payment of certain tax. The 

tax authorities of Indonesia had not confirmed any 

findings of breach of law at the time when Mr Lim 

left the RGM Group in November 2008. Mr Lim was 

not a member of the board nor was he concerned 

with the management of the companies under 

investigation.

DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

at the AGM on Thursday, 22 April 2021

Information Required under Rule 720(6) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

23

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE

INFORMATION

Board of Directors

Kwa Chong Seng (Chairman)

Vincent Chong Sy Feng (Group President &amp; CEO)

Joseph Leong Weng Keong 

Lim Ah Doo

Lim Chin Hu

Lim Sim Seng

Ng Bee Bee (May)

Lieutenant-General Ong Su Kiat Melvyn 

Quek Gim Pew

Quek See Tiat

Song Su-Min

Colonel Xu Youfeng 

(Alternate Director to  

Lieutenant-General Ong Su Kiat Melvyn)

Company Secretary/Joint Company Secretary

Low Meng Wai

Tan Wan Hoon

Registered Office

ST Engineering Hub

1 Ang Mo Kio Electronics Park Road

#07-01

Singapore 567710

Tel: (65) 6722 1818 

www.stengg.com

Share Registrar

M &amp; C Services Private Limited

112 Robinson Road #05-01

Singapore 068902

Auditors

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

7 Straits View 

#12-00 Marina One East Tower 

Singapore 018936 

Lam Hock Choon (Partner-in-charge) 

(Date of appointment: 15 May 2020)


GROUP EXECUTIVE 

COMMITTEE



VINCENT CHONG SY FENG

Group President &amp; CEO

Vincent Chong Sy Feng, 51, is the Group President &amp; CEO of ST Engineering and a Director 

of the ST Engineering Board since 2016. 

Before his current role, he was the President &amp; CEO (Designate) from late 2015, and prior  

to that, the Group’s Deputy CEO (Corporate Development) from late 2014. He joined  

ST Engineering in early 2014 as President of Strategic Plans and Business Development of 

the Aerospace sector. 

Vincent brings to the Group 20 years of global business experience from ExxonMobil, where 

he spent half of that time being based in Hong Kong, Japan, U.K. and the U.S. He held a 

wide span of senior positions in global and regional business management, refinery process 

engineering, industrial and retail operations, product marketing and strategic planning.

Vincent is a board member of JTC Corporation and Jurong Port, and a member 

of the Ministry of Trade and Industry's International Advisory Panel for Advanced 

Manufacturing and Engineering. He serves on the Emerging Stronger Taskforce to 

review how Singapore can build new sources of dynamism and stay economically 

resilient in a post COVID-19 world. 

Vincent graduated in 1994 with First Class Honours in Mechanical Engineering from 

the National University of Singapore. He attended executive leadership programmes at 

Thunderbird School of Global Management and Columbia Business School.



CEDRIC FOO CHEE KENG

Group Chief Financial Officer

Cedric Foo Chee Keng, 60, is the Group Chief Financial Officer of ST Engineering. 

Before joining ST Engineering in October 2016, Cedric was the Group Deputy President 

and Chief Financial Officer of Neptune Orient Lines Limited. Prior to that, Cedric served 

at Singapore Airlines as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration and 

subsequently, as the Senior Vice President for West Asia and Africa.

Cedric was also the Chairman for JTC Corporation from 2008 to 2012 and for Spring 

Singapore from 2003 to 2007.

Cedric graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Engineering (Naval Architecture and 

Marine Engineering) from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA and received his 

Master of Science (Ocean Systems Management) from the Massachusetts Institute 

of Technology, Cambridge, USA in 1985. He also attended executive programmes at 

Harvard and Kellogg Business Schools.

The Group Executive Committee (EXCO) which replaces the Management Committee effective 1 January 2021, is 

responsible for Group strategy and key decisions to deliver long-term growth. The EXCO is supported by the Group 

Senior Business Council comprising a team of senior leaders across the Group. 

/  ST ENGINEERING

24


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT



LIM SERH GHEE

Group Chief Operating Officer (Operations Excellence)

Chief Commercial Officer

Lim Serh Ghee, 61, holds concurrent appointments as the Group Chief Operating 

Officer (COO) (Operations Excellence), as well as the Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) 

of ST Engineering. Serh Ghee leads the development of continuous improvement 

projects to drive operational and cost efficiencies as the Group COO, and oversees 

integration of the Group’s businesses to enhance its global competitiveness. As the 

CCO, he is responsible for advancing businesses in aerospace, urban solutions and 

satellite communications.

Serh Ghee began his career in the Aerospace sector as a mechanical engineer in 1984 

and rose to become a Senior Vice President of the sector’s in-house engineering and 

development centre in 1998. He was the Senior Vice President of the Engineering 

and Materials Services business segment in May 2002, Executive Vice President of the 

Aircraft Maintenance and Modification business segment between 2006 and 2010, the 

sector’s COO as well as President, Defence Business from 2010 to 2014. Serh Ghee 

was the President of the Group’s Aerospace sector before he assumed his concurrent 

appointments on 1 January 2021.

Serh Ghee graduated with a Second Class Upper Honours degree in Mechanical 

Engineering from the National University of Singapore. He was conferred with the 

Master of Science in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Michigan. He also 

attended the Programme for Management Development at Harvard Business School.



RAVINDER SINGH

Group Chief Operating Officer (Technology &amp; Innovation)

President/Head, Defence &amp; Public Security

Ravinder Singh, 56, holds concurrent appointments as the Group Chief Operating 

Officer (COO) (Technology &amp; Innovation), and President/Head, Defence &amp; Public 

Security at ST Engineering. Ravinder oversees the development of multi-domain 

technologies and business innovation across the Group as its COO. He also leads the 

Group’s businesses across Digital Systems, Cyber, Land Systems, Marine and Defence 

Aerospace as President/Head of Defence &amp; Public Security.

 

With over 30 years of technology and defence experience, Ravinder has held various 

management and leadership positions. He was President of the Group’s Land Systems 

sector, then President, Defence Business of the Group and President of the Group’s 

Electronics sector before he assumed his concurrent appointments on 1 January 

2021. Prior to ST Engineering, Ravinder served as the Chief of Army, Singapore Armed 

Forces (SAF) and the Deputy Secretary (Technology), Ministry of Defence, Singapore. 

He was awarded the SAF Overseas Training Award (Academic) and was conferred the 

Public Administration Medal (Military), Silver and Gold.

Ravinder is the Deputy Chairman of National Environment Agency’s Board, and 

a board member of the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR). 

He is a member of the Services and Digital Economy Technology Roadmap 

Steering Committee, Infocomm Media Development Authority; the Committee on 

Autonomous Road Transport for Singapore, Ministry of Transport; and the Council 

of the Board for the Teaching and Testing of South Asian Languages, Ministry of 

Education. 

Ravinder holds a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering Science (First Class Honours) 

and a Master of Arts in Engineering Science from University of Oxford. He was 

awarded the Singapore Armed Forces Postgraduate Scholarship and graduated from 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Master of Science in Management. He 

attended the Advanced Management programme at Wharton Business School. 

25

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Q/ You were appointed as the CEO in late 2016. 

How do you feel after four years in the position? 

ST Engineering has many strengths, built and honed 

over decades. Those strengths presented opportunities 

for me as the new leader then to drive the Group 

towards becoming a global technology, defence 

and engineering powerhouse. We have made good 

progress in the last few years, making cumulative 

changes, and gaining a steady growth momentum until 

the COVID-19 pandemic hit us.  

This pandemic was unprecedented, and arguably 

among the toughest crises that many business leaders 

had to manage in their careers, likewise for leaders at 

ST Engineering. It upended the plans we had laid out 

for 2020, and put to test our Business Continuity plans. 

If anything, it made me much more appreciative of the 

strong foundation that ST Engineering has built over 

several decades. In 2020, even as we had to manage 

and navigate many unexpected scenarios that were 

evolving at a fast pace, we did not lose sight of our 

long-term goal, which speaks volume of the energy, 

confidence and resilience of the people that make up  

ST Engineering. 

The world today is not quite the same as it was 

when I took on this role. We are surrounded by more 

uncertainties, with rising nationalism and protectionism 

on the global scene, a wider drive for digital 

transformation enabled by technological advances, a 

greater need for the workforce to be better prepared 

for Industry 4.0, and an increasing push for sustainable 

solutions. Against this backdrop, we need to think 

harder about what it means to be truly global, what our 

roles are in the ecosystems we are part of, if we want 

to continue to thrive on value creation, and what we 

need to do more to build trust with our employees, 

customers and stakeholders. 

What is certain, however, is our purpose-driven agenda 

of using technology and innovation to solve real-world 

problems and improve lives, and our commitment to 

continuously build ST Engineering into an organisation 

that is more agile, adaptable, responsive, innovative, 

collaborative and transparent. We are more ready now 

"We are committed 

to our purpose-

driven agenda of 

using technology and 

innovation to solve

real-world problems 

and improve lives, and 

to continuously build 

ST Engineering into an 

organisation that is  

more agile, adaptable, 

responsive, innovative, 

collaborative and 

transparent."



Q&amp;A WITH VINCENT

Group President &amp; Chief Executive Officer

/  ST ENGINEERING

26


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

than before, having set the stage for further excellence, 

and I am confident the newly reorganised  

ST Engineering is poised to achieve more global 

success. 

Q/ What are your priorities as you operationalise 

the new organisation structure? 

We took about a year to plan for this reorganisation. 

We pored through many design iterations of the 

new structure with leaders and managers across the 

Group, and sat through numerous deliberations and 

engagements with internal and external stakeholders 

before deciding on the one we implemented. This 

new organisation structure, designed to be sharper 

and more agile, is now better aligned to our growth 

strategy, and allows us to be highly attuned and 

responsive to our customers’ needs in an evolving and 

competitive landscape.

Our utmost priority, in the transition to the new 

organisation structure, is ensuring that our employees, 

customers and partners remain positively engaged, 

which underscores our strong intent to be an even 

more agile and sharper organisation, for the benefit 

of our stakeholders. I have every confidence that we 

will do well in managing the change. We will also 

continue to invest in our technology and engineering 

core, overcome traditional ways of doing things where 

needed, and undertake continuous improvements, 

including adjusting our approach along the way. 

COVID-19 has taught us that to thrive, we need to 

diverge from how we traditionally operate, while 

maintaining our poise to create value, differentiate, and 

gain a competitive edge under new market conditions.

To stay relevant, we also have to score highly on 

customer responsiveness, to be faster and more 

effective in meeting the changing needs of our 

customers. We are now set up to do this better with 

more domain focused teams. I am certain that if we 

continue to motivate and engage our people, they will 

feel more empowered to take a more active role in 

driving the whole organisation forward. 

Q/ What are the contributing factors that will make 

the new organisation structure successful? Is 

there a timeline to achieve this outcome?

This reorganisation is one further step in the 

continuum of our business, prompted by our desire 

to do better and achieve further global success. 

Hence, it is less about achieving a certain milestone 

or deliverable, but more about better supporting our 

growth strategy to drive towards our aspiration. There 

are numerous factors that will drive the success of this 

reorganisation, and I will highlight three key ones. 

Firstly, our focus on customers. All aspects of our 

business must be connected to our customers and 

their expectations. This is a journey that the whole 

organisation needs to continue on. To serve our 

customers well, we need to continue to build breadth 

and depth of our competencies in domains and 

segments where we can have the most competitive 

advantage, and where we can scale and grow.  

Secondly, we must elevate the very capabilities that 

have led us this far – exceptional technological and 

engineering capabilities that have blazed the trail 

and put ST Engineering on the world map. It is the 

very core of us being a technology, defence and 

engineering group that creates solutions to enable a 

sustainable world, and the linchpin of our success. 

Lastly and importantly, our success hinges on our 

people. It is pivotal that we have a resilient and diligent 

workforce that can adapt to meet new demands, 

particularly in the current climate, and creatively 

manoeuvre through disruptions and crises. We must 

have a strong and steady talent pipeline to ensure 

continuity. 

Ultimately, any changes or initiatives that we undertake 

will have to translate into value creation for our 

stakeholders. From our shareholders’ perspectives, 

this means outstanding and sustainable financial 

performance and better shareholder returns across the 

business cycles. 

27

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Q/ What are your priorities as Group CFO in the 

newly reorganised structure?

One of the key objectives of the new organisation is 

to seek sustainable, long-term global growth in our 

identified business areas. To achieve this, the finance 

function must be equipped with the right resources 

(people and technology) and to "think and act global". 

Functions such as the risk management, treasury, 

insurance, tax and financial planning &amp; analysis will take 

on a more global perspective.

Finance business partnering is also a priority area for 

our team. We will be focused on becoming invaluable 

partners to our business leads and adding value in areas 

for strategy formulation, creative financing solutions, tax 

planning, financial hedging and risk management.

As part of the Group’s push for digitalisation, my team 

is focusing on applying digital technologies to build a 

robust financial infrastructure to support our business 

operations. These include automation, data visualisation, 

and data analytics to improve decision-making. Financial 

planning and analysis, and credit evaluation are two 

examples of how digitalisation can produce insights for 

timely and better business decisions. 

Q/ How does this new organisation change your 

capital structure and portfolio management 

approaches?

To do well, companies must formulate strategies that 

are not just bold but executable. Effective execution 

is when sustainable competitive advantages are 

created. For companies to thrive, they would 

require effective risk management, competitive 

channels, conducive corporate culture, good capital 

management and access to effective funding, 

amongst others.

"My team is focused 

on finance business 

partnering and 

digital technologies 

applications to build 

a robust financial 

infrastructure to 

better support our 

business operations."



Q&amp;A WITH CEDRIC

Group Chief Financial Officer

/  ST ENGINEERING

28


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

For the latter two factors, ST Engineering has 

ready access to short term funding through a 

U.S. Commercial Paper Programme which we 

established in 2019. We also have a Multicurrency 

Medium Term Note Programme (MTN) programme 

from which we issued US$750m five-year bonds 

in April 2020 at a very competitive coupon rate 

of 1.5%. Against the backdrop of the COVID-19 

pandemic, ST Engineering is still rated AAA by both 

Standard &amp; Poor's and Moody’s. 

Our balance sheet has sufficient capacity to 

support growth either organically or through 

M&amp;As where the target company provides a 

good strategic fit, adds value and presents high 

execution certainty.

Beyond managing working capital like payables, 

receivables and inventory turn times, portfolio 

management allows for capital to be allocated 

to identified and promising business lines. Those 

in unattractive sectors that are difficult to scale 

are candidates for divestment. We have, over the 

years and across countries, divested businesses 

that are non-core. Such portfolio management 

efforts must continue as the macro-economic, 

geopolitical and technological forces continue 

to shape the environment and prospects of the 

businesses that we operate in.

A notable capital recycling initiative in 2020 was  

the successful execution of an Aircraft Engine Asset-

Backed Securitisation project. This project effectively 

raised US$270m (about S$370m) for TEAM, our 

JV company with Marubeni. Notwithstanding the 

securitisation, our Aerospace business retains  

the asset manager role and continues to create value 

for lessors through our innovative asset management 

solutions.  

"Portfolio management 

efforts must continue as the 

macro-economic, geopolitical 

and technological forces 

continue to shape the 

environment and prospects 

of the businesses that we 

operate in."

Q/ How do you measure the financial 

performance of the three new segments*  

of the new organisation?

Investors should first assess the Group's strategic 

vector and determine if it makes sense, whether 

the Company is tracking it, and if it does what it 

says it would do.

Also, investors should continue to look at the 

performance of the Group as a whole. Earnings Per 

Share, Return on Capital Employed and Economic 

Value Added remain relevant. In addition, 

investors should pay heed to our businesses in 

high-growth emerging areas like smart mobility, 

satellite communications and cloud-managed 

services. These areas would constitute a larger and 

meaningful part of the whole and command higher 

multiples when executed successfully.

We are of the view that Earnings before Interest 

and Tax (EBIT) is a key metric to measure the 

financial performance of business segments. Items 

such as interest and taxes are stewarded centrally at 

the Group level and are therefore excluded from the 

business segment performance metrics.

29

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

* 

The three segments under the new financial reporting 

framework are: 

1. Commercial Aerospace 

2. Urban Solutions &amp; Satellite Communications 

3. Defence &amp; Public Security


Q/ What are your immediate priorities in your new 

role as Group COO (Operations Excellence), and 

as Chief Commercial Officer?

 

My immediate priorities are to ensure that operations 

continue smoothly under the new structure, and that 

we steer the organisation towards taking on further 

innovations and continuous improvements to bring 

about greater efficiency, operational excellence and 

value to our customers.

 

Since we have been running well all these years, we 

do not foresee the need for significant changes to our 

operations. However, we are paying close attention 

to the new interdependencies that have been 

created with the reorganisation, where units from 

different business clusters have to work together to 

accomplish certain work packages. 

Although we had already identified potential issues 

and outlined rules of engagement to facilitate smooth 

collaborations during the planning stage of the 

reorganisation, it will be my utmost priority to sort out 

any issues arising from organisational barriers quickly 

so that our services to customers continue to be 

well-executed.

 

Since the new structure took effect at the start of 

the year, I have increasingly gained a good feel of 

the operational pulse of the whole organisation, 

in particular the Urban Solutions and Satellite 

Communications Global Business Areas (GBAs), which 

have high interdependencies within the Commercial 

cluster. This has allowed me to address issues with the 

relevant management teams so that we work out the 

appropriate action plans to ensure smooth operations. 

In addition, as Chief Commercial Officer, I will be 

sharing my experience from helming the Aerospace 

business in the last six years with the Urban Solutions 

and Satellite Communications GBAs, and help 

them cross-sell their products and services to any 

Aerospace customers and business partners who may 

need their services.

"My utmost priority 

is to sort out any 

issues arising from 

organisational barriers 

quickly so that our 

services to customers 

continue to be  

well-executed."



Q&amp;A WITH SERH GHEE

Group Chief Operating Officer (Operations Excellence)

Chief Commercial Officer

/  ST ENGINEERING

30


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Q/ How will ST Engineering pursue operational 

excellence in these challenging times?

 

We will continue to push for greater innovation in 

our products and services offerings, as well as more 

improvements in our operational processes. No 

processes will be too small to improve upon. 

If there are practices that could hinder our work in any 

way or prevent us from delivering maximum value to 

meet our customers’ needs, we will look into improving 

them. Such a commitment requires constant efforts by 

all parties involved in operations to work as a team in 

identifying and preserving best practices. At the same 

time, we need to keep an open mind, and be receptive 

towards adopting new practices that can help us to be 

more efficient in delivering better products and services.

We pursue operational excellence in challenging times, 

and in good times. While the prevalent climate may 

seemingly make operational excellence an important 

priority, keeping our operations lean and efficient at 

all times is analogous to constantly maintaining one’s 

health and fitness level so that we can have the stamina 

and strength to cope with any sickness or infection. 

Operational excellence is hence a never-ending journey, 

which requires an organisation to have unwavering drive 

and self-motivation, as opposed to reacting only to 

external conditions.

I believe what we have achieved thus far has been 

made possible by the drive and passion of our people. 

We will therefore continue to work towards motivating 

our employees and instilling in them, the culture of 

operational excellence. This applies not only to frontline 

staff involved in designing products or solving technical 

problems, but also to our backend staff supporting 

business operations. 

In addition, we will equip our employees with the 

necessary tools, such as Continuous Improvement 

techniques and toolkits, to propagate a harmonised 

framework of achieving operational excellence in a 

systematic way. These toolkits will also allow employees 

to better communicate among themselves, define 

problems, develop solutions and measure outcomes 

consistently. Among the many measurements of 

operational excellence, safety will be one that we will 

place great emphasis on as we work towards a target of 

zero workplace accidents.

Q/ The aviation industry is going through tough 

times. Is this the worst you’ve experienced? In 

your role as Chief Commercial Officer, how will 

you guide the commercial aerospace business?

Compared to the September 11 attack in 2001 which had 

also caused a steep decline in air traffic, the COVID-19 

pandemic cuts much deeper. Hopefully with progressive 

vaccine rollouts, recovery for the aviation industry will not 

take as long as it had with September 11. 

At the onset of the pandemic, our immediate action 

was to safeguard the health of our workforce by 

implementing safe management measures at our 

various worksites. To mitigate impact from a drastic 

drop in work volume resulting from plunging air 

travel activities, we significantly cut back discretionary 

spending and rightsized our capacity in accordance with 

demand. To rally our employees behind these efforts, 

the management maintained open and constant staff 

communications, and took the lead in taking a pay cut. 

All these were done as we stepped up on serving our 

customers with value-added ideas.  

Looking ahead, in 2021, we see hopes of a recovery in 

the aviation industry. The Commercial Aerospace team 

comprises highly experienced and disciplined people 

who have been doing all the right things even before  

the pandemic struck. For instance, the team turned the  

crisis into opportunities with the offering of value- 

added ideas such as cabin disinfection and safety 

solutions to support airline customers during the 

pandemic. I am confident that the team will be able to 

continue in their excellent work. What I will do is to cheer 

them on and remove unproductive processes from their 

work. I will also help them increase their bandwidth in 

pursuing growth initiatives by leveraging my industry 

relationships and experience.

31

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Q/ As Group COO (Technology &amp; Innovation), how 

do you plan to instill and inspire innovation 

across the Group?

Across the group, we are driven to deliver innovative 

solutions for our customers. Innovation stems from 

understanding a customer’s challenges, and having the 

knowledge, resources and tenacity to solve them.

So we inspire innovation by firstly, increasing 

customer-centricity across the Group, building deeper 

and more strategic engagements with customers 

and partners in technology ecosystems. Actively 

participating and collaborating at the ecosystem 

level also gives us access to the latest technological 

developments. 

It is also my desire to foster more cross-domain 

collaborations internally, to increase knowledge-

sharing and the cross-pollination of ideas. Hence, 

in the new organisational structure, many of our 

businesses will have greater access to advanced 

technology and engineering resources through the 

new Group Engineering Centre (GEC). The GEC and 

our Group Technology Office will accelerate the 

Group’s digitalisation push to embed digital innovation 

into our products and solutions.

At the GEC, we will build engineering competencies 

through continuous learning and innovation. Being 

experts in their respective fields, our engineers are 

constantly challenged with engineering problems that 

spur them to innovate and to find new solutions. 

Lastly, to inspire innovation, we aim to include 

design thinking as a foundation module for all 

engineers Group-wide as part of their structured 

training roadmap. We will also increase our focus on 

experiential training for our engineers. They will have 

opportunities to embark on their research, study for 

their Masters or PhD programmes as part of their 

training roadmap to deepen domain knowledge, as 

well as to interact with their peers to explore and 

discover new innovative trends in their area.

Q&amp;A WITH RAVINDER

Group Chief Operating Officer (Technology &amp; Innovation)

President/Head, Defence &amp; Public Security

"Innovation stems 

from understanding a 

customer’s challenges, 

and having the

knowledge, resources 

and tenacity to  

solve them."



/  ST ENGINEERING

32


To be successful, we will continue to: 

1) focus on our core markets, ensuring that we deliver 

robust and high quality solutions;

2) invest in niche and strategic defence capabilities 

and leverage digital technologies for military and 

public security applications;

3) form strategic partnerships in our export markets; 

4) keep abreast of technology trends.

Q/ What are some key trends that will shape the 

defence and public security segments in the near 

future?

Digital technologies including data science, artificial 

intelligence, cloud and Internet of Things have 

transformed global businesses and created new 

products, markets and growth opportunities. These 

technologies will also have an impact on defence and 

public security capabilities. C5ISR is a potential growth 

area and we will translate proven and applicable 

technologies for our defence customers. 

In the growing public safety and security market, 

efforts to safeguard data, systems and critical 

infrastructure against existing and new threats are on 

the rise. We are well positioned to tailor our suite of 

defence and public security offerings to meet current 

and future requirements. 

Q/ How will this new organisational design help 

to achieve your goal for international defence 

business growth? 

With our established track record and the 

fundamentals of our business unchanged, we designed 

the Defence &amp; Public Security cluster to sharpen our 

focus on air, land, sea and cyber defence and security 

as well as to advance excellence in three areas.   

Firstly, with the new structure, we will introduce 

an integrated approach for defence technology 

development and deployment within the cluster. We 

will deepen collaboration across the Defence Business 

Areas and devote more resources towards R&amp;D to 

build up our integrated capabilities and solutions for 

strategic customers. 

Secondly, with Digital Systems and Cyber, we will 

incorporate advanced digital technologies into our 

defence and security solutions to help defence 

and public security customers accelerate digital 

transformation. There is an increasing demand for 

cyber defence, in particular C5ISR* readiness, as  

major defence agencies prepare warfighters for the 

future. By bolstering our C4ISR systems with cyber  

(the new ‘C’), we will be C5ISR-ready and will be able 

to deliver cyber-secure solutions for all our platforms 

and systems.

Finally, to grow our international business we will 

increase our focus on solutions for public security 

and critical information infrastructure (CII) segments 

which include cross-domain solutions that are 

applicable to airports, ports, utilities, healthcare and 

financial industries. These include emergency response 

systems, surveillance systems and key infrastructure 

protection solutions to safeguard citizens and critical 

infrastructure. Our cybersecurity business will continue 

to focus on addressing the full attack continuum, 

helping governments and enterprises mitigate risk, 

and enabling CII customers to strengthen both IT and 

operational technology cybersecurity. 

* 

C5ISR refers to command, control, computers, communi-

cations, cyber defence (C5), intelligence, surveillance, and 

reconnaissance (ISR).

 

33

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT








Innovation is central to our value creation model. From creating sustainable 

innovations that push the boundaries of R&amp;D to disruptive technologies, we 

are constantly redefining, reinventing and innovating new pathways to growth.

TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION

We collaborate with the global technology ecosystem including industry leaders, Institutes of Higher Learning, 

and research and government agencies, harnessing collective genius to co-innovate game-changing solutions 

and drive new possibilities that shape a better tomorrow.





World’s First 

Expandable  

Aircraft Lavatory

We worked with Tryb4uFly 

under the U.K. charity 

Queen Elizabeth's 

Foundation for Disabled 

People to design an 

expandable aircraft 

lavatory with wheelchair 

users in mind. It offers 

users 40% more space 

than a conventional 

aircraft lavatory, without 

reducing galley space or 

seating capacity.

Cabin Cargo Box

We worked on a mobile cabin cargo box design  

to enable passenger aircraft operators to maximise 

cargo volume per flight without the hassle of 

modification by latching these boxes onto existing 

tracks meant for seats.





Singapore’s First Integrated Waste 

Management Facility (IWMF)

Together with our consortium partners, we are 

designing and building Singapore's first integrated 

waste management facility to meet Singapore's 

solid waste management needs. The IWMF is  

co-located with the Tuas Water Reclamation Plant 

and collectively known as Tuas Nexus, for a more 

sustainable Singapore by optimising land use and 

maximising energy and resource recovery.

/  ST ENGINEERING

34








CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT









Smart Maritime 

Autonomous Vessel

With the support of the ship 

owner, classification society and 

port authority, we converted a 

manned tugboat into one of the 

first autonomous tugs in Singapore. 

Integrated with our in-house NERVA 

Ship Management and Sensemaking 

System, real-time, centralised control 

and monitoring of shipboard systems 

are realised.

Asia's First Cloud Firmware 

Endpoint Security Solution

We partnered with Janus 

Technologies, one of our portfolio 

companies, to develop BIOS-

SHIELD™. By embedding this 

firmware in a device, users can 

concurrently access secured and 

unsecured networks safely. The 

solution also possesses a unique 

capability of detecting and removing 

malware from the infected network 

with a simple system reboot.

Singapore's First Barrier-

Free Smart Car Park

Together with Nanyang 

Technological University in Singapore 

(NTU), we launched a barrier-free 

smart car park system powered by 

video recognition, data analytics and 

mobile payment technologies. The 

ticketless smart car park system will 

be installed at all 59 car parks across 

NTU's campuses by end-2021.

35

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /














Command,  

Control &amp;

Communications

Systems

We helped hospitals  

collect, analyse and 

respond to real-time data  

to improve efficiency  

and optimise capacity.

We bring technology and innovation together to create impactful and sustainable solutions that transform the 

way we live, work, learn and play. During the year, we adapted and deployed our engineering solutions to help 

our customers respond better and quicker to the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic.

TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION



Contactless  

Security Gantry 

Enhanced with the ability to identify 

people wearing masks, the Smart Flow AI 

Facial Recognition unit can be integrated 

with a fever scanner to enable automatic 

temperature checks as part of access 

control within buildings or facilities.



Decontamination 

Containers

To overcome the potential shortage of 

critical personal protective equipment 

(PPE), we collaborated with Temasek 

Foundation and converted used 

containers into vaporised hydrogen 

peroxide decontamination chambers, to 

effectively decontaminate PPEs such as 

N95 masks in an enclosed environment 

so that they can be reused safely.





Autonomous 

Mobile Robots

We deployed the 

TUG autonomous 

mobile robots to 

perform delivery tasks 

and surveillance at 

Community Care 

Facilities in Singapore.

/  ST ENGINEERING

36






CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT















Smart Wearables for 

Health Surveillance

The AGIL Smart Band serves 

as a health tracker, safe 

distancing and contact tracing 

device combined in one. Using 

Bluetooth Low Energy, the 

Smart Band triggers a vibration 

when the bands are in close 

proximity, alerting users to 

maintain a safe distance from 

one another.

Mobile Swab 

Station

We converted the Singapore 

Armed Forces’ Cross Country 

Ambulance into a Mobile 

Swab Station in three weeks 

to facilitate on-site swab 

operations, eliminating the 

need to transport potential 

COVID-19 patients to a 

separate medical facility.





Infrared Fever 

Screening System (IFSS)

We deployed more than 400 

IFSS units at airports, hospitals, 

hotels and commercial buildings 

across the globe, to enable 

non-intrusive screening of large 

groups of people with high 

accuracy in fever detection. 



Cabin Interior 

Solutions

We launched a patented 

disinfectant solution that is 

proven to kill 99.99% of the 

SARS-CoV-2 virus, as well as 

developed seat separators for 

safe distancing onboard aircraft.

Surgical Masks  

and Mask Filters

We built a sustainable supply 

of high-quality mask filters and 

medical-grade surgical masks, in 

support of Singapore's efforts to 

enhance its supply chain resilience 

for personal protective equipment 

amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.

37

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




T

he world economy entered 

a challenging period in 

2020 due to the COVID-19 

pandemic and the global aviation 

industry was one of the biggest 

casualties. Globally, airlines suffered 

from a plunge in air travel demand 

following widespread travel bans to 

curb virus transmission.  

Along with the global aviation 

sector, our aerospace business 

took a hit. Our Maintenance, Repair 

and Overhaul (MRO) and Original 

Equipment (OE) manufacturing 

businesses experienced lower 

demand, supply chain disruptions 

and efficiency declined due to 

travel bans, safe distancing and 

lockdowns.

Although the pandemic caused 

passenger traffic volumes to 

plummet, air cargo was a silver 

lining as e-commerce continued 

to be robust. The phasing out 

of grounded passenger aircraft 

by airlines also created ample 

feedstock for freighter conversions; 

and we saw heightened interest in 

our Passenger-to-Freighter (PTF) 

conversion solutions. 

Amid the uncertainties, we 

focused our efforts on capturing 

new opportunities and readying  

ourselves for a recovery in the 

market. We continued to drive 

innovation – from smart MRO to 

unmanned solutions – and pursued 

collaborations with industry partners 

to develop new and improved 

solutions across MRO and aviation 

products to better support our 

customers. 

At the same time, we continued 

to strengthen our workforce by 

investing in skills upgrade and talent 

development programmes so that 

we are well prepared to catch and 

ride the recovery wave. 

Aircraft Maintenance  

&amp; Modification

During the year, we continued to 

build on our value proposition, 

focused on quality and on-time 

redeliveries to customers. These 

efforts paid off in the form of 

several multi-year contract wins for 

airframe MRO. Contracts included 

a multi-year heavy maintenance 

contract to support a Chinese cargo 

airline’s Boeing 767 fleet, a three-

year heavy maintenance contract 

for Alaska Airlines’ A320 fleet and 

a five-year heavy maintenance 

contract to support an international 

air cargo carrier's multiple fleet 

types.

Setting our sights on future needs 

and longer-term demands for 

airframe maintenance, we intend 

to stay the course in our expansion 

plans for our airframe MRO facility 

Executed first engine 

securitisation transaction 

to free up capital for future 

investments including 

engine leasing 

Expanded unmanned 

capabilities with new 

solutions, contracts  

and partnerships

Boosted our conversion 

track record with the 

redelivery of the world’s  

first A321P2F

WHAT WE ACHIEVED IN 2020



OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

AEROSPACE

/  ST ENGINEERING

38


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

in Pensacola, Florida, to better serve 

the markets in North America.  

In Asia-Pacific, we operationalised 

our third hangar in China in early 

2020. The new hangar, which has 

400,000 labour hours capacity at 

steady state, has two widebody 

bays, one of which is fully equipped 

with full painting capability.

We remained focused on growing 

our MRO footprint in key growth 

regions through collaborations 

with potential airline partners. In 

this aspect, we strengthened our 

partnership with Vietnam Airlines, 

our component MRO (JV) partner, 

by entering into an agreement to 

explore establishing an airframe 

MRO JV in Vietnam.

 

Component/Engine Repairs  

&amp; Overhaul

To expand our service offerings 

and capabilities in engine MRO, 

we signed an agreement with CFM 

International to perform MRO 

work on the LEAP-1B engine, the 

exclusive engine for the Boeing 

737 MAX. We are monitoring the 

pandemic situation closely and 

will calibrate the pace of LEAP-

1B setup to match Boeing 737 

MAX return to service. Further to 

LEAP-1B, MRO capability setup for 

A320neo's LEAP-1A engine is also 

in our pipeline, which will greatly 

expand our suite of offerings in 

CFM engines to better support the 

global fleet.

For component MRO, we entered 

into a 10-year agreement with 

Honeywell Aerospace that will 

see us appointed as the only 

licensed MRO service provider 

based in the Asia-Pacific for 

Honeywell components installed 

on the LEAP-series engines. These 

component MRO services will 

play a complementary role to our 

MRO solutions for the LEAP-1A and 

LEAP-1B engine. 

In terms of new orders, we signed 

a heavy maintenance contract for 

up to 40 CFM56-7B engines with an 

Asian air carrier as well as multi-

year engine and component MRO 

contracts with South Korea’s T’way 

Air for its Boeing 737 fleet. We also 

secured engine and component 

MRO contracts from a Southeast 

Asian airline for its entire fleet of 

Boeing 737 and Bombardier Q400. 

Among these are 25 Boeing 737 Max 

planes that the airline plans to add 

to its growing fleet. We also secured 

a three-year landing gear overhaul 

agreement from another Southeast 

Asian airline. 

In nacelle MRO, we secured a five-

year contract to support Qantas’ 

Boeing 737-800 and A330 fleet, 

and another five-year contract from 

LOT Polish Airlines to support their 

Boeing 787 fleet.

Engineering &amp; Materials 

Services

Our strong engineering capabilities 

place us in good stead to power 

through an economic downturn. 

Our design and engineering 

expertise differentiates us from 

pure MRO service providers 

and diversifies the solutions 

and offerings we can provide to 

customers. This stood out especially 

when we were able to quickly help 

airlines design and certify passenger 

aircraft that were temporarily 

modified to increase cargo carrying 

space, as well as to address the 

operators’ needs to disinfect their 

cabin interiors for safe travel in the 

most efficient manner possible.   

Engine Nacelle Solutions 

Due to the drop in production 

rates by aircraft OEMs, our nacelle 

manufacturing output dipped 

correspondingly. Production of our 

biggest nacelle programme, the 

A320neo, fell by about a third to 

match Airbus’ aircraft production 

volume. Notwithstanding the 

current slowdown, we expect the 

total order book for nacelles to 

remain strong in the longer term. 

As part of our long-term growth 

plans, our nacelle manufacturing 

subsidiary in the U.S., Middle River 

Aerostructure Systems (MRAS) 

added CFM56-7B and V2500 engine 

nacelle MRO to its offerings to grow 

its aftermarket services and allow it 





Newly opened hangar at our Guangzhou facility

39

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

AEROSPACE

to provide more integrated nacelle 

solutions to customers. With more 

engine nacelle types such as the 

GEnx engine for Boeing 787 in the 

pipeline, MRAS will continue to 

grow its aftermarket business and 

add more nacelle servicing solutions 

in the near future.

Passenger-to-Freighter 

Conversion

Although the slowdown in world 

trade weighed down on air freight 

volumes, the air cargo industry 

was still in a good position to 

capture growing specialised cargo 

segments such as pharmaceuticals, 

perishables and e-commerce. 

To capture opportunities in the 

resilient air freight market and 

address the shortfall in air cargo 

capacity as a result of grounded 

passenger aircraft, we leveraged 

our PTF and aircraft modification 

expertise to work closely with 

aircraft OEMs, airlines and air freight 

operators to come up with a slew of 

solutions to meet their needs.

During the year, we added the 

world’s first completed A321 

converted freighter, or A321P2F 

to our track record. Through 

Elbe Flugzeugwerke (EFW), our 

Germany-based JV company 

with Airbus, we attained the 

Supplemental Type Certification 

(STC) from the European Union 

Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) for 

our A321P2F in February, before 

redelivering the "head of version" to 

Vallair in mid-2020. 

The heightened interest in our 

A321P2F solution that followed 

our debut redelivery translated into 

greater interest from the market, 

adding to the two A321P2F units that 

aircraft leasing and management 

company, BBAM ordered from us 

earlier in the year. In anticipation of 

greater demand for our A321P2F 

conversion programme, we are 

working to more than double our 

capacity for conversions annually by 

setting up conversion lines in China, 

Germany and the U.S., starting with 

China by inducting our first A321 for 

conversion at our airframe facility in 

Guangzhou in November.

Our A330P2F programme similarly 

gained further traction during the 

year. We secured a number of new 

orders from operators and lessors, 

which included two units from CDB 

Aviation.  

Apart from converting retired 

passenger aircraft into freighters, 

we also helped to turn passenger 

aircraft into temporary cargo planes 

by removing seats to introduce 

cargo carrying capacity to the 

passenger cabin. We applied our 

experience in cabin modification, 

engineering and certification to 

obtain an STC from the Civil Aviation 

Authority of Singapore (CAAS) for 

such a modification, which helped 

Scoot, a Singapore-based carrier, 

launch its first cargo plane in 

August. 

To further help airlines attain 

maximum cargo volume and 

ease cargo loading/unloading, 

we worked on a cabin cargo box 

solution, with each box designed 

to latch safely and securely into 

predefined positions in existing 

tracks meant for passenger seats. 

The box, which can be wheeled 

around, is small enough to fit 

through normal aircraft doors on 

both narrowbody and widebody 

aircraft. 

Cabin Interiors and 

Manufacturing

At the Singapore Airshow 2020, 

we launched a new line of 

lavatories for both commercial 

narrowbody and widebody aircraft, 

which included the world’s first 

expandable aircraft lavatory that 





"Head of version" A321P2F preparing for its test flight

/  ST ENGINEERING

40


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

is designed to create greater 

accessibility and convenience for 

passengers with reduced mobility. 

This innovation is able to increase 

the lavatory's footprint by 40% 

without requiring a reduction in 

galley space or existing seating 

capacity. 

When it comes to manufacturing 

cabin interior and aircraft parts in 

a cost-efficient and just-in-time 

manner, we continued to leverage 

our certification and engineering 

expertise to advance the use of 

additive manufacturing to produce 

cabin parts. We made gains in 

this area when we successfully 

achieved EASA’s STC for additive 

manufactured housing assemblies in 

converted freighters. The milestone, 

made possible through close 

collaboration with industry partners 

and researchers, reflects a higher 

level of maturity in the application 

of two processes, polymer laser 

sintering and direct metal laser 

sintering, to manufacture aircraft 

components. This allows us to 

increase our digital inventory and 

offer a wider range of additive 

manufactured parts to customers.

In light of how the pandemic has 

turned the spotlight on aircraft 

cabin conditions, we applied our 

design and certification expertise 

to develop a suite of solutions 

to meet the need for increased 

personal hygiene and social 

distancing measures during air 

travel. Among these solutions are 

Plasma ResoShield®, a patented 

water-based anti-microbial coating 

certified safe for application in 

cabin interiors, and seat separators 

that can be easily installed without 

requiring the removal of seats, 

to allow for safe distancing and 

segregation between adjacent 

passengers. 

Unmanned Solutions

Our DroNet solution scaled new 

heights as it was deployed in new 

and exciting applications that 

ranged from public security to food 

delivery, paving the way for wider 

use of drone technologies.  

As part of our effort to innovate 

and deliver transformative and 

operationally-ready solutions for 

homeland security, we worked 





National para-powerlifter Kalai Vanen testing the expandable aircraft lavatory at the 

Singapore Airshow 2020

with HTX (Home Team Science and 

Technology Agency), a statutory 

board under the Ministry of Home 

Affairs in Singapore to trial drones 

that can travel long distances 

beyond an operator’s visual line 

of sight with the view of saving 

lives, protecting properties, as well 

as enhancing public safety and 

security. The trials took place in the 

industrial areas in Tuas, Singapore.

We took a big step towards the 

future of food delivery by drones 

when we entered into an agreement 

with delivery platform, foodpanda, 

to trial the use of drones for last-

mile food delivery. In August, we 

carried out a demonstration using 

our drone solution to deliver food 

from a pier to crew members 

onboard a vessel some three 

kilometers offshore. Following that 

success, we moved on to the next 

phase of the collaboration to trial 

drone operations with longer flight 

durations.

During the year, we also continued 

to collaborate with industry partners 

to make significant advancements 

to our DroNet solution by teaming 

up with Wilhelmsen Ships Service 

to develop and test drone solutions 

for shore-to-ship parcel deliveries in 

Singapore. 

Aviation Asset Management

Our joint venture with Marubeni for 

engine leasing, Total Engine Asset 

Management (TEAM), executed the 

sale of a portfolio of aircraft engines 

during the year using an asset 

backed securitisation structure. The 

sale represents a major milestone 

for our engine leasing business, 

allowing us to recycle our capital 

while retaining TEAM’s asset 

manager role to create value for 

lessors through our innovative asset 

management solutions. 

41

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK





Flight demo for foodpanda as part of a collaboration to trial the use of unmanned 

solutions for food delivery

AEROSPACE

Through Keystone Holdings, a joint 

venture with Sojitz Corporation, 

we clinched an agreement with 

Qantas for the conversion and 

leasing of an A321P2F. The aircraft, 

to be converted at our facility in 

Singapore and scheduled to be 

delivered in end-2021, was on lease 

for passenger service to Qantas 

Group at the point of signing. 

The conversion and leasing of a 

freighter that meets an operator’s 

specifications leverages the 

synergy the Group has in innovative 

asset management and freighter 

conversions, reflecting our ability 

to provide integrated, bespoke 

solutions.

OUTLOOK

As we enter into 2021, the 

aviation industry continues to face 

significant uncertainties in the pace 

and timing of recovery in passenger 

traffic. Industry analysts believe that 

passenger traffic volumes will only 

return to pre-COVID levels in 2024 

or beyond. 

Unless major travel restrictions 

are lifted, the low level of aircraft 

in service will continue to have 

repercussions across the aviation 

ecosystem as experienced in 

2020. Investment appetite for new 

aircraft is likely to remain subdued, 

although narrowbody aircraft types 

are still attractive investments from 

a long-term perspective. With 

airlines turning to the sale of aircraft 

assets as a way to manage their 

non-operational fleet, the freighter 

conversion market can take 

advantage of the rise in feedstock 

availability to meet the resilient 

growth in demand for dedicated 

freighters. 

As for the MRO sector, we expect 

further consolidation within the 

industry. Airlines may also outsource 

MRO services more in order to 

focus on their core business. These 

airlines would want to work with 

trusted service providers that can 

provide integrated and quality 

maintenance support as they adapt 

their operations to the evolving 

situation. Given the breadth and 

depth of our MRO services, as well 

as our broad customer base, we are 

ready to seize opportunities that 

may arise.

 

Rationalisation and  

New Growth Areas

In 2020, we exited a number of 

businesses including VIP aircraft 

completions, aircraft seats as well as 

pilot training. These were businesses 

assessed to lack sustained viability 

or deemed not a good fit with our 

growth strategy. We will maintain a 

continuous review of our businesses 

to align our portfolio with strategic 

goals so that we can better direct 

efforts and resources to our strategic 

growth areas. 

And as part of our investment into 

long-term growth, we will also 

maintain a lookout for opportunities 

to acquire new strategic capabilities 

and form strategic partnerships 

with major airlines, gain better 

access to key markets, and establish 

new distribution channels or new 

customer segments.

 

Accelerating Smart Technology 

Applications

Going forward, our MRO 

operations will be increasingly 

automated and paperless. 

Although our drive towards 

robotics and digitisation started a 

few years ago, the pandemic has 

given a fresh impetus to our Smart 

MRO initiatives so that we can be 

/  ST ENGINEERING

42


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT





Technician checking on an engine nacelle, which is a key growth business for 

 the Group

more nimble and productive when 

the market recovers. 

Our smart solutions are either 

developed in partnership with 

vendor-partners or in-house 

innovations that leverage our 

expertise in unmanned systems 

and engineering. One of these 

innovations is DroScan, which 

allows us to use drones to carry 

out General Visual Inspection 

during aircraft maintenance. We 

are the first in Singapore to receive 

authorisation from CAAS to employ 

unmanned solutions for such a 

purpose, and we intend to use it not 

only for our own MRO operations, 

but to also support our customers. 

The application of smart 

technologies does not stop at 

our MRO operations; we aim to 

deploy robotics extensively in our 

OE manufacturing and freighter 

conversion operations as well. 

For instance, we are automating 

the floor grid drilling process of 

freighter conversion, a manual  

job that typically takes over  

45 days, to improve efficiency.  

We will continue to explore how  

to automate low-mix, high-volume 

production systems so that we 

can do more with less, and return 

greater value to our customers.

Maintaining Customer Focus

Customer focus remains a top 

priority in everything we do. We are 

a close partner of our customers, 

and are ready to support them as 

best as we can to confront the 

challenges that the aviation industry 

is facing. 

As the industry strives to get 

back on its feet, we continue to 

support our customers in all their 

maintenance needs to keep their 

fleet operation-ready so that they 

can respond quickly to changes 

in the market. We will also work 

closely with longstanding customers 

who may be facing a cashflow 

constraint situation to ensure that 

their maintenance needs are taken 

care of at all times. 

Strengthening Capabilities  

in OEM and MRO

Using the strengths we possess 

as an integrated aviation solutions 

provider, we are able to bring unique 

and bespoke solutions to the market 

that no pure OEM or MRO provider 

can. For instance, we can provide a 

solution that involves both converting 

and leasing a freighter that meets 

an operator’s specifications by 

leveraging the expertise that we have 

in both aircraft leasing and freighter 

conversions. We will continue to build 

on our diversified yet complementary 

aviation capabilities so that we can 

develop more innovative solutions to 

meet our customers’ evolving needs.  

With the addition of a portfolio in 

the design and manufacturing of 

nacelles, we have grown significantly 

as an OEM. Apart from serving as 

a growth and revenue driver, the 

OE manufacturing business plays 

a complementary and synergistic 

role to our MRO capabilities, which 

we continue to build upon. This can 

be seen in our expansion of MRAS’ 

aftermarket capabilities in nacelles, 

which allows us to grow into a nacelle 

centre of excellence that OEMs and 

operators can leverage for integrated 

solutions and services. Looking ahead, 

we will continue to grow our OEM 

and MRO capabilities, and strive to be 

a world-leading OE manufacturing 

and MRO solutions provider.

43

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




/  ST ENGINEERING

44



/  ST ENGINEERING

44

/  ST ENGINEERING

44

2

020 was a year marked by 

unprecedented challenges 

and headwinds for many 

sectors of the global economy. 

Despite the challenges, we 

continued to perform well across 

our business areas, advancing our 

vision of shaping and transforming 

global smart cities through 

technology and innovation. 

While disruptive on many fronts, 

the pandemic has created new 

opportunities and accelerated 

digitalisation on a global scale. 

With the shift towards digital 

connectivity and remote work, 

we saw increased demand and 

opportunities in cybersecurity, 

secured digital solutions, data 

centre management, cloud 

solutions as well as command  

and control solutions. 

Pivoting with speed and agility, 

we leveraged our technologies 

and deep engineering expertise 

to adapt our smart city solutions 

to help Singapore and countries 

in the region in the fight against 

COVID-19. Our solutions were 

deployed in areas such as 

surveillance and monitoring, 

access control, mass fever 

screening, command, control and 

communications systems and 

public safety and health.

 

Amid business disruptions, we 

employed creative means to 

maintain customer engagement 

and service to ensure their business 

continuity. The commitment to 

serve, coupled with our strong 

track record and reputation, 

contributed significantly to the 

continued growth of our core 

businesses even during this 

challenging time.  

As we continued advancing 

our smart city track record, we 

maintained our focus on R&amp;D 

and embarked on strategic 

OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

ELECTRONICS

collaborations with industry and 

academia to remain at the forefront 

of technology. 

Our partnerships with Montran 

Corporation and Polyverse 

Corporation enhanced our 

capabilities in new domains, enabling 

us to offer critical digital financial 

services and advanced secure 

operating system solutions for 

mission-critical platforms.

We also invested in CloudSphere 

through our Corporate Venture 

Capital fund, accelerating 

and scaling our capabilities in 

Professional and Managed Services 

in public clouds to provide greater 

value to our customers.

Satellite Communications and 

Earth Observation

As a leading satellite 

communications manufacturer 

and solutions provider, we provide 

Successfully integrated 

Newtec and Glowlink with 

U.S.-based iDirect to form 

an enlarged Satcom group

Launched GEOEARTH, a one-

stop cloud-based geospatial 

analytics platform that provides 

immediate access to satellite 

imagery data and analytics

Launched Singapore’s first 

barrier-free Smart Car  

Park at the Nanyang 

Technological University, 

Singapore 

WHAT WE ACHIEVED IN 2020


45

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

superior, leading-edge ground 

infrastructure solutions to power 

connectivity. 

Though the COVID-19 pandemic 

has impacted the aviation, 

maritime, and oil and gas sectors, 

our satellite communications 

business continued its momentum 

in advancing seamless connectivity.

In the maritime market, we made 

our foray into the superyacht 

sector through a partnership with 

Isotropic Networks, leveraging our 

iDirect technology. Our solutions 

were also deployed by Speedcast 

to meet the rising demand for 

connectivity onboard cruise ships, 

as well as by Paratus to provide 

high-speed connectivity to mining 

ships in West Africa. 

We provided our solutions to 

VIVACOM and Telefónica Business 

Solutions to enhance their 

broadcast offerings and network 

coverage in emerging markets, 

and our solutions played a key role 

in a joint effort with our partners 

to provide rural communities 

and remote sites in Peru with 

empowering connectivity. 

Additionally, our industry-leading 

satcom architecture was chosen to 

power O3b mPOWER, SES' next-

generation Medium Earth Orbit 

(MEO) communications system. 

We continued to push the envelope 

in seamless connectivity, driving 

the industry forward through our 

innovations. We participated in 

a successful demonstration of 

high throughput low power VSAT 

return capabilities on the AMOS-17 

satellite, and achieved the world’s 

first live MF-TDMA demonstration 

on Telesat's Low Earth Orbit (LEO) 

satellite. Our solutions also enabled 

the successful integration of a 

commercially available 5G core 

network into a live satellite network 

in the SaT5G project, marking a 

major industry milestone.

We unveiled our next-generation 

MxDMA MRC technology which 

set a new benchmark for network 

performance and efficiency, while 

our iDirect MDM5010 modem broke 

speed records as the industry’s 

fastest VSAT modem. We also 

launched a new IoT Platform-as-

a-Service solution to enable cost-

effective, satellite-based connectivity 

for the industrial IoT market. 

Our geospatial solutions continued 

to facilitate applications such as 

homeland security, humanitarian aid 

and disaster relief, maritime safety 

and security, as well as land resource 

management for governments and 

organisations in the region. We 

launched GEOEARTH, a one-stop 

cloud-based geospatial analytics 

platform that provides immediate 

access to satellite imagery data 

and analytics to help businesses 

derive new insights and accelerate 

decision-making. 

Mobility 

As the only Asian company with 

a full suite of in-house developed 

smart rail electronics solutions, we 

have successfully built a strong 

track record of over 100 projects 

in 48 cities across Asia, the Middle 

East and the U.S. We continued 

to grow our track record with 

several key wins in Singapore and 

the region, including contracts for 

an Integrated Supervisory Control 

System and Communications 

System for the upcoming Jurong 

Region Line. At the same time, 

we continued to expand our rail 

electronics footprint in markets 

such as China, India and Thailand.   

As urbanisation continues to drive 

demand for new transportation 

management solutions to alleviate 

congestion, we launched Singapore’s 

first barrier-free Smart Car Park 

at the Nanyang Technological 

University, Singapore to make 

parking more convenient while 

delivering significant operational 

and maintenance cost savings.





The barrier-free Smart Car Park is paired with our in-house GoParkin mobile app 

that provides real-time information and directions to available car park lots


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

ELECTRONICS

Internet of Things (IoT)

Leveraging our expertise in 

info-communications, software 

technologies and cybersecurity 

as well as our strong network of 

partners, we helped our customers 

embrace predictive analytics and 

automate decision-making to 

derive the benefits of IoT.

Collaborating with the Urban 

Redevelopment Authority of 

Singapore, we contributed our 

expertise in modelling, visualisation 

and sensemaking to co-develop and 

commercialise an Urban Planning 

Solution to support city planning 

and management. Our smart 

lighting solution was installed at 

various public housing estates and 

car parks in Singapore, improving 

energy efficiency and lighting 

experience for residents. We also 

deployed our Wireless Automatic 

Test System for Emergency Lights to 

enhance emergency preparedness 

and to optimise energy efficiency 

and maintenance for buildings.

Overseas, our street light control 

and water advanced metering 

infrastructure solutions were 

deployed in various cities, helping 

to optimise consumption of utilities 

and maintenance. 

Training and Simulation 

Building on nearly 40 years of 

experience in developing cutting-

edge simulation systems, we 

continued to push the limits of 

simulation technology to provide 

faster and more realistic training 

applications to elevate training 

performance and efficiency. 

In Singapore, we secured contracts 

to deliver a 360° virtual simulation 

dome and emergency vehicle 

driving simulators to enhance 

training for the Singapore Civil 

Defence Force. Together with 

SkillsFuture Singapore, we launched 

Skilleto, our Software-as-a-Service 

Training Management Platform for 

the Training and Adult Education 

sector.

Elsewhere, we secured contracts 

to design and install a high-end 

driver-in-the-loop simulator display 

solution for automotive research 

and development in the U.K., and 

to install a VR Cave to support 

multi-disciplinary experiential 

learning needs for the University 

of Huddersfield. In France, we 

equipped the University of Corsica 

with a next-generation immersive 

room, which featured a two-sided 

L-shaped Cave Automatic Virtual 

Environment to support modelling 

and simulation research projects 

for space operations. Together 

with partners CM Labs and KRS 

Solutions, we delivered six Vortex 

Edge Max simulators for German 

construction, education and 

training specialist, Bau Bildung 

Sachsen.

The latest release of MAK ONE, 

our whole-world synthetic 

environment simulation platform, 

also incorporated updates and 

performance improvements, 

enabling our customers to provide 

faster and more realistic training 

applications.

 

Cybersecurity

As a leader in offering trusted, 

indigenous and future-ready 

cybersecurity solutions, we 

have established a full suite of 

capabilities that encompasses the 

entire cybersecurity landscape. 

The COVID-19 pandemic brought 

new cybersecurity issues and 

challenges to the fore. Our teams 

were actively engaged in setting 

up security operations centres, 

and providing enhanced security 

monitoring services and support 

to help government agencies, 

critical infrastructure owners and 

large organisations build their 

cybersecurity posture and enhance 

their cyber resilience.  

At the same time, we continued 

to enhance and future-proof 

our cybersecurity products and 





Next-generation immersive room, featuring a two-sided L-shaped Cave Automatic 

Virtual Environment to support modelling and simulation research projects for the 

University of Corsica, France

/  ST ENGINEERING

46


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

offerings through collaborations 

with established partners. With 

Janus Technologies, we developed 

BIOS-SHIELD™, Asia’s first 

firmware solution with a cloud-

based management portal that 

provides highly secure endpoint 

management and control. We also 

joined forces with the National 

University of Singapore to develop 

superior network encryption 

solutions that leverage quantum 

cryptography technology to 

heighten cybersecurity defence.

Our cybersecurity products 

continued to meet international 

standards for security evaluation. 

Awarded by the Cyber Security 

Agency of Singapore, our Data 

Diode model 328X was certified 

under the Common Criteria and 

our NetCrypt Family Series was 

certified under the National IT 

Evaluation Scheme.

Defence, Public Safety and 

Security 

As the global security landscape 

continues to face increasingly 

complex and unpredictable threats 

to critical infrastructure, air space 

and waters, it remains imperative 

for public safety agencies to be 

equipped to stay ahead of potential 

attacks. 

We continued to deliver robust 

and secure solutions to aid public 

safety agencies in securing key 

installations, critical infrastructures 

and strategic assets, optimising  

their workflows and resources for 

better communications response 

time and outcomes. We were 

appointed to develop an aviation 

management and maintenance 

system for a leading airport 

authority in Asia, and deployed 

our next-generation Perimeter 

Intrusion Detection System for  

our first airport project in the U.S. 

and a global pharmaceutical facility 

based in Singapore. 

In the maritime sector, we 

implemented a first-of-its-kind 

Container Lashing Warning System 

to enable remote on-condition 

monitoring of cargo-securing on 

shipping vessels, and made our first 

foray into the Japanese market with 

a collaboration with a Japanese ship 

owner to accelerate autonomous 

technology for ocean-going vessels. 

In Singapore, we incorporated the 

Autonomast into automomous 

vessels to enhance maritime security 

capabilities, and secured a contract 

with PUB, Singapore’s national water 

agency, to enhance its Intelligent 

Water Management System. 

In defence, we developed an 

Artificial Intelligence (AI)-based 

sensemaking system that interprets 

time-sensitive events to enhance 

emergency response processes. We 

also secured a contract to operate 

live instrumented training systems 

for the upcoming SAFTI City in 

Singapore, to enhance the realism  

of urban warfare training. 

OUTLOOK

Satellite Communications and 

Earth Observation

While 2020 was a challenging year 

for the satellite communications 

sector, industry analysts expect 

the industry to recover in 2021 

and return to growth in 2022. The 

outlook is bright with exciting new 

investments and technological 

advances in both the space and 

ground segments, due to new 

mega, multi-orbit constellations 

that promise thousands of terabits 

of high-speed capacity across the 

globe. New Very High Throughput 

Satellites (VHTS) and High 

Throughput Satellites (HTS) offer 

flexible and dynamic payloads that 

can deliver on-demand bandwidth 

with the ability to control resources, 

ensuring that capacity meets ever-

growing demand for connectivity.  

There are new opportunities to 

align with 5G and MEF standards, 

enabling full orchestration and 

interoperability, and creating true 

seamless hybrid networks that 





Autonomast, an all-in-one modular system that provides smart and safe navigation 

functionalities for unmanned surface vessels

47

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


will fuel new applications such as 

data analytics and AI. We expect to 

leverage advances in virtualisation 

and cloud-based solutions to 

enable massive scale and, in time, 

enable new Anything-as-a-Service 

(XaaS) business models.

Through our leadership position, 

we continue to drive the industry 

forward, partnering with service 

providers and operators to mix 

capabilities from HTS/GEO, LEO  

and MEO satellites to set 

new benchmarks in seamless 

connectivity.

The global earth observation 

industry continues to evolve rapidly. 

With the commercial availability of 

high resolution satellite imagery, 

this is set to drive the emergence 

of new user demands and business 

opportunities.

Mobility 

The rail electronics industry is faced 

with the need to enhance efficiency 

and support complex rail operations 

to enhance commuter experience. 

At the same time, rail operators are 

challenged by ageing infrastructure 

and systems that affect the overall 

availability and reliability of rail 

services. 

This has created a growing demand 

for data-centric asset management 

and operations management 

platforms that leverage advanced 

data analytics and business 

intelligence to improve rail services 

and maintenance. With our 

extensive experience in building 

enterprise asset management 

and integrated control systems, 

coupled with our deep domain 

knowledge in developing and 

integrating complex rail systems, 

we remain at the forefront of 

enabling technologies that help 

rail regulators and operators 

tackle current and future mobility 

challenges. 

Reducing traffic congestion and 

enhancing commuter experience 

continue to drive demand for 

intelligent transport management 

systems. With the global shift 

towards smart city initiatives and 

the gradual adoption of high-

speed 5G network, there is an 

increasing demand to leverage AI, 

machine learning, connected IoT 

and big data analytics to optimise 

real-time monitoring and provide 

valuable insights for optimal traffic 

management. With our track record 

in delivering intelligent transport 

management solutions, we are 

well-positioned to help cities 

accelerate digital transformation in 

the mobility landscape.

Defence, Public Safety and 

Security 

Globalisation and technology 

have transformed the criminal 

landscape, lowering barriers for 

crime syndicates and terrorist 

groups. As threats to critical 

infrastructure, air space and waters 

are set to rise with increasing 

complexity and unpredictability, 

proactive security and crisis 

management as well as effective 

multi-agency coordination for 

rapid emergency response  

remain paramount. 

The intertwining of physical and 

information technology security 

has intensified the need for 

governments, security agencies 

and critical facility owners to  

adopt a holistic approach in their 

defence, deterrence, detection  

and response strategies. To keep 

pace with the ever-challenging 

security landscape, public safety  

infrastructures need to be 

modernised and equipped to 

support integrated security plans. 

We continue to drive pre-

emptive, actionable outcomes 

to reinforce the security posture 

for our customers across the 

OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

ELECTRONICS





The Smart Metro Control Centre is a centralised management system that 

supports city-wide multi-modal transport networks for enhanced service quality 

and commuter experience

/  ST ENGINEERING

48


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

domains of air, land and sea. 

Drawing from the expertise of 

our multidisciplinary teams and 

our in-depth technical know-

how, we incorporate the latest 

technologies in analytics, machine 

learning, AI and biometrics into our 

suite of products and solutions to 

help security forces seize leading 

positions on the physical and  

digital battlefields.

Internet of Things

Continued demand for smart  

city solutions, fuelled by rapid  

urbanisation, enhanced 

connectivity infrastructure and 

growing digitalisation, are set to 

drive the growth of the IoT market 

in both devices and software. 

To support smart city adoption, 

we leverage new technologies 

to simplify complexities and 

streamline IoT deployment. 

Modular and scalable in design, 

our IoT solutions drive smart city 

planning and management and 

address the diverse needs of 

customers across different verticals. 

We operate in a competitive market 

with conditions that are constantly 

evolving. To grow globally 

competitive lines of business, we 

continue to leverage partnerships 

to scale and differentiate ourselves, 

focusing on developing best-in-

class products that deliver high 

performance and reliability.

Training and Simulation 

Advances in simulation and 

immersive technologies 

continue to shape the learning 

environments of the future. With 

cost-effectiveness and scalability 

as key benefits, organisations are 

increasingly adopting simulation 

solutions to achieve better training 

performance, and to support 

experimentation and collaborative 

R&amp;D. 

The increase in operational tempos, 

combined with limited physical 

space and availability for training, 

has also prompted the need to 

employ innovative solutions that 

leverage AI tools, extended reality 

and advanced training analytics to 

provide a wider range of realistic 

scenarios that drive better end-user 

experiences and results. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has 

driven demand for virtual learning 

and simulated training solutions. 

Having deployed more than 100 

training simulators worldwide,  

we are in a good position to tap 

on this growing demand to drive 

enhanced experiential learning  

and performance.  

Cybersecurity

One outcome of the global 

pandemic has been increased 

remote working requirements, 

which have catalysed demand 

for secure connections and 

protection of critical information 

infrastructures. Additionally, 

cybersecurity incidents have 

intensified with increasing 

sophistication, expanding beyond 

IT networks. This has created an 

increased focus in Operational 

Technology (OT) that is at the core 

of essential services. 

To counter the evolving nature of 

cyber threats, governments and 

enterprises around the world are 

projected to ramp up their focus on 

protecting IT and OT infrastructure 

and data while continuing to build 

their indigenous cybersecurity 

capabilities and talent pool. This 

presents major opportunities for 

our cybersecurity and training 

business. With our track record in 

a range of cybersecurity solutions 

for government and commercial 

customers globally, we are well-

positioned to leverage these 

growth opportunities to help our 

customers protect and secure their 

environments.

Smart Digital Building

Even as energy efficiency, 

productivity and sustainability 

continue to be priorities for cities 

and building owners, complying 

with pandemic resilience measures 

and space usage optimisation will 

be new critical considerations in  

the post-pandemic world. An 

increased emphasis on occupant 

wellness and contactless 

experiences will push businesses 

to embrace technologies that drive 

innovation and greater efficiencies 

in these areas. 

Technologies in IoT, AI, data 

analytics and cloud computing 

will continue to be key in making 

available real-time, actionable 

insights and enabling data-based 

decision-making to create a built 

environment that is more efficient, 

sustainable and safer. We continue 

to explore and incorporate new 

technologies into our suite of smart 

building solutions to improve the 

environment and positively impact 

the way people work, live and play.

49

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




/  ST ENGINEERING

50

I

n 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic 

disrupted global economies, 

redefined the way we conduct 

business and thrust robotics and  

digital technologies into the 

forefront as key enablers of the 

Future of Work.

In April, our business continuity 

plans were swiftly set in motion 

when the Singapore government 

announced a set of heightened 

safe distancing measures, which 

significantly reduced movements 

and interactions in public and 

private places, to limit and curb the 

transmission of COVID-19. 

 

However, as a provider of essential 

services, our operations continued 

and we were able to maintain the 

production rate of our current 

programmes.  

 

As the COVID-19 situation evolved 

through the year, we continued to 

engage our customers actively - 

even as international travel came to 

a halt and many defence exhibitions 

and events were cancelled - and 

closely tracked their procurement 

plans for opportunities for our 

range of munitions, weapons and 

platforms solutions.

Defence Business

Despite the challenging operating 

environment, our defence business 

remained stable. We were awarded 

a new contract for additional units  

of Hunter Armoured Fighting 

Vehicle (AFV) for Singapore’s 

Ministry of Defence. 

Working closely with the Centre of 

Excellence for Soldier Performance, 

the Defence Science and 

Technology Agency, DSO National 

Laboratories and partners, we 

designed a Load Bearing System 

(LBS) comprising the Enhanced 

Vest, Body Armour Carrier and 

LBS belt to fit the anthropometric 

profiles of our soldiers and also 

allow for customisation according 

to mission profiles. The enhanced 

vest is made from a strong and 

lightweight proprietary material and 

offers soldiers better comfort with 

improved heat dissipation of up  

to 30%.

 

Since January 2020, Singaporean 

full-time national servicemen in 

combat units have been issued 

with the enhanced Load Bearing 

Vest which is ergonomic and has 

multiple points of adjustments for  

a better fit.

We also won contracts for 

weapons and munitions from 

customers from Asia, the Middle 

East and the U.S. We were able 

to deliver on current contracts 

although there were some export 

delays due to travel restrictions.

Secured contract for additional 

units of Hunter Armoured Fighting 

Vehicles for Singapore's Ministry 

of Defence. Also sealed contracts 

for weapons and munitions from 

customers from Asia and the 

Middle East and the U.S.

WHAT WE ACHIEVED IN 2020

Robotics business expanded 

its footprint in the healthcare 

segment both locally and 

overseas

Set up Integrated Engineering 

Hub to leverage cross-disciplinary 

know-how and specialisations 

across 12 different clusters, from  

tracked and wheeled products 

 to data analytics and  

software engineering



/  ST ENGINEERING

50

/  ST ENGINEERING

50

OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

LAND SYSTEMS


51

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Tapping the growing demand for 

guided munitions, we teamed up 

with Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd 

(IAI) to set up Proteus Advanced 

Systems Pte. Ltd., a 50:50 joint 

venture company (JV) in Singapore. 

The JV leverages the strengths and 

track records of its parent companies 

to market advanced naval missile 

systems, including a next-generation 

anti-ship missile system. 

We also delivered a fleet of next- 

generation Fast Response Cars  

to Home Team Science and  

Technology Agency (HTX).  

A collaborative effort between  

ST Engineering, HTX and the 

Singapore Police Force, the Fast 

Response Car boasts ergonomic 

front seats for easy access, RFID 

sensors and a 360° view that can 

be livestreamed to the Police 

Operations Command Centre. 

The melding of technology and 

functional design enables SPF 

officers to carry out their duties 

effectively and safely. 

At the Singapore Airshow 2020, 

we put up a strong display of our 

latest defence technologies and 

capabilities in the areas of mobility, 

urban warfare as well as soldiers, 

weapons and unmanned systems. 

 

A highlight of the year was winning 

the IES Prestigious Engineering 

Achievement Awards 2020, in 

recognition of the Hunter AFV 

and its engineering achievements. 

We received this award from the 

Institution of Engineers Singapore 

(IES) at its annual IES National 

Engineers Day. 

Robotics and  

Autonomous Vehicles

As part of our Group-wide response to 

Singapore’s fight against COVID-19, 

our robotics solutions were quickly 

configured and deployed at 

Community Care Facilities (CCFs) 

and the Singapore Armed Forces' 

COVID Management Centres to 

perform patrolling, delivery and 

disinfecting duties. At the peak of 

these operations, as many as 40 

TUG autonomous mobile robots 

were deployed at the CCF at 

Changi Exhibition Centre, delivering 

800,000 meals daily to residents. 

These robots played an important 

role by providing immediate staffing 

relief and safe material handling 

in a non-traditional hospital 

environment, while minimising the 

risk of infectious exposure for the 

working teams.

On the business front, the 

pandemic situation resulted in 

many businesses recognising the 

importance of having a robust 

business continuity plan, as well 

as widespread awareness of 

social distancing. This, in turn, 

led to increased interest from 

customers, particularly essential 

service providers like healthcare 





The next-generation Fast Response Car combines technology and functional design 

to allow officers to carry out their duties effectively and safely





The Hunter AFV project team was recognised for the vehicle's engineering feats at 

the IES Prestigious Engineering Achievement Awards 2020


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK



LAND

SYSTEMS

services and production facilities, 

to explore the use of robots at their 

workplaces to automate selected 

processes and comply with safe 

distancing measures. 

Our robotics business continued 

to expand its footprint in the 

healthcare segment both locally 

and overseas. In July, we signed an 

agreement with Kwong Wai Shiu 

Hospital, the biggest nursing home 

in Singapore, to deploy our TUGs 

for meal delivery to its residents. 

We also worked to deploy 10 

TUGs at the Jingzhou ZhongXin 

Hospital（荆州市中心医院荆北新院) 

in Jingzhou, China. With wireless 

integration to the building systems, 

the TUGs are being deployed to 

deliver medicine at the hospital.

Following the successful on-

demand autonomous shuttle 

service trial on Sentosa island 

in 2019, we began preparation 

to pilot two autonomous bus 

services in Jurong Island and 

Singapore Science Park 2. This is 

a collaborative effort led by the 

Alliance for Action on Robotics  

that was convened by the 

Emerging Stronger Taskforce to 

respond to the major shifts in  

the global economy.

In Tel Aviv, Israel, our autonomous 

shuttle was used by the Bar-Ilan 

University Smart Cities Center 

in trials to transport medical 

equipment and patients diagnosed 

with COVID-19. 

We successfully delivered the first 

batch of Automated Direct Current 

Chargers to the Port of Singapore 

Authority (PSA). These have been 

undergoing interoperability tests 

at the new Tuas Megaport since 

September. The PSA Automated 

Guided Vehicle project is also 

progressing well and is currently 

undergoing fabrication works.

Commercial Business and 

Specialty Vehicles

The production of the three-door 

double-deck bus remained on 

track despite disruptions to our 

supply chain during Singapore's 

circuit breaker in April and May, 

and the first bus was delivered in 

the fourth quarter of 2020. We 

also completed the delivery of 20 

electric buses, as well as 111 Euro 6 

two-door double-deck buses. 

We continued our work with 

our local Rail Public Transport 

Operators (PTOs) - SMRT and SBS 

Transit - and expanded our services 

in Electronic Card (e-Card) repairs 

which included repair work of 

e-Cards for SMRT’s Bukit-Panjang 

Light Rail Transit (LRT). 

Our efforts to expand our rail MRO 

services overseas also bore fruit 

when we entered a partnership 

with a train OEM to offer our 

e-Card repair services to overseas 

users in the region.  We also signed 

agreements with rail MRO partners 

from Australia and Malaysia. 



The Group's latest defence technologies and capabilities were on display at the Singapore Airshow 2020

/  ST ENGINEERING

52


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

We are also pursuing opportunities 

with other train OEMs to establish 

in-country support, which will 

not only enable them to achieve 

faster repair turn around time 

which would translate to higher rail 

availability rates for rail PTOs, but 

also minimise potential disruptions 

due to pandemics or other crises. 

Our U.S. businesses in the Road 

Construction Equipment and 

Truck segments were affected by 

reduced demand as a result of the 

COVID-19 pandemic.

With the food services and 

restaurants industry severely 

impacted, our Truck Body 

business, Hackney pivoted to 

new areas such as dry freight to 

meet the demand from increasing 

e-commerce transactions. It also 

added a last mile refrigerated 

van kit to its product offerings in 

response to the increased demand 

for grocery home deliveries. 

Strengthening our  

Engineering Core

Even during the pandemic, we 

remain focused on developing our 

engineering capabilities and talents, 

building on the foundation of 

knowledge and skills accumulated 

over more than five decades.

We set up an Integrated 

Engineering Hub (IEH) to be a 

conduit of knowledge sharing 

across different teams of engineers. 

The IEH aggregates the combined 

expertise and specialisations of 

12 different clusters, from tracked 

and wheeled products to data 

analytics and software engineering. 

Leveraging this cross-disciplinary 

know-how, our engineers now 

have a broader scope and more 

training options when it comes 

to advancing and acquiring new 

skills, as well as access to the latest 

technologies. This will, in turn, 

translate into improved product 

development and innovation for 

our customers.

To further encourage knowledge 

sharing, we conducted monthly 

technology sharing sessions and 

encouraged our engineers to share 

and impart their experiences and 

learnings related to their respective 

areas of expertise. The topics 

ranged from design thinking to 





Up to 40 TUG autonomous mobile robots were deployed at the Community Care Facility at Changi Exhibition Centre

tracked vehicle vibration and noise 

to cybersecurity. We have since 

extended these sessions to our 

industry partners, including NTUC 

Learning Hub, UST Global and 

Beckoff Automation, for two-way 

sharing.

We have also digitally transformed 

our MRO capabilities through 

digitisation, automation and real-

time monitoring of operations. Our 

new Integrated MRO Operations 

Centre (IMOC) combines data 

fusion and analytics to enhance 

situational awareness, enabling 

better informed decisions. 

With integrated connectivity and  

enhanced ability to predict data 

insights, we are now better 

equipped to plan and execute 

MRO services with greater success 

certainty for our customers. 

 

OUTLOOK

As countries focus on fighting 

the pandemic and getting their 

economies back on track, defence 

expenditure is likely to remain flat 

or diverted, with possible delays 

53

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

LAND

SYSTEMS

in major procurement plans. 

Nevertheless, we continue to work 

towards growing our presence in 

key markets through establishing 

strong partnerships and expanding 

our portfolio of flagship solutions 

and platforms. 

With applications spanning 

both defence and commercial 

domains, demand for robotics 

and automation solutions is set 

to remain strong. In defence, 

manned-unmanned teaming 

(MUMT) is a fast-growing area 

in the realisation of the digital 

battlefield. As a capability, MUMT 

integrates a range of robotics, 

autonomous and automation 

technologies to enable effective 

force augmentation through 

seamless man-machine 

interaction. As a concept of 

military operations of the 

future, MUMT harnesses these 

technologies to gain an overmatch 

advantage over adversaries, and  

at the same time, improves the  

survivability, lethality and 

intelligence of armed forces.

In addition to perennial issues 

like productivity, an ageing 

workforce and higher labour 

costs, companies and healthcare 

providers are looking for effective 

ways to address current pandemic 

challenges including keeping 

service providers safe, minimising 

contact, and contingency planning 

for similar future disruptions. 

Customers are also expected to 

resume some of their investments 

on projects which were delayed in 

2020 due to business and supply 

chain disruptions. 

For the manufacturing segment, 

we see increasing demand for 

integrated automation solutions 

across the value chain. As 

the interoperability of robotic 

systems becomes an important 

requirement for end users, we 

will continue to work with local 

technology agencies to ensure 

that our robotic solutions are 

compatible, and can interact 

with multiple robot fleets from 

different manufacturers as well as 

other information technology and 

operational technology (IT/OT) 

devices.

Another area for business growth 

is in the realm of augmented 

reality and mixed reality (AR/MR). 

From public and healthcare 

institutions to militaries and 

security forces to commercial 

organisations, there is increasing 

interests and demand as 

advancements in technology 

afford more immersive 

experiences for a wide range of 

applications. 

Besides being the only Microsoft 

Hololens Mixed Reality Partner in 

Singapore, our Kinetics Training 

Solutions unit was appointed the 

only Authorised Device Reseller for 

HoloLens 2 when it was launched 

during the year. This is a nod to 





Our augmented reality and mixed reality capabilities are used for training modules and courseware by customers in the 

healthcare, transport and government sectors

/  ST ENGINEERING

54


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

our full capabilities to develop MR 

applications. 

Our suite of solutions and 

hardware includes MR guided 

workflow for training, operations 

and inspections; Microsoft Remote 

Assist; portable MR team based 

simulation training, holographic 

design visualisers and other 

customised applications. We have 

also partnered PTC Inc., a global 

software solutions company listed 

on the NASDAQ, to scale up AR/MR 

in the region.

 

In 2021, we will see the continued 

delivery of the three-door double-

deck city buses. In addition to 

trialling electric bus operations, we 

also expect to support Singapore's 

Land Transport Authority in testing 

the conversion of mid-life diesel 

buses to all-electric systems.  

One of the key challenges during 

COVID-19 was managing the 

disruptions in production and supply 

chains, particularly when suppliers 

are based overseas. To mitigate 

future disruptions, we will put in 

place proactive measures to identify 

alternative sources, suppliers and 

materials as well as establish a 

strong local supplier base.

We will continue on our digital 

transformation journey to 

improve operational efficiency 

and optimise resource allocation 

in our production lines and MRO 

services. The use of technology, 

such as AR and robotics in our 

processes has helped us increase 

productivity and achieve better 

and more consistent quality. Our 

customers also benefited from the 

use of real-time data monitoring 

for more accurate predictive 

maintenance, as well as improved 

fleet availability due to faster 

turnaround time for depot repairs. 





We continue our digital transformation journey to increase productivity and achieve higher quality standards

55

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /






long with the general 

economy, the global 

shipping and maritime 

industry was buffeted by the 

COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. 

Container ships, oil tankers and 

offshore supply vessels were forced 

to operate in a limited fashion as 

the industry took measures to 

ensure business continuity and limit 

disruptions to supply chain. 

We were not immune, especially 

after Singapore implemented a 

two-month circuit breaker in April 

and May to curb the spread of the 

virus. Measures were introduced to 

limit the movement of people while 

the workplaces of non-essential 

businesses had to shut. As we are 

classified as a provider of essential 

services, our yards were able to 

continue operations. 

Our workforce was, however, 

greatly impacted as virus clusters 

broke out in dormitories housing 

our migrant workers. These places 

were locked down to contain 

further spread of the virus, which 

disrupted our operations as our 

workers were in quarantine. Our 

yard operations were only able 

to pick up the pace in June, after 

workers were gradually allowed to 

return to work. 

As a result of the pandemic, 

transportation around the world 

grounded to a halt, causing fuel 

demand to plunge and oil prices  

to plummet to an all-time low.  

Oil and gas companies and related 

industries implemented cost-

cutting measures to either reduce 

or defer their capital expenditures. 

These affected our shipbuilding and 

environmental engineering projects 

as many oil majors chose to defer 

their capital expenditures until oil 

prices stabilised.

OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

MARINE

Expanded product offerings 

to include renewables by 

developing designs of green 

and sustainable vessels

Secured a contract to 

design and build a Materials 

Recovery Facility for 

Singapore’s largest Integrated 

Waste Management Facility

Remained resilient and 

focused on delivering 

existing contracts

WHAT WE ACHIEVED IN 2020

Despite these challenges that 

resulted in some project delays, we 

remained focused on delivering 

our existing projects. We were also 

in close, regular communications 

with our customers to keep them 

updated of our progress in project 

delivery. 

Steadfast Focus

In 2020, we remained focused 

on pursuing opportunities in the 

defence segments in Singapore 

and the U.S., which were less 

impacted by COVID-19. Besides 

achieving key milestones in our 

ongoing shipbuilding projects, we 

continued to build on our position 

as a total naval solutions provider. 

We continued to build our core 

capabilities and capitalised on 

opportunities in the specialised 

vessels segments like Diving Support 

Vessels, Fishing Trawlers, and 

Floating Power Plants; and other 

A

/  ST ENGINEERING

56




CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

high speed aluminium boats which 

aligns with our build experience  

and expertise, to weather the 

ongoing storm. 

Throughout the year, our 

Singapore and U.S. yards made 

good progress in shiprepair and 

rig repair, in the areas of project 

execution and development of 

business opportunities. We also 

made inroads in our environmental 

engineering business as we 

continued to grow our process 

engineering capabilities, while 

leveraging our proven track record. 

Sustainability is an integral part of 

how we do business. Addressing  

the challenges faced by our 

customers, we have continually 

innovated to develop green 

solutions that support their 

sustainability strategies. Besides 

leveraging our capabilities to  

support our customers in 

retrofitting and installing of 

ballast water treatment systems, 

hybrid propulsion, dual-fuelled 

LNG electric propulsion, we are 

also pivoting to the renewables 

segment by developing designs 

of green and sustainable vessels, 

such as Service Operation Vessels 

and Fast Crew Boats, to address 

the operational needs of today's 

offshore renewables industry. 

Shipbuilding

On the naval front, we won a 

12-month industrial study contract 

to perform trade-off studies and 

analyses for the auxiliary general 

ocean surveillance ship (T-AGOS(X)) 

programme from the U.S. Navy. 

This new class series will ultimately 

replace the existing fleet of four 

T-AGOS 19 and one T-AGOS 23 

small waterplane area twin-hull 

ships, which are reaching the end of 

their service lives. 

During the year, the U.S. Navy 

exercised the option for the fourth 

Auxiliary Personnel Lighter-Small 

(APL(S)) Class berthing barge. 

We expect to deliver the first 

three berthing barges in 2021. 

Construction of the fourth  

berthing barge is expected to be 

completed end-2021. If the U.S. 

Navy exercises its remaining options 

for two additional units, the total 

contract value would be in excess  

of US$244m. 

We also delivered America’s first 

offshore Liquefied Natural Gas 

Articulated Tug and Barge (LNG ATB 

Tug) unit to marine transportation 

company Q-LNG Transport. The 

LNG ATB Tug will supply LNG 

to marine customers along the 

Southern East Coast of the U.S., and 

support growing cruise line demand 

for LNG marine fuel.

Progress on the Polar Security 

Cutter contract, awarded by the U.S. 

Coast Guard in 2019, remained on 

track. Our U.S. yard has brought in 

new technologies such as robotic 

welding machines and plasma 

cutters for the construction of 

this highly specialised vessel, to 

upgrade our steel cutting capacity 

and expertise to the next level. Our 

entire build position, translation 

and launch process was overhauled 

to handle the weight of the Polar 

Security Cutter as we work towards 

the first delivery in 2025.

To meet the demands of this 

newbuild programme, our U.S. 

yard will double its workforce and 

train them to be future-ready. 

We launched an apprenticeship 

programme with the Mississippi 

Gulf Coast Community College in 

September that was approved by 

the U.S. Department of Labor.  

This apprenticeship programme 

will build a pipeline of skilled 

shipbuilders and also create jobs 

in Mississippi, benefitting the 

shipbuilding industry as a whole. 





Awarded the U.S. Navy's contract to construct the fourth APL(S) Class berthing barge

57

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

MARINE

In Singapore, we handed over 

the first pair of Fast Patrol Boats 

to the Police Coast Guard in the 

last quarter of 2020 and we look 

forward to making more deliveries 

in 2021. This latest series of Fast 

Patrol Boats is the newest addition 

to the Police Coast Guard’s existing 

fleet to strengthen its coast 

protection capabilities.

On the commercial front, the 

Floating Power Plant, Estrella del 

Mar III, which was awarded jointly 

with Siemens, will be delivered in 

2021 to the Dominican Republic. 

Upon completion, Estrella del Mar III 

will provide affordable, clean and 

green energy to the Dominican 

people. 

Ship and Rig Repair

The commercial ship and rig repair 

market remains highly competitive 

with pricing and scheduling as key 

considerations during the award of 

a tender. When oil prices hit their 

trough in March, oil majors scaled 

down their capital expenditures 

for exploration, and rig owners 

consequently reduced their demand 

for services and their maintenance 

spend. 

However, our continued 

engagements with potential 

customers paid off as we secured  

several ship and rig repair and 

conversion projects. We have 

a pipeline of ship and rig repair 

projects in niche areas such 

as complex repairs and the 

refurbishment of dredgers, 

conversion of offshore supply 

vessels into seismic support vessels, 

and the retrofitting of scrubbers and 

ballast water treatment systems.

Environmental Engineering

Our environmental engineering 

capabilities position us well to 

contribute to a more sustainable 

world, aligning with the Group’s 

focus. In the area of solid waste 

management, we are a part of a 

consortium with Keppel Seghers 

and China Harbour that clinched  

an engineering, procurement 

and construction contract worth 

about $1.5b for the development 

of a Waste-To-Energy facility 

and a Materials Recovery Facility 

for Singapore’s new Tuas Nexus 

Integrated Waste Management 

Facility (IWMF). Our 21% share of 

works involves the construction 

of the Materials Recovery Facility, 

power-island and the balance of 

plant. When fully operational in 

2024, the facility will be an integral 

part of Singapore’s National 

Environment Agency’s long-term 

plan for the country to become a 

Zero Waste Nation.

In the areas of water and 

wastewater management, 

we expect the Jurong Island 

Desalination Plant to be operational 

from mid-2021. As Singapore’s fifth 

desalination plant, it is expected 

to produce 30 million gallons 

of water daily. After overcoming 

major disruptions in the supply of 

materials and manpower, the plant 

will be moving to the testing and 

commissioning phase in 1Q2021.





The Fast Patrol Boat is the latest addition to Singapore Police Coast Guard's 

existing fleet in strengthening its coastal protection capabilities

/  ST ENGINEERING

58


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Innovations of Tomorrow

It is all hands on deck when it 

comes to smart technologies and 

innovations to enhance operational 

efficiencies. AquaNerva is our in-

house smart water solution that 

provides data analytics and machine 

learning algorithms to perform 

condition monitoring, predictive 

diagnostics and prognostics. 

It enables the monitoring of 

equipment to allow real-time 

predictions and analysis.

We also successfully completed 

the sea trials of the Smart Maritime 

Autonomous Vessel (SMAV) 

within 15 months from project 

commencement. SMAV is a 

fully autonomous tug that was 

converted from a manned harbour 

tug owned and operated by PACC 

Offshore Services Holdings. 

The trial, the first-of-its-kind, was 

conducted in Singapore waters 

in various scenarios with varying 

speeds up to 8 knots, while the 

vessel was in autonomous waypoint 

navigation mode. 

The autonomous tug incorporates 

key features such as collision 

detection and collision avoidance; 

remote centralised control and 

health monitoring of onboard 

systems; and forward-looking 

maintenance capabilities such as 

condition-based maintenance, 

predictive diagnostics, and 

prognostics on critical shipboard 

systems. The SMAV is on to its next 

phase of development, focusing 

on demonstrating our NERVA 

Sensemaking System for predictive 

diagnostics and maintenance of 

critical shipboard systems. This is 

projected to be completed in 2021.

To explore opportunities in 

the offshore wind industry, we 

collaborated with NautiCraft 

to look at ways to incorporate 

its patented marine suspension 

technology into our vessels. We 

completed a preliminary design of 

a 20m crew transfer vessel (CTV) 

that vastly improves the operating 

window of a CTV in-service 

installing and maintaining offshore 

wind turbines, and we look forward 

to similar collaborations that 

benefit the industry.

Safety as a Priority

In recognition of our commitment 

in ensuring our employees’ safety, 

our U.S. yard received the 2019 

Safety Award from American Equity 

Underwriters (AEU), making us one 

of 25 companies among 1,400 

members of the AEU to receive 

this award. In Singapore, we were 

awarded the Good Safety Record 

Award by the Republic of Singapore 

Navy. We strongly believe in 

fostering a safety culture and  

these accolades are evidence of 

the work that we do to ensure that 

our employees return home to 

their loved ones, safe and sound, 

every day.





Artist impression of Singapore's first Integrated Waste Management Facility

59

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




OUTLOOK

The outlook for the marine 

industry continues to be subdued 

due to slow global economic 

growth, rising trade tensions and 

geopolitical risks. The industry 

continues to be plagued with 

excess capacity and intense 

competition.

The call for decarbonisation 

remains and the industry continues 

to push for the use of green fuels 

such as LNG and fuel cells to meet 

International Maritime Organisation 

(IMO)’s stricter regulations. We are 

in a favourable position to break 

new business frontiers and ride on 

the momentum of greener fuels, in 

the areas of shipbuilding, repair and 

retrofitting.

Shipbuilding

Our core remains the defence 

segment and we continue to 

pursue opportunities in countries 

like Kuwait, Oman, Saudi Arabia, the 

United Arab Emirates, Singapore, 

as well as the U.S. In pursuing 

this growth, we remain open to 

collaborating with partners to 

deliver local content. We have also 

been agile and responsive to the 

growing demand for unmanned 

capabilities and have developed a 

range of unmanned surface vessels 

for coastal security and surveillance 

to meet the increasing need for 

autonomous craft for both military 

and paramilitary applications.

On the commercial front, the 

trend is for major shipbuilders to 

seek opportunities in renewables 

given the push for decarbonisation. 

Besides interests in offshore 

renewables vessels, floating power 

plants also meet the constant 

demand for power generation 

in a green and sustainable way. 

Given our strong track record, 

bolstered by our design expertise 

and engineering capabilities, we 

continue to pursue opportunities in 

these niche segments.

In the area of specialised vessels, 

there is a renewed interest in 

offshore installation vessels to meet 

the demands of operators with

specific requirements for diving 

support vessels. Leveraging our 

past successes and track record to 

achieve wins in specialised vessels, 

we remain focused to capitalise on 

opportunities in this segment.

Ship and Rig Repair

Our ability to repair and convert 

offshore supply vessels and 

seismic support vessels reliably 

within a short period of time will 

allow us to leverage the floating 

production system market for 

further growth. We see opportunities 

for the conversion of specialised 

vessels such as floating power 

plants, floating gas platform units, 

service operation vessels and 

stone dumpers as market demand 

increases. 

As one of the largest repairers of 

dredgers in Southeast Asia, we 

are confident we can ride on the 

spike in demand for dredging 

and reclamation activities in the 

region when the global economy 

recovers. Singapore continues to 

be a preferred place for dredger 

owners for repairs and upgrades.

In the U.S., our strategic location, 

excellent infrastructure and 

competent workforce put us in 



The Service Operation Vessel is designed based on our innovative eco-hull 

for low fuel consumption and enhanced seakeeping characteristics

OPERATING

REVIEW &amp; OUTLOOK

MARINE

/  ST ENGINEERING

60


a good position to ride on the 

gradually recovering rig activities 

in the area. We will actively 

pursue opportunities in the area 

of upgrading of drilling systems 

and installation of ballast water 

treatment system to meet the 

IMO's new regulations. 

Environmental Engineering

Globally, the ageing infrastructure 

of solid waste treatment facilities 

present opportunities. We are seeing 

an increase in demand for potable 

water in key industrial areas, cities 

and new economic zones in China, 

Thailand and Vietnam.

As these are mega infrastructure 

projects, we will continue to look 

for like-minded strategic partners 

to collaborate on implementing 

smart technologies and expanding 

our market outreach. Our recent 

wins in Singapore place us in a 

strong position to bag more local 

and international contracts in the 

future.

Charting Future Growth in 2021

The pandemic has caused a 

ripple effect across various 

industries, leading to economic 

and labour market disruptions. 

Notwithstanding that, we will 

continue to innovate and enhance 

our product offerings, diversify 

our revenue streams into the 

specialised vessel segment, and 

leverage smart technologies to 

improve operational efficiencies.

Come 2021, the digitalisation of our 

shipyard operations is expected to 

be completed. Smart technologies 

such as digital twin simulation, 

seamless data exchange, and  

smart ship systems that include  

3D modelling-based concept 

design and robotics automation 

will transform the way we do 

business. In addition, construction 

of our new smart yard in Tuas, 

Singapore, is well underway and we 

will continue to integrate the digital 

thread into our people, operations, 

products and solutions.

Backed by our solid track record, 

sound financial standing and strong 

capabilities, we are confident that 

we will weather this crisis and 

emerge better-positioned for the  

future.





Ocean BlackLion drillship from Diamond Offshore and Valaris Reliance drillship from Valaris undergoing works in our U.S. facility

61

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


TOTAL ASSET

BY GEOGRAPHY

FY2020 FINANCIAL RESULTS IN LINE  

WITH EXPECTATIONS

The Group’s FY2020 financial results were in line 

with our guidance at our quarterly Market Updates. 

We managed to keep balanced keel amid COVID-19 

because of the Group's underlying strengths 

and various mitigating factors including our cost 

reduction initiatives and government support.  

In FY2020, the Group generated revenue of $7.2b, 

9% lower than the year before. Profit before tax was 

$534.4m, a reduction of 23% year-on-year (y-o-y), 

and Profit attributable to shareholders (Net Profit) 

was 10% lower y-o-y at at $521.8m.  

Economic Value Added decreased by 10% y-o-y to 

$286.4m.  

The Group ended the year with a strong order book 

of $15.4b, of which $5.3b is expected to be delivered 

in 2021.  

The Board has recommended to pay shareholders 

a final dividend of 10.0 cents per share. Together 

with the interim dividend of 5.0 cents per share paid 

in September 2020, shareholders will receive total 

dividend of 15.0 cents per share for FY2020.

FINANCIAL POSITION

 

As at 31 December 2020, the Group's total asset of 

$9,561m were comparable to prior year.

FINANCIAL 

REVIEW

/  ST ENGINEERING

62

Asia  U.S.   Europe   Others

Asia  U.S.   Europe   Others

2020

(%)

52

28

18

2

2019

(%)

52

29

17

2

2019

TOTAL ASSET DEPLOYMENT

($m)

10,000

Property, Plant   

&amp; Equipment

and Right-of-Use Assets

Intangibles and

Other Assets

Inventories

Trade Receivables, 

Contract Assets, and 

Advances and Other 

Receivables

Bank Balances and  

Other Liquid Funds

0

6,000

2,000

4,000

8,000

2020

9,521

9,561


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

CAPITAL EMPLOYED

($m)

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

BY GEOGRAPHY

63

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

The average capital employed in FY2020 was $5,519m, 

an increase of $702m from $4,817m in FY2019.  The 

higher average capital employed was attributable 

mainly to the full year effect of increased borrowings 

to fund acquisitions made in FY2019.

Capital Expenditure

In FY2020, the Group invested $196m (2019: $295m) 

in capital expenditure, attributable to Aerospace 

($87m), Electronics ($36m), Land Systems ($24m), 

Marine ($30m) sectors and Others ($19m). The Group 

continued to invest in capacity and capability buildup 

to support customer programmes during the year 

while reducing discretionary capital expenditure as part 

of the Group’s cost reduction initiatives.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

BY SECTOR

Aerospace  Electronics  Land Systems  Marine  Others

Aerospace  Electronics  Land Systems  Marine  Others

44

19

12

15

10

2020

(%)

61

20

10

3

6

2019

(%)

2020

(%)

2019

(%)

54

60

33

18

11

21

2

1

Asia  U.S.   Europe   Others

Asia  U.S.   Europe   Others

2019

6,000

Others

Equity

Borrowings

1,000

0

4,000

2,000

3,000

5,000

2020

4,817

5,519


Available

2019

15.2

Utilised

2019

3.7

FINANCIAL 

REVIEW

/  ST ENGINEERING

64

TREASURY MANAGEMENT 

Given its international operations, the Group is exposed 

to various financial risks including foreign exchange, 

liquidity, interest rate and credit risks. The Group has 

established treasury policies and guidelines to mitigate 

these risks. 

Treasury activities are handled by the Group’s wholly 

owned treasury entity, ST Engineering Treasury Pte. Ltd. 

(STET), to ensure effective management of the Group’s 

liquidity and financial risk exposures.  

To support its long-term strategy to enhance shareholder 

value, the Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, 

ST Engineering RHQ Ltd. (STE RHQ) and STET, 

established a S$5b Multicurrency Medium Term Note 

Programme (the Programme) guaranteed by the parent 

company, ST Engineering (the Guarantor) on 18 March 

2020. Under the Programme, the subsidiary nominated 

by the Guarantor (Issuer or New Issuer) may from time to 

time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency 

agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 

dealer(s) for each issue of the Notes. On 29 April 2020, 

STE RHQ issued a US$750m 1.50% Notes due 2025. The 

net proceeds of this issue were used mainly to refinance 

the Group's outstanding U.S. Commercial Paper (USCP).

The Group has achieved several major milestones from 

its funding initiatives since September 2019: 

1. The first non-bank Singapore company to set up a 

USCP programme. 

2. The lowest bond coupon/yield achieved for a 5-year 

U.S. dollar bond issuance by a Singapore corporate.

3. The first engine-backed securitisation originated by a 

lessor headquartered in Asia Pacific.

The funding solutions allowed the Group to react swiftly 

to potential opportunities around the globe and to 

generate substantial savings on financing cost. With the 

demonstration of exceptional best practice, innovation, 

and delivering real business impact with its funding 

solutions, ST Engineering clinched the Best Funding 

Solution award at the Adam Smith Awards Asia 2020.

Banking Facilities 

The Group has banking facilities of approximately $16.6b 

(2019: $15.2b) as at 31 December 2020 to support 

business operations in the areas of trade finance, hedging 

and credit. 

As at 31 December 2020, the Group has utilised $3.7b 

or 22% of its total available facilities (2019: $3.7b or 24%) 

with $12.9b or 78% (2019: $11.5b or 76%) remaining 

available.

BANKING FACILITIES*

($b)

*  excludes US$0.7b committed revolving credit facility to 

backstop USCP

16,0

Foreign Exchange

Trade Finance

Interest Rates Swaps

&amp; Cross Currency 

Swaps

Loans

4.0

0

8.0

12.0

Available

2020

16.6

Utilised

2020

3.7


2019

2,338

2019

2,338

2019

2,338

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

65

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

Foreign Exchange 

The Group has receivables and payables denominated 

in foreign currencies. Where possible, the Group offsets 

currency exposures across its business units before 

hedging remaining currency exposures in the market via 

foreign exchange forward contracts. The main currencies 

transacted in 2020 for the Group were USD and EUR. 

During the year, the Group engaged in approximately 

$4.2b (2019: $2.6b) equivalent of foreign exchange 

transactions. As at 31 December 2020, $1.0b (2019: $1.1b) 

remained as outstanding foreign exchange transactions. 

Liquidity 

The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, stood at $0.7b as 

at 31 December 2020 (2019: $0.5b).  

Borrowings 

The Group’s borrowings including lease obligations were 

lower at $2.0b as at 31 December 2020 (2019: $2.3b). 

In line with managing refinancing risk, proceeds from 

issuance of the US$750m 1.50% Notes due 2025 in April 

2020, were used to reduce the issued and outstanding 

USCP to about US$0.3b (S$0.4b equivalent) as at 31 

December 2020. 

Apart from the Notes, USCP and lease obligations, the 

Group’s borrowings also comprised short-term and long-

term loans from banks.

BORROWING PROFILE 

BY MATURITY

($m)

BORROWING PROFILE 

BY CURRENCY

($m)

BORROWING PROFILE 

BY FIXED AND 

FLOATING RATES

($m)

2,500

2,500

2,500

1 Year

SGD

USD

1 to &lt; 5 years

Fixed

EUR

&gt; = 5 years

Floating

RMB

1,000

1,000

1,000

500

500

500

0

0

0

1,500

1,500

1,500

2,000

2,000

2,000

2020

2,047

2020

2,047

2020

2,047


FINANCIAL 

REVIEW

/  ST ENGINEERING

66

INTEREST COVER RATIO 

The Group’s interest cover ratio decreased to 11.2 

times in FY2020 (2019: 15.7 times). The lower interest 

cover was due mainly to lower profits while interest 

expense increased due to the full year effect  

of acquisitions made in FY2019 partially offset by the 

effect of lower interest rates.

The Group ended the year with cash and cash 

equivalents of $729m, an increase of $277m from 

FY2019.

Operating Activities

The Group generated net cash of $$1,533m from 

operating activities in FY2020, as compared to $590m 

in FY2019. The increase was largely due to favourable 

working capital movements from contract liabilities 

due mainly to advances received from customers as 

well as lower trade receivables and contract asset 

balances.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities in FY2020 of $295m 

was mainly attributable to the Group’s investment in 

property, plant and equipment by Aerospace ($92m), 

Electronics ($35m), Land Systems ($24m), Marine ($30m) 

sectors and Others ($19m), additions to other intangible 

assets ($87m), and loan to associates and joint ventures 

($19m).

Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities of $959m in 

FY2020 was mainly attributable to net repayment of 

commercial papers ($1,046m) and bank loans ($373m), 

the payment of FY2019 final dividend and FY2020 

interim dividend ($468m), repayment of lease liabilities 

($61m) and interest paid ($58m), partially offset by 

proceeds from issuance of MTN ($1,058m).

TAX

The Group’s effective tax rate for 2020 was 2%  

(2019: 15%). The lower effective tax rate was largely 

due to non-taxable payouts under the Jobs Support 

Scheme received from the Singapore government as 

well as tax adjustments in respect of prior years.

FY2019

FY2020

Gross Debt ($m)

2,444

2,062

Gross Debt / Equity Ratio

1.0

0.8

Net Debt ($m)

1,992

1,333

Net Debt / Equity Ratio

0.8

0.5

2019

2020

16X

12X

4X

8X

1,000

554

44.8

49.6

0

0X

INTEREST

COVER RATIO

PBT before Associates / Joint 

Ventures and Interest Expenses

Interest

Expenses

Interest

Cover

701

CASH FLOW

The Group generated strong operating cash flow of 

$1,533m in FY2020. Gross debt/equity ratio decreased 

from 1.0 time in FY2019 to 0.8 times in FY2020 as the 

Group reduced its borrowings during the year.

($m)

15.7X

11.2X


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

67

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The Group’s financial statements and balance sheet 

of the Company are prepared in accordance with 

Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) 

(SFRS(I)). The significant accounting policies are 

presented at the end of each Notes to the Financial 

Statements (pages 158 to 285).

The Group has applied the same accounting policies 

and methods of computation in the preparation of the 

financial statements for the current reporting period 

compared with the audited financial statements as at  

31 December 2019 except for the adoption of  

SFRS(I)s, amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) 

that are mandatory for financial year beginning on or 

after 1 January 2020. The adoption of these SFRS(I)s, 

amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) did not 

have a material impact on the financial statements of 

the Group.

 

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

1,500

-1,500

1,000

500

-2,000

2,000

-500

-1,000

Operating

Activities

Investing

Activities

Financing

Activities

590

720

(295)

(959)

1,533

(1,273)

0

CASH FLOWS

($m)

2020

2019

2016

2020

2017

2018

2019

20

10

0

15

5

-5

-10

-15

-20

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN

(%)

Capital Gain

Dividend Yield

4.8

4.0

12.9

3.9

(3.0)

4.6

4.4

7.1

12.1

11.5

16.9

0.9

5.5

7.3

0.9

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN  

ST Engineering paid an interim ordinary dividend of  

5.0 cents per share to shareholders in September 2020 

and has recommended a final dividend of 10.0 cents 

per share to shareholders at the forthcoming Annual 

General Meeting. The total dividend per share (DPS) 

for FY2020 would be 15.0 cents. Based on the average 

share price of $3.88, the DPS of 15.0 cents translates to 

a dividend yield of 3.9%.

ST Engineering’s share price ended the year at $3.82, 

a 3% decrease y-o-y, but outperformed Straits Times 

Index which fell 12% in the same period. With a 

dividend yield of 3.9%, ST Engineering generated a total 

positive shareholder return of 0.9%. 


FINANCIAL 

REVIEW

/  ST ENGINEERING

68

ECONOMIC VALUE ADDED (EVA)

The Group’s FY2020 EVA attributable to shareholders of the Company of $286.4m was 10% or $30.6m lower than 

that of FY2019. The decrease in EVA was mainly attributable to lower Net Operating Profit after Taxation, partially 

offset by lower capital charge.

EVA Statement

2020

$m

2019

$m

Profit before tax

534.4

695.2

Adjust for:

 Interest expenses

57.4

50.5

 Others

1.6

40.0

Adjusted profit before interest and tax

593.4

785.7

Cash operating taxes (Note 1)

(62.3)

(191.0)

Net operating profit after taxation – (a)

531.1

594.7

Average capital employed (Note 2)

5,519.0

4,816.9

WACC (Note 3) (%)

4.5

5.6

Capital charge

(248.4)

(269.7)

Adjustment to capital charge (Note 4)

(11.2)

(13.5)

Adjusted capital charge – (b)

(259.6)

(283.2)

EVA – [(a) – (b)]

271.5

311.5

Non-controlling interests' share of EVA

14.9

5.5

EVA attributable to shareholders of the Company

286.4

317.0

Note 1: The reported current tax is adjusted for the statutory tax impact of interest expense.

Note 2: Monthly average equity plus interest bearing liablities and general provisions.

Major Capital Components:

($m)

Borrowings

2,491.2

Equity

2,750.5

Others

277.3

5,519.0

Note 3: The Weighted Average Cost of Capital is calclulated in accordance with ST Engineering Group EVA Policy as follows:

(i) 

Cost of Equity using Capital Asset Pricing Model with market risk premium at 5.0%

(ii) Risk-free rate of 0.91% (2019 @ 2.16%) based on yield-to-maturity of Singapore Gevernment 10-year Bonds;

(iii) Ungeared beta at 0.72 (2019 @ 0.72) based on ST Engineering risk categorisation; and

(iv) Cost of Debt at 2.10% (2019 @ 3.17%) using actual cost of the borrowings.

Note 4: Adjustment on deferred capital charge on some acquisitions.


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

69

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

VALUE ADDED 

The Group’s total value added for FY2020 of $3,001m was 14% lower as compared to that of FY2019.

Value Added Statement

2020

$m

%

2019

$m

%

Value added from:

Revenue earned

7,158.3

7,868.3

Bought in materials and services

(4,180.5)

(4,441.0)

2,977.8

3,427.3

Other income

5.1

17.8

Finance income

9.2

14.3

Finance costs (exclude interest expenses)

(21.6)

(4.2)

Share of results of associates and joint ventures, net of tax

30.4

39.0

Total value added

3,000.9

3,494.2

Distribution of 

total value added

To employees in wages, salaries and benefits

1,941.5

65

2,290.9

66

To government in taxes and levies

30.4

1

124.3

4

To providers of capital on:

• Interest paid on borrowings

49.6

2

44.8

1

• Dividends to shareholders

468.0

15

468.2

13

2,489.5

2,928.2

Balance retained 

in business

Depreciation and amortisation

378.6

368.3

Retained profits

103.4

135.8

Non-controlling interests

3.8

14.7

485.8

16

518.8

15

Non-production costs

25.6

1

47.2

1

Total distribution

3,000.9

100

3,494.2

100


FINANCIAL 

REVIEW

/  ST ENGINEERING

70

5-Year Key Financial Data

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Income statement ($m)

Revenue 

7,158

7,868

6,698

6,521

6,684

Profit

Profit from operations*

560.9

673.1

597.4

563.9

507.1

PBT

534.4

695.2

620.7

611.8

590.6

Net Profit 

521.8

577.9

494.2

502.6

484.5

Balance Sheet ($m)

Property, plant and equipment, 

and right-of-use assets

2,296

2,289

1,743

1,719

1,670

Intangible and other assets

2,686

2,622

1,753

1,707

1,595

Inventories

1,269

1,312

1,184

1,082

1,898

Trade receivables, contract assets, and 

advances and other receivables

2,579

2,845

2,477

2,166

1,797

Bank balances and other liquid funds  

and funds under management

731

453

416

1,350

1,405

Current liabilities

3,896

5,446

3,851

3,587

3,801

Non-current liabilities

3,091

1,584

1,187

1,941

2,120

Share capital

896

896

896

896

896

Treasury shares

(24)

(27)

(9)

(23)

(44)

Capital and other reserves

18

(37)

46

52

57

Retained earnings

1,402

1,390

1,313

1,290

1,274

Non-controlling interests

282

269

288

281

262

Financial Indicators

Earnings per share (cents)

16.74

18.53

15.85

16.13

15.60

Net assets value per share (cents)

73.59

71.32

72.00

71.09

70.20

Return on sales (%)

7.3

7.5

7.7

8.1

7.4

Return on equity (%)

22.8

26.0

22.0

22.7

22.2

Return on capital employed (%)

9.6

12.3

13.6

12.7

12.0

Dividend

Dividend per share (cents)

15.0

15.0

15.0

15.0

15.0

Dividend yield (%)

3.9

4.0

4.4

4.6

4.8

Dividend cover

1.1

1.2

1.1

1.1

1.0

Productivity Data

Average staff strength (numbers)

23,103

22,494

21,418

21,541

21,974

Revenue per employee ($)

309,842

349,794

312,724

302,728

304,166

Net profit per employee ($)

22,588

25,693

23,076

23,334

22,049

Employment costs ($m)*

1,948.1

2,291.7

1,999.1

1,944.6

1,927.6

Employment costs per $ of revenue ($)

0.27

0.29

0.30

0.30

0.29

Economic Value Added ($m)

286.4

317.0

306.0

303.8

252.4

Economic Value Added spread (%)

4.9

6.5

7.6

6.9

5.5

Economic Value Added per employee ($)

12,398

14,094

14,285

14,103

11,488

Value added per employee ($)

129,893

155,338

137,092

132,512

132,131

Value added per $ of employment costs ($)

1.54

1.52

1.47

1.47

1.51

Value added per $ of gross property, plant  

and equipment ($)

0.73

0.87

0.76

0.76

0.81

Value added per $ of revenue ($)

0.42

0.44

0.44

0.44

0.43

Figures in FY2016 were prepared in accordance with the previous Financial Reporting Standards and were not restated on adoption of 

SFRS(I) I in FY2018. The Group adopted SFRS(I) 16 effective on 1 January 2019 and applied the modified retrospective approach with  

no restatement of comparative information.

* 

Government grants in the prior years were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in conformance with current year 

classification.

M Y C K

Engineering_Editorials-ok_R2.indd   70

Engineering_Editorials-ok_R2.indd   70

18/3/21   9:48 AM

18/3/21   9:48 AM


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

71

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

REVENUE ($b)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX ($m)

NET PROFIT ($m)

2018

2018

2018

2017

2017

2017

2019

2019

2019

2016

2016

2016

2020

2020

2020

GROUP

$7.16b

$534.4m

$521.8m

2018

2018

2018

2017

2017

2017

2019

2019

2019

2016

2016

2016

2020

2020

2020

AEROSPACE

$2.71b

$202.5m

$192.9m

2018

2018

2018

2017

2017

2017

2019

2019

2019

2016

2016

2016

2020

2020

2020

ELECTRONICS

$2.29b

$229.4m

$203.9m

2018

2018

2018

2017

2017

2017

2019

2019

2019

2016

2016

2016

2020

2020

2020

LAND SYSTEMS

$1.41b

$113.0m

$101.4m

2018

2018

2018

2017

2017

2017

2019

2019

2019

2016

2016

2016

2020

2020

2020

MARINE

$0.71b

$16.8m

$28.3m

7.16

2.71

202.5

192.9

534.4

521.8

7.87

3.45

332.8

268.9

695.2

577.9

6.70

2.65

320.0

244.6

620.7

494.2

6.68

2.48

300.3

234.4

590.6

484.5

6.52

2.54

2.29

229.4

203.9

2.34

216.3

183.3

2.19

211.9

176.9

1.96

187.0

162.7

2.09

1.41

113.0

101.4

1.43

88.6

77.3

1.28

62.3

52.9

1.39

38.8

25.5

1.24

0.71

16.8

28.3

0.65

60.8

51.5

0.57

50.3

45.2

0.84

75.1

67.8

0.64

22.4

27.0

85.0

87.4

197.2

163.0

318.5

244.8

611.8

502.6


ASEAN Asset Class 

Publicly Listed Companies 

Award  

By ASEAN Corporate 

Governance Scorecard

Best Funding Solution  

for 2020

By Adam Smith Awards 

Asia

IFR Asia Awards 2020 

(Structured Finance Issue) 

By International Financial 

Review

• 

Engine-backed 

securitisation 

Overall Sector Winner 

(Industrial Goods 

category)  

By The Edge Singapore

Most Profitable Company 

(Industrial Goods 

category)  

By The Edge Singapore

Best Places to Work 

2020 (Large Company)

By Washington Business 

Journal

• 

iDirect Government 

Singapore's Top 5 Most 

Attractive Engineering 

and Natural Science 

Employers 2020

By Universum

WORK, SAFETY  

&amp; HEALTH

Good Safety Record 

Award

By Republic of Singapore

Navy

• 

ST Engineering Marine 

Safety Award

By American Equity 

Underwriters

• 

Halter Marine







Marine Engineer/ Naval 

Architect of the Year

By Mobile Area Council of 

Engineers

• 

Buck Younger,  

Vice President, 

Engineering,  

Halter Marine 

MRO Leader of the Year

By Aviation Week Network

• 

Lim Serh Ghee, President, 

Aerospace (then)

BUSINESS  

&amp; PEOPLE

EXCELLENCE





























AWARDS







Buck Younger, Vice President of Engineering at Halter Marine (third 

from left in the picture) was named the Marine Engineer/Naval 

Architect of the Year by the Mobile Area Council of Engineers.

Safety officers during their routine inspections at our Pascagoula 

Shipyard in Mississippi, U.S.

/  ST ENGINEERING

72




CORPORATE

CITIZENSHIP

Charity Platinum Award

By Community Chest

Community Spirit  

Platinum Award 

By Community Chest 

 

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Defence Technology Prize 

2020 Team (Engineering) 

Award 

By MINDEF

• 

Advanced Electronics 

Systems

• 

Next Generation Air 

Operations Command 

and Control System

HDB Quality Partners 

Award 2020 

By Housing  

Development Board

• 

IoT-enabled Smart 

Lighting System in  

Teck Ghee, Singapore

IES Prestigious Engineering 

Achievement Awards 2020

By Institute of Engineers 

Singapore

• 

Hunter Armoured 

Fighting Vehicle

PRODUCT



Winner (Smart Buildings/

Smart Tech Parks category)

By IDC Government Insights

• 

Smart Lighting for 

Public Housing Estates

Winner (Connected &amp; 

Autonomous Vehicles, 

Public Transit, Ride-

Hailing/Ride-Sharing 

category)  

By IDC Government Insights

• 

On-Demand 

Autonomous Buses

NS Advocate Award  

(Large Companies)

By MINDEF



Hunter Armoured Fighting Vehicle

Smart 50 Awards 2020 

(Digital Transformation 

category) 

By Smart Cities Connect, 

U.S. Ignite and Smart Cities 

Connect Foundation

• 

Smart City project in 

Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. 

Teleport Technology  

of the Year 2020

By World Teleport 

Association

• 

Newtec Dialog® platform



Smart motion sensors were installed to automatically adjust the 

luminosity of about 10,000 lights in the common areas of a housing 

estate in Singapore



73

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

Total Defence Awards

By MINDEF and 

Ministry of Home Affairs


/  ST ENGINEERING

74



/  ST ENGINEERING

74

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors oversees the  

management of material environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) factors for ST Engineering and takes 

them into consideration in the formulation of the  

Group’s strategic direction and policies.

We remain steadfast in positively impacting the  

lives of people and the health of our planet by operating 

responsibly in our communities and the wider global 

ecosystem, and in acting as an effective enabler of 

a more sustainable world through leveraging our 

technology and engineering solutions to solve real-world 

problems, including those arising from COVID-19.

We link a range of operational, financial and non-

financial key performance indicators to our material 

ESG factors to encourage the adoption of strategies and 

practices that are aligned to the sustainability 

and long-term success of the Group.

 

SUSTAINABILITY


75

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /



This report focuses on the 

sustainability practices of  

ST Engineering and addresses our 

material ESG factors.

It is prepared in accordance 

with GRI Standards: Core 

Option, and is guided by the 

SGX Reporting Guide and the 

LBG Framework.

This report should be read in 

conjunction with the GRI Content 

Index and other information 

published in the Sustainability 

section of our website at  

www.stengg.com.

About Sustainability Report 2020

Our Approach

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Sustainability Governance

As part of the Group's commitment to making 

sustainability a core part of its business strategy, the  

Group Chief Strategy Officer took on an expanded role 

as Group Chief Strategy &amp; Sustainability Officer effective 

1 January 2021.  This allows us to fully incorporate ESG 

considerations into our business strategies and plans.  

The Group Chief Strategy &amp; Sustainability Officer is 

accountable to the Group President &amp; CEO and works 

with the senior leadership team on sustainability 

matters. He is supported by a sustainability working 

group, comprising members from key business areas 

and corporate functions, with specific sub-committees 

focusing on each material ESG factor.

ST Engineering’s Risk and Sustainability Committee 

(RSC) assists the Board in its sustainability governance 

responsibility. The RSC’s role is one of oversight while 

the ongoing management of sustainability matters rests 

with the leadership team. The RSC approves the annual 

sustainability workplan and is updated on its progress 

and developments. The RSC is supported by the Risk 

&amp; Assurance (R&amp;A) function and the Group Strategy &amp; 

Sustainability function. 

 

The R&amp;A function is accountable to the Group President 

&amp; CEO for matters relating to governance, risk and 

compliance. It ensures that ST Engineering manages 

its risks and has the right governance and controls in 

place to ensure compliance with all legal and regulatory 

requirements in the jurisdictions that the Group 

operates in.

1 Environmental 

Protection

2 Productivity

3 Green Products  

&amp; Services





Responsible

Global Citizen



Enabler of a

Sustainable

World

E

N

V

I

R

O

N

M

E

N

T

A

L

G

O

V

E

R

N

A

N

C

E

S

O

C

I

A

L

4 Economic 

Performance

5 Responsible 

Procurement

6 Quality 

Products &amp; 

Services

7 People 

Excellence

8 Total Workplace 

Safety &amp; Health

9 Corporate 

Community 

Contributions

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

10 Ethical Business 

&amp; Regulatory 

Compliance







Aligned to Global Standards &amp; UN Sustainable Development Goals










































Materiality Assessment &amp; Stakeholders

We identify and prioritise sustainability issues that 

matter most to ST Engineering and our stakeholders 

through materiality assessments.

Our Enterprise Risk Management Framework provided 

the backdrop upon which the sustainability materiality 

SUSTAINABILITY

assessment was carried out and reviewed, with both 

financial and non-financial impact assessed against the 

Group’s risk tolerance limits and implications for our 

key stakeholders.



Material 

Stakeholders

&amp; Engagement





Our operations generate 

employment, partnerships with 

local institutions, contracts for 

local small and medium-sized 

enterprises and tax revenue 

for governments. These in turn 

develop the economy in our host 

communities.

We protect our environment and 

contribute to our communities 

through social programmes.

Local 

Communities





We disclose pertinent information 

on a timely basis, in a clear and 

concise manner. We comply with 

all relevant laws and regulations 

where we operate. 

We provide feedback to 

regulators on new regulations or 

revisions to regulations.

Regulators  

&amp; Governments





Strong, ethical and mutually 

beneficial relationships with 

suppliers and collaborators are the 

cornerstones of our business.

We engage suppliers through our 

vendor management programmes 

and stay connected with 

collaborators through frequent 

exchanges.

Suppliers &amp;

Collaborators



In line with our strong emphasis on 

corporate governance, we continue 

to build investor trust and confidence 

through open dialogue and two-way 

communication with shareholders and 

the investment community.



Shareholders  

&amp; Investors



We forge enduring relationships 

with our customers and make sure 

that our products and services stay 

relevant, are safe and reliable, and 

meet their expectations.

We regularly engage our 

customers and provide multiple 

feedback channels for them. 

Customers





We are committed to enhancing our 

employees’ capabilities and capacity for 

growth, strengthening a passionate and 

engaged workforce, and staying at the 

forefront of people practices.

We engage our people through open 

dialogues, continuous performance 

feedback, regular town halls and internal 

communications channels.

Employees &amp;  

Other Workers

/  ST ENGINEERING

76




CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

2020 HIGHLIGHTS



CORPORATE COMMUNITY  

 CONTRIBUTIONS

ANTI-BRIBERY 

&amp; CORRUPTION 

TRAINING

STRATEGIC SUPPLIERS

SAFETY CULTURE

QUALITY PRODUCTS

&amp; SERVICES

GREEN ENERGY

worth of community contributions 

by both company and employees

employees 

participated in  

e-learning courses

product recalls across  

the Group

$2.8m

Zero

workplace safety and 

health activities to 

promote safety culture

LEARNING

&amp; DEVELOPMENT

&gt;60%

to ramp up medical-grade surgical  

mask production in support of  

national resiliency 

2 Weeks

70

&gt;14,000

8%

98%  

(12,810)

RESPONSE TO

COVID-19

equivalent of trees 

saved from paper 

reduction initiatives 

over 2015 base year

~1,800

PAPER SAVED

of strategic suppliers 

engaged on revised Vendor 

Code of Conduct

FINES

Zero

significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with 

environmental, health and 

safety regulations

relevant staff trained 

globally 

GHG EMISSIONS

reduction in 

GHG emissions 

intensity over 

2010 base year

reduction in 

absolute GHG 

emission over 

2010 base year

44%

33%

77

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

CONTINUOUS 

IMPROVEMENT

$23.7m

of electricity consumption 

from Singapore operations 

derived from 24 roof-

mounted solar PV systems

of realised productivity 

savings from continuous 

improvement programmes 

in Singapore


Environmental 

Protection

Productivity

Green Products  

&amp; Services

Why It Is Material

ESG Factors

Climate change is an issue 

of increasing urgency and 

importance. A low carbon 

business strategy is not only 

good for the environment, 

it also enables us to better 

respond to climate change 

regulations and price volatility 

of hydrocarbon resources.

Staying lean, efficient and 

effective in our systems and 

processes to optimise the use 

of resources are fundamental 

to maintaining our competitive 

edge.

Cities and organisations around 

the world are increasingly 

looking to minimise their 

carbon footprint while  

reducing operating costs. 

Environment

We recognise the threat of global 

warming and the importance 

of combating climate change. 

We believe in conserving 

resources to minimise the 

impact of Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 

emissions, reducing pollution 

and waste, and conducting 

our operations efficiently. 

We contribute to a more 

sustainable future by 

developing and deploying 

greener products and solutions.

We focus on delivering 

innovative solutions to help 

build and upkeep air, land, 

sea, space and information 

infrastructure.

Why It is More Relevant

UN SDG

We leverage our technology 

and engineering expertise to 

help cities and communities 

become more sustainable.

We stay lean and minimise the 

environmental impact of our 

operations.

We play our part to help 

address the global challenge 

of climate change.

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

78


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

What We Did In 2020

What We Will Do In 2021

How We Manage It

Environmental efforts are 

coordinated by the Environment 

Committee. All material business 

units in Singapore are certified 

to ISO 14001 Environmental 

Management Systems Standards. 

Our global operations abide by 

relevant environmental 

regulations and requirements.

• 

GHG emissions intensity 

reductions on track.

• 

GHG emissions and water 

consumption reduction targets 

reviewed and maintained.

• 

Waste recycling data for 

Singapore operations tracked 

and reported.

• 

Review and set a new GHG 

emissions target for our  

global operations.

• 

Expand our data reporting 

and management for GHG 

emissions, water and waste  

to include global operations.

Productivity efforts are 

coordinated by the Continuous 

Improvement Committee.  

Initiatives such as Kaizen 

projects, quality action teams 

and value innovation teams 

are embedded into day-to-

day operations. We empower 

employees to identify and 

eliminate waste, and recognise 

exemplary contributions.

• 

Achieved realised productivity 

savings of $23.7m through 

continuous improvement (CI) 

initiatives.

• 

Achieved a value added per 

employment cost of 1.54.

• 

Increase year-on-year 

productivity savings by at 

least 10%. 

• 

Continue to roll out CI 

programmes to business 

units outside Singapore.

Our technology community 

actively looks into the design and 

development of products that 

are more sustainable. Our

engineers incorporate green 

considerations not just into  

end products but also from

the perspectives of responsible 

production and through-life 

support. Through these efforts, 

we are able to empower and 

enable our customers to become 

more sustainable. 

• 

Identified key attributes for 

green products and services 

across the Group.

• 

Started training programmes 

for sustainable engineering.

• 

Enhance tracking of R&amp;D 

investments in green 

products and services in our 

global business units.

• 

Increase Group-wide 

emphasis on sustainability 

considerations in the design  

and development of 

products and services.

79

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Environment: Environmental Protection

GHG Emissions

In 2020, the Group achieved a 33% absolute GHG 

emissions reduction with 2010 as the base year. This 

translated to a 44% reduction in GHG emissions intensity, 

which is on track with our current intensity target of 

36% reduction by 2030 with 2010 as the base year. 

Our Singapore operations continued to be verified in 

accordance with ISO 14064-1:2006.

We decided to set our new GHG emissions target in 

2021 instead of 2020 so that we can assess the impact 

of COVID-19 and align those efforts with our journey to 

adopt the relevant recommendations from the Task Force 

on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

To further reduce our indirect emissions, we continued to 

commission solar PV systems for our buildings, increasing 

the total number of roofs to 24 in 2020. Solar power 

accounted for 8% of our annual electricity consumption 

in Singapore and by employing solar power, our GHG 

emissions was reduced by 3,610 tonnes of Carbon 

Dioxide Equivalent (tCO2e). We also contracted additional 

solar PV systems to cover four more roofs which will 

come on stream in 2021 and 2022 and increase our 

green power percentage to over 9.5%.

To further reduce our carbon footprint, we are 

progressively replacing our fleet of internal combustion 

engine vehicles with electric vehicles in the coming 

years. At the same time, we will continue to replace our 

ageing Air Handling Units to improve the overall energy 

efficiency of our cooling systems. 

Water Consumption

We continued to manage our water consumption 

judiciously through regular monitoring of consumption 

patterns and the installation of water-efficient fittings 

in our facilities wherever feasible.

In 2020, the water consumption intensity of our 

Singapore operations increased by 4.4% compared 

to the 2015 base year, mainly due to an increase in 

manufacturing activities.

We have started to track our water consumption 

intensity in the U.S. and to explore ways to reduce it.

Waste Management

As part of our long-term commitment to protect the 

environment, we continued to manage our waste 

through reduce, reuse and recycle initiatives. 

Improving our waste management system and 

reducing waste at source will continue to be the 

focus of our waste management initiatives. We have 

also taken steps to ensure more is done towards 

responsible waste management. We replaced 

styrofoam with environmentally friendlier alternatives 

such as melamine cups, encouraged staff to bring 

their own foodware and required vendors to adopt 

recyclable packaging. 

In 2020, we recycled 54% of 11,700 tonnes of material 

and waste generated. The recyclables included waste 

oil, metal, wood, tyres, paper and batteries. 

We recognise the threat of global warming and the importance of combating 

climate change. We believe in conserving resources to minimise the impact of GHG 

emissions, reducing pollution and waste, and conducting our operations efficiently. 

We contribute to a more sustainable future by developing and deploying greener 

products and solutions.

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

80


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT



Reducing Engine  

Test Cell Fuel Consumption 

Aircraft engine testing consumes a large quantity  

of fuel and contributes significantly to both operating 

costs and our carbon footprint. Our engineers 

embarked on several initiatives to reduce fuel 

consumption for CFM56 engine testing since 2016, 

including adjusting the Single Run Multi-Thrust 

rating, optimising the trimming of the vibration fan 

and reducing oil use per run. These continuous 

improvements have reduced fuel consumption  

by 20%.

GHG Emissions and Intensity

Water Consumption and Intensity 

(SGP)

Waste Recycled (SGP)

Notes:

1. SGP: Material Singapore operations.

2. Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions from sources owned or controlled by 

the Group.

3. Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased 

electricity consumed.

4. Scope 3: Indirect GHG emissions from business travel by air.

5. GHG emissions intensity figures are computed based on Scope 1  

and 2 emissions.

6. 2020 figures have yet to be audited.

7. 

GHG emissions figures are normalised using Group revenue.

8. Water intensity figures for Singapore operations are normalised using 

revenue from Asia, of which Singapore is a significant contributor.

81

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

0

0.20

0.15

0.10

0.05

0.00

1200

900

600

300

Water Consumption

Intensity

('000m3) 

Intensity ('000m3/$m)

0

200

20

15

10

5

0

150

100

50

Intensity

Scope 1+2

Scope 3

('000t)CO2e 

Intensity (tCO₂e/$m)

Metal

Paper &amp; Carton

Electronic 

Waste

Wood, Crates  

&amp; Pallets

Tyres

Waste Oil

Batteries

34.1%

45.3%

0.9%

1.8%

15.2%

2.4%

0.3%

2018

2020

2019

125

122

111

0.3

11.2

12.4

18.6

15.5

15.5

2018

2020

2019

664

656

717

0.14

0.13

0.16


Environment: Productivity

In 2020, the Group achieved realised productivity savings 

of $23.7m from continuous improvement projects in 

Singapore. This was in addition to COVID-19 related cost 

savings including procurement savings. We achieved a 

value added per employment cost of 1.54 for our global 

operations. This is an improvement from 1.52 in 2019, 

in part due to COVID-19-related government support 

received during the course of the year.

We continued to enhance our systems and processes, 

including the introduction of a budgeting tool to enable 

seamless collaboration across business functions while 

improving data accuracy and visibility. Over the last three 

years, we have also progressively deployed self-service 

online portals for our employees to request for mid- to 

back-office support. These service portals are capable of 

performance measurement and analytics that generate 

insights on areas for improvement.

We continued to embrace continuous improvement 

tools such as 5S, Kaizen and Root Cause Analysis to 

improve work processes. Key initiatives introduced in 

2020 included additional e-learning modules in the areas 

of problem-solving tools. These modules were rolled out 

to all Singapore-based mid-level managers, executives 

and production employees.

Eight teams participated in our annual Team Excellence 

Convention and they showcased their accomplishments 

in value creation and productivity enhancements 

through the creative use of technology, innovation and 

continuous improvement tools.

At ST Engineering, we believe that a highly skilled and engaged workforce is essential 

for productivity improvement, especially when delivering differentiating solutions to 

solve real-world problems. Leveraging technology and innovation to continuously 

improve our processes and promoting skills upgrading are key drivers of  

the Group's productivity movement.



SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

82




CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Automating A320neo Nacelle 

Assembly

We introduced robots to our A320neo 

nacelle assembly lines, saving about  

30 hours of assembly time per process 

(19% improvement over manual efforts) 

with 99.7% accuracy.

The use of robotics reduced worker 

fatigue and the on-board cameras 

and remote sensors increased output 

quality and precision. Air quality within 

the workplace was improved by drilling, 

vacuuming and capturing composite 

dust in one step. Manual application 

of sealant for wet install fasteners was 

eliminated.

Transforming our Manufacturing 

Operations

We remain committed to our goal of 

transforming our production activities 

into Smart Factories through the 

adoption of Industry 4.0 technologies.  

These included armoured vehicle 

manufacturing, as well as component 

repair and overhaul facilities. Through 

people-robot collaborations, increased 

data connectivity and more streamlined 

work processes, we were able to reduce 

production disruptions, minimise 

wastage, optimise equipment availability 

and improve production lead times. 

Results included an overall lead time 

reduction of about 10% for labour-based 

activities and 20% for machine-based 

operations.

83

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Environment: Green Products &amp; Services

Our Smart City Solutions have been deployed in over 700 projects across more than 

130 cities, making cities more connected, sustainable and liveable. We reduce road 

congestion, boost energy efficiency and reduce waste. Our solutions also help our 

customers increase productivity and contribute towards more liveable environments.

OUR



SUSTAINABILITY



SOLUTIONS



W 

e enable cities, airlines and ship 

operators to be more sustainable. 

We help them with GHG reduction, 

eco-disposal &amp; recycling, sustainable 

consumption, pollution reduction and 

eco-manufacturing. 

We launched training courses for our 

engineers and product designers in the 

theory and application of sustainable 

engineering. These include in-depth 

coverage of various tools such as Life 

Cycle Analysis, and the cross-sharing of 

know-how and practical experiences.

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

84


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Meeting Increased Power 

Demand with Floating 

Power Plants

Floating Power Plant (FPP) 

projects meet the increased 

demand for power. 

Compared to conventional 

land-based solutions of 

similar capacity, the FPP 

is more cost-effective 

because it is highly mobile.

FPPs provide electricity 

supply to areas with limited 

infrastructure, including 

urban areas with rapid 

and significant growth 

in demand. As a mobile 

asset, it can be easily 

relocated, providing power 

to affected places in the 

aftermath of earthquakes 

or floods.

Unique to our first FPP 

is an innovative steam-

water cycle design that 

significantly improves the 

plant’s gross electrical 

efficiency by up to 56%, 

resulting in cleaner energy.  



Sustainable Consumption 

• 

New lease of life for ageing 

passenger aircraft by converting 

them into freighters 

• 

Extension of service life for military 

platforms

Pollution Reduction

• 

Compliance with regulatory 

requirements relating to pollution 

arising from the manufacturing, 

utilisation and maintenance of our 

products

• 

Lifecycle environmental hazard 

analysis and environmental impact 

assessments

• 

Selection of sustainable materials 

during design phase

Eco-Manufacturing

• 

Robotics and automation to 

eliminate re-work and improve 

quality

• 

3D printing applications across 

multiple business domains

• 

Nesting software to reduce  

waste material 

GHG Reduction

• 

Smart street lights that reduce 

energy consumption by up to 20%

• 

Smart traffic junctions and 

management systems that reduce 

congestion and fuel use

• 

Smart districts and buildings that 

optimise energy efficiency

• 

Airbitat family of coolers that deliver 

cooling with an 80% reduction in 

energy consumption compared with 

conventional coolers

• 

Conversion of internal combustion 

engine buses to hybrid electric

• 

Design and conversion of diesel 

powered ships to LNG-fuelled or 

LNG hybrid ships

• 

EcoPower wash system for aircraft 

engines to improve fuel efficiency

Eco-Disposal &amp; Recycling

• 

Green end-of-life solutions for 

aircraft

• 

Extended product responsibility 

including compliance with 

Singapore National Environment 

Agency’s Resource Sustainability  

Act 2019

Advanced Digital Technologies for Smart Cities 

 

To enhance our efforts to deliver differentiated and people- 

centric smart city solutions, we are collaborating with the 

National University of Singapore on a $9m, multi-year advanced 

digital technologies research programme covering five areas: 

resource optimisation and scheduling, prescriptive analytics, 

decision and sense-making, reasoning engine and machine 

learning as well as the creation of digital twins.

For more examples of our technology and innovations, please refer to pages 34 to 37

85

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


We have an obligation to our 

stakeholders to remain a vibrant 

and sustainable enterprise.  

Fair compensation, people 

development, safety and the 

health of our employees are 

important to us. In addition, 

we adhere to labour laws 

and regulations wherever 

we operate and have zero 

tolerance for unethical labour 

practices such as child labour, 

forced labour, slavery and 

human trafficking in any of 

our operations. We anticipate 

customers’ requirements, deliver 

quality products and services, 

source responsibly and invest in 

communities where we operate.

b

Inclusive growth and value creation for 

our stakeholders are key to our long-term 

viability. We are committed to delivering a

sustainable and balanced triple bottom line  

of people, planet and profit.

We are committed to being a good 

corporate citizen where we operate. Making 

a positive impact on our host communities is 

in line with our core value of compassion.

Economic 

Performance

Corporate Community

Contributions

Social

We depend on a resilient and sustainable 

supply of goods and services to meet our 

business needs. We are committed to 

managing our vendors ethically and working 

with them to ensure a responsible supply 

chain.

Responsible 

Procurement

We are only as strong as our people. With a 

capable, motivated and agile workforce, we 

are able to strengthen our talent pipeline to 

pursue sustainable growth.

People

Excellence

We are committed to “Safety Before Profit”. 

A safe and healthy workplace protects 

workers from injury, stress and illness, 

reduces absenteeism and turnover, increases 

productivity and raises employee morale. 

This duty of care extends to our visitors and 

supervised sub-contractors working within 

our premises.

Total Workplace  

Safety &amp; Health

Customers rely on us to meet their 

operational needs.  Our products must be 

compliant with all relevant regulations, be 

safe to produce, operate and maintain, and 

must also be reliable over the product’s 

lifecycle. Our services must also meet our 

customers’ requirements and be delivered 

within the promised turnaround time.

Quality Products  

&amp; Services

ESG Factors

UN SDG

We leverage our technology 

and engineering expertise to 

help cities and communities 

be more sustainable.

We provide good jobs and 

contribute to the economic 

growth of the communities 

we operate in.

We stay lean and minimise the 

environmental impact of our 

operations.

Why It Is More Relevant

Why It Is Material

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

86


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

What We Did In 2020

• 

Delivered $6.7b in economic 

contributions despite challenging 

business conditions.

• 

Continued operations as an essential 

service provider across our global 

geographies, providing work for local 

companies in our supply chain, and 

delivering to our customers

• 

Supported our communities to cope 

with COVID-19.

• 

Continued to promote volunteerism and 

build a “doing good, while doing well” 

culture.

What We Will Do In 2021

• 

Continue to deliver economic  

impact and provide good jobs to  

our communities.

• 

Refresh business strategy with 

sustainability as a focus and  

reorganise for growth.

• 

Continue to promote volunteerism.

• 

Leverage engineering capabilities and 

technological expertise to support our 

communities.

How We Manage It

Our Strategic Planning community reviews 

the Group’s strategy in light of global trends 

and developments. Our operations and 

support function teams focus on operational 

excellence to ensure that we continue to 

add value for our stakeholders and positively 

impact our communities.

Corporate community contributions are 

coordinated by the Corporate Social 

Responsibility Committee. We reference 

the LBG framework to help us effectively 

measure, report and communicate our 

corporate community investments and 

philanthropy efforts.

• 

Launched a Vendor Relationship online 

platform for strategic vendors supporting 

our Singapore operations.

• 

Started tracking quality, environmental, 

and occupational health &amp; safety 

management systems of strategic 

vendors.

• 

100% of strategic vendors to endorse 

our Vendor Code of Conduct

• 

100% inclusion of environmental 

screening for all new vendors  

supporting Singapore operations.

Our procurement community champions 

the effective management of our vendors 

to align business behaviours, drive greater 

efficiencies, streamline processes and enable 

greater resiliency. We work with our vendors 

to embed our principles of responsible 

procurement.

• 

Launched our Global Leadership 

Development Programme.

• 

Enhanced learning via digital delivery. 

• 

Positioned our employees for the 

future of work through workforce 

transformation programmes including 

reskilling and upskilling initiatives.

• 

Continue to expand and deepen the 

global footprint of our people practices.

• 

Strengthen our learning and 

development framework to accelerate 

workforce digitalisation and deepen our 

engineering and technology capabilities.

Our people and culture strategy seeks to 

enhance our capability and capacity for 

growth, build a passionate and engaged 

workforce, and position us at the forefront of 

people practices. This proposition is realised 

through talent attraction and management, 

career development, diversity and inclusion, 

reward system, work-life integration and 

harmonious union relations.

• 

Introduced a safety e-learning

 

module during employee induction to 

enhance safety culture.

• 

Reviewed work capacity and options 

for a more effective Return-to-Work 

journey for relevant employees.

• 

Review and align our safety performance 

indicators with best practices.

• 

Continue to focus on staff wellness 

and ensure compliance with relevant 

statutory and regulatory requirements.

Workplace safety and health efforts are 

coordinated by the Total Workplace 

Safety &amp; Health Committee. All material 

business units in Singapore are certified to 

OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and 

Safety Management Standards. Our global 

operations abide by relevant workplace 

safety regulations and requirements.

• 

Improved customer satisfaction through 

the implementation of best practices 

among quality assurance professionals.

• 

Implemented initiatives such as 

e-learning modules on quality 

behaviours.

• 

Launch additional e-learning modules 

to further enhance quality and system 

safety.

• 

Further network and share practices 

across our community of quality 

assurance professionals globally.

Quality efforts are coordinated by the 

Quality Committee. All material operations in 

Singapore are ISO 9001 certified. We design, 

manufacture and support our products in 

accordance with industry standards and meet 

all regulatory requirements. We actively work 

with our suppliers and collaborators to ensure 

the quality of bought-in parts and services, 

and regularly seek feedback.

87

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /




Social: Economic Performance

ST Engineering remains committed to creating sustainable and inclusive growth for 

our stakeholders, especially during these challenging times. We take a long-term view 

towards value creation through the delivery of a balanced triple bottom line of  

people, planet, and profit.

Economic performance is material to our sustainability 

goals. We create good jobs, provide opportunities 

for local small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), 

collaborate with local institutions and bring together the 

business communities in the markets that we operate in.

We managed to maintain an even keel amid the 

challenges posed by COVID-19. Our order book 

remained robust and increased to $15.4b in financial 

year 2020 despite COVID-19 challenges and 

cancellations. We also adapted and deployed our 

engineering solutions to help customers with their 

pandemic response. We continued to invest in our 

people, build new capabilities through partnerships and 

strengthen our contributions in the communities where 

we operate.

Economic contributions by the Group in 2020 was

$6.7b through supplier contracts, staff wages, dividend 

and interest payouts and tax revenue. Further details 

can be found in the Performance Review and Financial 

Report sections of this Annual Report.

Group Economic Contribution

$m

Bought-in material and services

4,180

Employee wages, salaries  

and benefits

1,941

Dividends and interest paid

518

Govt taxes and levies

30

Total

6,669

Contributing to Singapore’s Economic Growth

Our Singapore operations continued to generate 

employment and contributed to economic growth 

through close to $3b worth of purchases in Singapore, 

including more than $300m from local SMEs.

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

88


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

In 2020, we further refined our Responsible 

Procurement Framework and its three pillars: Vendor 

Conduct, Vendor Management and Vendor Relationship.

Vendor Conduct, aligned to our sustainability agenda, 

defines our principles and policies and lays down the 

basic behaviours and practices in a Vendor Code of 

Conduct (Vendor Code). All new and strategic suppliers 

are required to acknowledge their responsibilities 

outlined in the Vendor Code. It was strengthened to 

emphasise our material ESG factors and give additional 

guidance on our expectations.

Vendor Management streamlines the systems and 

processes we employ to screen, onboard and assess  

the performance of our vendors, giving them a  

consistent experience working with the businesses 

across the Group.

In 2020, we screened 100% of our new vendors based 

on our revised screening criteria under our Vendor 

Code. We enhanced our new vendor onboarding 

Social: Responsible Procurement

We are committed to procuring ethically and responsibly to ensure a sustainable supply 

of goods and services to meet our business needs. We recognise the importance of our 

suppliers for timely delivery of quality products and services, and we actively manage 

our relationships with these suppliers.

Purchases by Singapore Operations 

DISTRIBUTION OF PURCHASES

By Geographical Locations

Singapore 



Europe North America Others 

2020

62

14

9

15

(%)

DISTRIBUTION OF PURCHASES

By Business Sectors

2020

25

2

34

10

29

(%)

Aerospace 



Electronics Land Systems Marine 

Group Corporate Office

89

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

process using a digital platform which resulted 

in an improved cycle time and better document 

management. In addition, we carried out a performance 

assessment on 18 of our panel vendors based on our 

annual spend and their impact on our operations.

Separately, we segmented our vendors based on profit 

impact and supplier risks into four categories: strategic, 

leverage, bottleneck and non-critical. We carried out a 

Vendor Sustainability Survey with 150 strategic vendors 

who accounted for 76% of the total procurement 

expenditure from our Singapore operations. The 

purpose of the survey was to collect information to 

form a baseline understanding of the ESG practices of 

our strategic vendors.

We also helped 22 vendors in their digitisation journey, 

enabling them to go green, cut costs, and improve their 

own productivity while delivering us more productivity 

benefits. We will continue this effort as we grow our 

business together with our local partners.


Social: Quality Products &amp; Services

In 2020, the Quality Committee continued to harmonise 

and improve our framework to ensure that we meet 

our customers’ expectations and adhere to applicable 

regulations and international standards.

We developed and launched various e-learning 

modules to promote the right behaviours in our quality 

assurance professionals. In the area of product safety, 

we continued to support system safety developments 

and promoted sharing across various initiatives 

and projects.  This included developing Singapore 

standards for autonomous vehicles and conducting 

safety courses for all technical employees on system 

safety principles. In 2020, over 300 employees in 

engineering and technical roles were trained in  

system safety.

We convened the second ST Engineering Quality 

Seminar virtually, focusing on customer value creation 

and system safety involving over 200 participants from 

engineering and technical roles.

We are committed to timely delivery, responsive support and high standards in safety 

and quality to our customers. We meet regulatory standards and satisfy our customers’ 

requirements. The majority of our Singapore operations are ISO 9001 certified and all 

operations abide by the requirements of their industry regulatory bodies. Ensuring 

consistently high quality products and services is a pivotal part of our work.



SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

90






CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Ensuring the Safety of  

Autonomous Systems

As we develop more autonomous products 

and systems, we added new analytical tools 

to enhance our system safety practices. This 

included the identification of operational 

scenarios and potential hazards to ensure 

there will not be unsafe controls or actions 

during operations. At the same time, we 

carried out simulations and scenario-based 

tests to validate our design before carrying 

out actual critical tests.

We also referred to local and international 

standards for autonomous systems to ensure 

that we adhere to all current standards 

and requirements of regulatory bodies 

including that of the Civil Aviation Authority 

of Singapore and Singapore’s Land Transport 

Authority.

We have successfully conducted several 

autonomous systems demonstrations  

and public trials. We will continue to learn  

and apply industry best practices and 

techniques to ensure the safety of our 

products and solutions.

Improving  

Construction Quality 

In 2020, we started construction on the  

Once Through Steam Generation (OTSG) 

system on our first Floating Power Plant. To 

ensure quality and optimise resources needed 

to build the OTSG system, our marine hull 

team carried out a Kaizen project to improve 

the cutting templates to enhance accuracy.

Custom-designed jigs facilitated welding 

and prevented distortion, and optimised the 

erection sequence to minimise risks related to 

working from heights.

The project improved hull structure 

construction time by 20 manhours per tonne 

and raised hull fitting productivity by 30%. 

It also resulted in higher quality production 

due to greater dimensional accuracy, while 

enhancing workplace safety by minimising 

exposure to work-at-height risks.





91

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Social: People Excellence

1. Enhancing Capability and Capacity for Growth

We are building a future-ready workforce, one that is 

equipped with new economy skills and empowered for 

success. 

Through our collaborations with local educational 

institutions and approved Continuing Education and 

Training centres, we trained over 3,000 engineers and 

technicians in new economy skill areas such as robotics, 

automation and design thinking. In addition, through the 

Company Training Committees, which were established 

People remain the cornerstone of our business. We remain committed to investing 

in people development to grow the capabilities of our workforce. Despite the 

disruptions brought about by COVID-19, we continue to forge ahead with our 

people strategy across three core areas.

SUSTAINABILITY





“I was a Quality Engineer, then a Procurement Manager before I came to 

Xiamen, China to oversee the Engineering, Facility, Information Technology 

and Import/Export functions. Through these job rotations, I gained a 

broader view and better understanding of the aerospace MRO industry 

and how our Group extracts synergies across business units to serve our 

customers better. There has never been a boring day at work throughout 

my 13-year career with the Group!”

Zac Xiao

Engineering and Continuous Improvement Director, Aerospace

Based in China

in partnership with trade unions, more than 5,000 

employees were given opportunities to upskill or reskill. 

This keeps their skill sets updated and improves their 

employability in the long run.  

We also offered personalised, bite-sized and on-demand 

learning opportunities to employees. In keeping with our 

lifelong learning culture, our employees’ digital learning 

experience now extend to a wide repertoire of topics 

including leadership, communications and presentation, 

data science, digital marketing and agile project 

management.

“The Professional Conversion Programme course I took in 2018 

expanded my knowledge of industrial robots and applications. I can now 

better appreciate how different emerging Industry 4.0 technologies can 

shorten manufacturing processes and eliminate steps that are prone 

to human error. I truly enjoy my day at work and it brings me great job 

satisfaction to be in a position to introduce innovative ways to enhance 

processes for productivity and efficiency improvements.”

Ho Yu Lin  

Engineer, Land Systems

Based in Singapore

/  ST ENGINEERING

92


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT





"My company joined the ST Engineering family in 2019. I was able 

to pick up new skills and on-the-job knowledge as well as from my 

colleagues and industry experts, who are always willing to share their 

experiences and know-how. I believe that a continuous learning 

mindset is important and the Group has provided plenty of learning 

opportunities for me to stay relevant in this fast-changing world.  

We must indeed never stop learning!”

Maxim Baele 

System Architect, Electronics

Based in Belgium

Structured rotations, overseas postings and accelerated 

development and succession planning are also important 

facets of our talent management strategy. We partnered 

the Singapore Economic Development Board on 

our Global Leaders Development Programme where 

employees identified for the programme were sent for 

international postings to gain global exposure. In addition 

“I entered my line of work through an apprenticeship 

programme back in 1983. It turned out to be one of the 

best decisions I made. That is why I joined the Halter 

Marine apprenticeship programme as a mentor to pay it 

forward. I want to help younger generations pick up new 

skills and help groom future leaders for the industry. My 

mantra at work has always been to work hard and push 

yourself to become better at your craft every day. The sky’s 

the limit!”

Kevin Amis

Executive Vice President, Operations, Marine

Based in the U.S.

(middle)

to our talent outreach programmes, we participated 

in Singapore’s SG United Traineeships Programme and 

hired 157 fresh graduates as trainees in 2020. We also 

welcomed 55 undergraduate interns under a newly-

designed structured internship programme which 

allowed them to gain working experience through 

different postings across the Group.

93

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


Social: People Excellence

SUSTAINABILITY

2. Strengthening a Passionate and Engaged 

Workforce

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we took extra effort 

to engage our employees through virtual webinars and a 

mental wellness experiential workshop.

3. Being at the Forefront of People Practices

In 2020, we established policies and procedures to 

facilitate telecommuting, split teams and staggered work 

hours. We also shared guidelines and tips to support our 

workforce as they adjust to new work arrangements.



We participated in the inaugural MentorConnect 

Singapore programme, a cross-company mentorship 

programme dedicated to diversity and inclusion at 

the workplace. Stephanie Hung, Chairwoman of 

the Women@ST Engineering Committee, guided 12 

female mentees on their professional development 

and exchanged experiences leading diverse and high 

performing teams in vibrant fields.

During the year, we rolled out additional modules in 

our human resource management system including a 

recruitment and onboarding module to enhance the 

experience of hiring managers and candidates, as well 

as a new learning management system for employees' 

learning and development needs. 

EMPLOYEES 

By Geography#

EMPLOYEES 

By Sector#

2020

(%)

64

22

10

4

Singapore 



North America Europe Others 

2020

(%)

39

5

30

7

19

Aerospace 



Electronics Land Systems 

Marine   Group Corporate Office

/  ST ENGINEERING

94

To inspire the next generation of female leaders, 

our Women@ST Engineering Committee celebrates 

achievements by our female employees and encourages 

sharing of work experiences through interactive webinars, 

social media channels and our corporate website. 

# 

Based on Group's average staff strength of 23,103


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

EMPLOYEES 

By Age#

30 and below

30+ to 40

40+ to 50

Above 60

50+ to 60

EMPLOYEES  

By Qualification#

Degree

or equivalent 



Trade

certification

Below "O" levels  

or equivalent

Diploma

or equivalent

"O" or "A" levels  

or equivalent

39

4

21

18

18

2020

(%)

2020

(%)

14

10

26

23

27

WORKFORCE PROFILE*

79%

85%

21%

15%

Employees

Supervised Workers**

Male

Male

Female

Female

16%

of male employees 

are people managers

14%

of female employees 

are people managers

AVERAGE TRAINING PER EMPLOYEE*

TURNOVER RATE*

16.3hrs

11.4%

17.8hrs

Male

10.9hrs

Female

11.5%

Male

11.2%

Female

* 

Based on the Group’s Singapore and North America average staff strength

** Supervised workers refer to short-term contract workers hired through local contractors who work in the Group’s 

facilities and are supervised by ST Engineering

95

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

# 

Based on Group's average staff strength of 23,103


Social: Total Workplace Safety &amp; Health

Our Total Workplace Safety and Health (TWSH) 

Committee continues to roll out workplace safety and 

health initiatives while promoting physical, emotional and 

social health for a thriving workforce. The Committee 

meets every quarter to monitor safety performance, and 

to review and update TWSH strategies.

 

As part of its 2020 workplan, the Committee launched 

an e-learning module to induct new employees and 

refresh the knowledge of existing staff in the areas of 

environment, health and safety. Another e-initiative was 

an online statutory compliance monitoring application 

to facilitate the tracking of licences, permits and 

certifications of the Group. The Committee also held 

We are committed to “Safety Before Profit”. Promoting a healthy lifestyle and 

preventing occupational injuries and illnesses are integral parts of our everyday work.

the second ST Engineering Safety Seminar, which was 

attended by over 300 managers virtually. The seminar 

featured addresses by Group President &amp; CEO and 

Chairman of the TWSH Committee, as well as other 

speakers focusing on topics of behavioural-based safety, 

mitigation of common hazards and return-to-work 

initiatives.

We also strengthened our Return to Work Programme as 

we continue to help our employees regain their ability to 

work and continue to be productive at the workplace. All 

our safety officers are trained to identify when they need 

to activate this programme to improve the chances of 

bringing workers back to work. 

Safety Performance

This year, the safety performance of the Group improved 

compared to previous years. There were no major 

or fatal incidents as a result of increased efforts in 

workplace safety briefings and inspections, as well as 

telecommunicating arrangements.

This Group-wide Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) and 

Accident Severity Rate (ASR) in 2020 were 0.8 and 

17.2 respectively. The AFR of our Singapore operations 

decreased from 0.5 to 0.4 and the corresponding ASR 

decreased from 11.6 to 8.9, which was the best showing 

in five years.

Causes of Accidents

In 2020, falling from heights and being struck by objects 

were the most frequent causes of injuries, accounting for 

22% each. We continue to promulgate the importance 

of safe work procedures to our employees via awareness 

briefings, site inspections and other safety initiatives, to 

constantly remind employees to take care of their safety 

and that of their co-workers.



Occupational Health 

Performance

We continually track and monitor the 

occupational health and well-being of our 

employees who are exposed to noisy and 

hazardous work environments. Our activities 

include blood tests, audiometric examinations, 

respiratory fit tests and protection training. 

In 2020, there were no new cases of noise 

induced deafness and no occurrences of 

occupational diseases.  



SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

96


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

BREAKDOWN OF

SAFETY INCIDENTS*

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS**

* 

Includes Singapore and material

 

global operations

** Refers to Singapore operations only

* 

Includes Singapore and material global operations

ACCIDENT FREQUENCY RATE

Workplace

Safety &amp; 

Health activities

organised

70

New occupational 

diseases cases

(excluding noise 

induced deafness 

cases)

0

At-risk staff 

attended 

audiometric 

examination

100%

New advanced 

noise-induced 

deafness cases

0

At-risk staff 

attended  

respiratory 

protection

training

100%

0.7

0.5

0.4

0.3

0.2

0.1

0.8

0.6

0

0.9

2019

2018

2020

0.4

0.5

0.4

0.7

0.8

No. of accidents  

per million manhours

ACCIDENT SEVERITY RATE

120

80

60

40

20

140

100

0

160

151.1

11.6

8.9

14.7

17.2

No. of manhours lost  

per million manhours

2019

2018

2020

Singapore Operations

Global Operations*

Falls from Height   Struck by Objects

Cuts/Stabbed by Objects

Caught in Between Slips, Trips and Falls

Machinery in Motion Burns 

Contact with Chemicals Fractures

97

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

21%

21%

17%

12%

12%

7%

5%3%

2%


Social: Corporate Community Contribution

We believe in being a responsible corporate citizen, contributing efforts in building an 

inclusive and resilient society. We have been managing, measuring and benchmarking 

our corporate community investments in reference to the LBG framework, and will 

continue to do so to make strategic progress in community programmes. 

In 2020, the onset of COVID-19 led to restrictions on physical interactions, as 

governments attempted to contain increasing infections in the communities we operate 

in. This put our plans for in-person community outreach to a halt, but we continued to 

contribute in other ways where possible throughout the year.

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

98

*** Refers to unleveraged contributions only.

CONTRIBUTIONS  

BY ISSUES ADDRESSED***

Social Causes 



Education Health 

Economic Development   Others 



Art &amp; Culture

2020

(%)

49.5

26.3

18.1

4.0

1.5

0.6

CONTRIBUTIONS

BY TYPE***

Cash 



Management's Time Employees' Time 

97.9

1.5

0.6

2020

(%)

Contributed 

$150,000



 

to President's Challenge

in 2020

Raised 

$1,000,000



 

for IMDA  

Digital Access Programme

Contributed 

&gt;$670,000



 

to Community Chest  

SHARE Programme

Community Contributions*

$1.8m



Of Unleveraged**

Community Contributions

$1.0m



Of Leveraged**

Community Contributions

*  Contributions from Singapore and U.S.; the LBG 

framework was referenced to measure community 

contributions and issues addressed.

** Unleveraged contributions are from the company while 

leveraged contributions are those from our employees 

as a result of the company’s encouragement or support.










Giving In Times Of Need 

In key cities where we have a presence, we donated face 

masks and hand sanitisers to help those in need when there 

was an acute shortage of such supplies. Our colleagues in 

Pascagoula, Mississippi, in the U.S., donated US$5,000 to  

Our Daily Bread, a charity that feeds hundreds of residents 

and over 900 toys, books and bicycles in support of the 

county sheriff department’s Santa Wears a Badge programme. 

Our colleagues in Singapore partnered charity organisations 

to deliver meals and groceries to 250 households in need, 

including the elderly, persons with disabilities and financially 

distressed individuals in the month of June.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

99

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /









Project BYOBclean 

More than 200 employees volunteered for 

Temasek Foundation’s Stay Prepared initiative 

to distribute hand sanitisers to more than 4,000 

members of the public in April.

Pledging our support 

In 2020, we contributed $150,000 to the President's 

Challenge and raised $1m for IMDA Digital Access 

Programme to help vulnerable elderly and low-

income families in Singapore gain access to digital 

devices and broadband services. We also helped 

provide senior citizens with basic functional screening 

of vision, oral and dental health at subsidised rates 

through Project Silver Screen in Singapore.

 

In 2020, the Group collectively contributed 

over $670,000 to the Community Chest SHARE 

programme. For our efforts, the Group received 

the Charity Platinum Award and Community Spirit 

Platinum Award at the Community Chest Awards 

2020.

Improving Lives Through Charitable Gifts

We inculcate a giving culture by encouraging employees to participate actively in fundraising activities and community 

contributions.














Social: Corporate Community Contribution





STEM Education (U.S.) 

In addition to the Pensacola Mayor’s 

Scholarship set up in 2019, the Group 

launched an apprenticeship programme in 

2020 with Mississippi Gulf Coast Community 

College to train individuals for the maritime 

industry. The programme offers training for 

50 apprentices in welding, ship fitting, pipe 

fitting, pipe welding and electrical works.

Enriching Lives Through Education

Education is the most compelling way to create positive and sustainable change for a better future. We work with 

partners and collaborators to provide opportunities so that lives can be enriched and uplifted.

Adult Education  

We continued to support the NTUC Education and Training 

Fund to uplift working Singaporeans through training and 

education by providing subsidies for skills upgrading and 

re-skilling. We contributed $250,000 in 2020, which is part 

of $1m committed over four years from 2018.





Besides book prizes and scholarships, we contribute to the Singapore 

STEM education scene through our support of internships and R&amp;D 

collaborations with institutes of higher learning. In 2020, we offered 

1,118 internship positions for technical and engineering students.  

Since 2015, our two co-funded Corporate Laboratories with Nanyang 

Technological University in Singapore and Singapore University of 

Technology and Design have created research opportunities for  

34 PhD students, two MSc students and 10 interns.

STEM Education (Singapore)  

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

100



1,118 



technology and  

engineering 

internship positions  

offered in 2020

$1 million



 

pledged to NTUC  

Education and Training

Fund over four years

A partner of Assumption 

Pathway School for  

8



consecutive years


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Touching Lives Through Engineering

As a technology, defence and engineering group, we have the expertise to deliver solutions to enhance living for 

communities at large as well as those with special needs. In 2020, we provided solutions to support pandemic-related 

needs, while continuing to contribute to the communities we operate in. 



101

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /





Colleagues in Baltimore, Maryland in the U.S. leveraged their expertise to design and produce quality face 

shields for nurses in four local hospitals. 3D printing files of the invention were also made available for 

complimentary downloads.

Quality Face Shields





Complimentary Vehicle 

Roadworthiness Inspections 

We drew on our engineering 

capabilities in Singapore to 

provide vehicle roadworthiness 

inspections at no cost to Metta 

Welfare Association for their fleet 

of 11 vans in 2020 and 2021.

M Y C K

ngineering_Editorials-ok_R2.indd   101

ngineering_Editorials-ok_R2.indd   101

22/3/21   8:38 AM

22/3/21   8:38 AM


What We Did In 2020

Governance

ST Engineering is committed to conducting our 

business in a responsible manner. We do  

not design, produce or sell anti-personnel mines, 

cluster munitions, white phosphorus munitions 

and their related key components.

How We Manage It

Ethical Business  

&amp; Regulatory 

Compliance

We are subject to applicable 

laws and regulations of 

various jurisdictions and 

industries. We comply with 

these laws and regulations 

to maintain our licences to 

operate and as part of good 

corporate governance. We 

have zero tolerance for fraud 

and corrupt practices and 

actively protect our data and 

those entrusted to us by our 

stakeholders.

The Risk &amp; Assurance 

function oversees matters 

relating to governance, 

risk and compliance. It 

has in place a regulatory 

compliance framework, to 

continually train our global 

workforce on our Code of 

Business Conduct and Ethics, 

and work with relevant 

functions and operations to 

strengthen compliance.

• 

Enhanced the Code of 

Business Conduct and 

Ethics and Compliance 

e-learning process.

• 

Reviewed our enterprise 

risk management process.

• 

Strengthened our overall 

cybersecurity posture.

What We Will Do In 2021

• 

Expand our Code of 

Business Conduct and 

Ethics and training 

programme to cover 

additional regulatory 

compliance topics.

• 

Engage stakeholders to 

strengthen the enterprise 

risk management process.

ESG Factors

UN SDG

We have a strong heritage 

in public security and have 

zero tolerance for unethical 

behaviour.

Why It Is More Relevant

Why It Is Material

SUSTAINABILITY

/  ST ENGINEERING

102


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

We have zero tolerance for fraud and corrupt practices, and our Code of Business 

Conduct and Ethics (Code) forms the backbone of our commitment to ethical business 

conduct and regulatory compliance. We continue to focus on meeting all relevant 

regulatory and customers’ requirements wherever we operate, including those relating 

to cybersecurity, data governance and protection and business continuity.

Governance: Ethical Business &amp; Regulatory Compliance

In support of our Code and good corporate governance 

practices, we have established risk management and 

compliance policies and processes applicable Group- 

wide, including managing conflicts of interest, gifts and 

hospitality, and the appointment of intermediaries.

Our conflict of interest policy provides guidance on 

the different types of conflicts, ranging from financial 

interest to employee relationships. All relevant employees 

are required to submit an annual declaration of conflict 

of interest. All declarations are subject to review by 

management and employees are to comply with the 

recommended actions to address such conflicts.

The Group has in place a gift and hospitality policy, 

setting out clear guidelines and principles on the giving 

and receipt of bona fide gift and hospitality items. This 

includes charitable donations and sponsorships, where 

the recipients are subject to appropriate due diligence 

before approval by senior management.

The appointment and re-engagement of intermediaries 

(including agents) is governed by a formal policy and 

procedures that entail a risk-based and thorough due 

diligence review process supported by independent, 

established service providers. The due diligence process 

includes onboarding and ongoing screening against 

sanctions lists and negative media, mandatory anti-

bribery and corruption training, compliance with our 

anti-bribery and corruption policy and clauses as part of 

the terms and conditions of the agreement. In addition, 

intermediaries are subject to due diligence checks by 

established, independent third-party service providers 

prior to and post appointment.

To reinforce our commitment to ethical business 

conduct and compliance with laws and regulations, 

we provide mandatory training on our Code and Anti-

Bribery and Corruption (ABC) topics annually to relevant 

employees including all managers and those in high risk 

positions that frequently interact with business partners. 

We continuously assess our evolving employee pool and 

expect further adjustments in the number of relevant 

employees to be trained in 2021 given the reorganisation. 

103

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

ANTI-BRIBERY  

AND CORRUPTION TRAINING

Singapore Operations

Global Operations

2020

2019

2018

14,000

12,000

10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

7,683

7,794

9,108

10,368

12,810

No. of relevant employees trained

The training programme is conducted electronically. 

In 2020, we trained 98% of relevant employees, with 

training of the remaining 2% to be completed in 2021 

upon completion of e-training module roll out.

 

We also communicate our ABC policies and procedures 

to business partners, including new vendors and 

intermediaries. This year, we enhanced our e-learning, 

enrollment and reminders are now automated, and 

an overview of employees' learning histories are now 

provided. We also rolled out an e-learning module on 

Personal Data Protection Act to drive greater awareness.

During the year, we engaged a consultant to review 

our enterprise risk management framework and the 

risk reporting process. This is to ensure that our risk 

management framework and internal control systems 

remain robust and aligned to current industry best 

practices.

Our whistleblowing policy facilitates the in-confidence 

disclosures of possible impropriety or non-compliance. 

All stakeholders can report incidents through various 

reporting channels that are independently managed. 

These reporting channels can be accessed through our 

website at www.stengg.com.

More information regarding our enterprise risk 

management framework and governance approach can 

be found in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 

104 to 125.


Good corporate governance is the foundation for long-term value creation of the 

Group. This Report sets out ST Engineering’s corporate governance processes,  

practices and activities in 2020 with specific reference to the guidelines of the 

Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the Code). The Board is pleased to 

report that the Company has complied in all material aspects with the principles, 

provisions and recommendations set out in the Code. 

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

BOARD MATTERS

The Board’s Conduct of its Affairs

(Principle 1)

The Board is accountable to shareholders for overseeing 

the effective management of the Company. To this end, 

the Board relies on the integrity, commitment, skills and 

due diligence of its management, its external advisors 

and auditors. 

In addition to its statutory responsibilities, the 

Board reserves the following key matters for its 

decision:

• 

setting the Group’s strategic objectives and 

ensuring that decisions made are consistent 

with these objectives; 

• 

approval of annual budgets, major funding 

proposals, investment and divestment 

proposals in accordance with the approved 

delegation of authority framework; 

• 

appointment of the Group President &amp; Chief 

Executive Officer (Group President &amp; CEO), 

Board succession and appointments on 

Board committees; 

• 

appointment of key management 

executives and succession planning as an 

ongoing process; 

• 

review of the risk management framework 

and sustainability performance; and 

• 

approval of the unaudited quarterly and 

audited full-year results prior to their 

release.

In the discharge of its functions, the Board is supported 

by six Board Committees to which it delegates specific 

areas of responsibilities for reviewing and decision 

making. 

The Group President &amp; CEO, Vincent Chong, is 

accountable to the Board. He is supported by the

Management Committee* which consists of Group

Chief Financial Officer (Group CFO), Group Chief 

Operating Officer and Presidents of the four business 

sectors. 

Director Induction, Training/Development

For the onboarding of a Board member, a formal 

letter is sent to a Director upon his/her appointment 

setting out his/her statutory obligations, duties and 

responsibilities as a Director. He/She is also given key 

information of the Group and the Company, as well 

as the terms of reference for the respective Board 

Committees. An induction programme is organised for 

a new Director on the strategic direction, sustainability 

efforts and performance of the Group as well as his/her 

duties and obligations under the statutory compliance 

and corporate governance framework. Facility visits 

are also arranged for new Directors to enable them to 

develop a good understanding of the Group’s business, 

operations and the respective key management. 

The Board is routinely updated on the relevant laws, 

SGX continuing listing obligations and accounting 

standards requiring compliance, and their implications 

to the Group, so as to enable each Director to properly 

discharge his/her duties as a Board member and Board 

Committee member.

/  ST ENGINEERING

104

* 

Group Executive Committee (EXCO) replaces Management

 

Committee with effect 1 January 2021. Refer to EXCO  

profiles on pages 24 and 25.


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Depending on their skill sets and background, Directors 

are sponsored to attend relevant courses, conferences 

and seminars to better equip them with the appropriate 

skills and knowledge to fulfil their governance role and 

to comply with Directors’ obligations. Where there 

are statutory and regulatory changes that affect the 

obligations of Directors, the Company will update 

the Board and, where the changes are substantive, 

organise briefings by external legal counsel.

Board Meetings

The Board convenes scheduled meetings on a 

quarterly basis to review the business performance 

and key activities of the Group and to deliberate 

significant business proposals. Board members 

participate actively in Board discussions, and decisions 

are taken objectively in the interests of the Company. 

Where warranted by particular circumstances, ad-hoc/

special Board meetings may be convened to consider 

corporate actions requiring the Board’s guidance or 

approval.   

To facilitate the Board and Board Committees’ 

decision-making process, the Company’s Constitution 

provides for Directors to participate in virtual meetings. 

If a Director is unable to attend a Board or Board 

Committee meeting, he/she will still receive all the 

papers and materials to be tabled for discussion at 

that meeting, and where required, separate briefing 

sessions are arranged. Directors are also equipped with 

electronic tablets that allow secured access to Board 

and Board Committee meetings materials. Decisions 

of the Board and Board Committees may also be 

obtained via circulation. At the end of every Board 

meeting, the Chairman allocates time for its non-

executive Directors to meet without the presence of 

management.

Information furnished to the Board is an ongoing 

process, which includes monthly consolidated 

management reports on the financial performance of 

the Group and the businesses. On a quarterly basis, the 

management reports would also include key business 

highlights and capital expenditure of the Group and 

the businesses to keep the Board apprised of business 

investments and performance updates. 

The Board also has unrestricted access to the Senior

Management, the Company Secretary, internal and 

external auditors, risk management and sustainability 

teams. The Board may also seek independent 

professional advice, if necessary, to enable them to 

discharge their duties effectively. All engagements of 

external advisers are at the Company’s expense.

The Board and Board Committee meetings are 

scheduled well in advance. The Board and Board 

Committee members are provided with complete, 

adequate, relevant and timely information by 

Management on matters to be discussed or considered 

at meetings. 

The Board has, at all times, exercised independent 

judgment to make decisions, using its collective 

wisdom and experience to act in the best interests of 

the Company. Any Director who has an interest that 

may conflict with a subject under discussion by the 

Board, declares his/her interest and either recuses 

himself/herself from the information and discussion of 

the subject matter or abstains from decision-making.

Board met

5 times

in 2020

In February 2020, the Board deliberated, and taking 

into account the business cycle of the Group, decided 

for the Company to adopt half yearly reporting with 

immediate effect and for the Company to provide 

operational updates in the first and third quarters to the 

market and analysts alike. The Board also decided that 

Board and Audit Committee meetings would continue 

to be held quarterly.

During the year, the Board met to consider, among 

other things, the approval and release of the FY2019 

and 2Q2020/1H2020 results, including the review of  

the 1Q2020 and 3Q2020 Market Updates. 

105

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Details and attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings in 2020 are tabulated below.

Board Members’ Details

Meeting Attendance Report*

Names

      Chair of the Board/Board Committee

      Member of the Board/Board Committee

      Co-opted Member of Board Committee

Board

AC

ERCC

NC

RD&amp;T

RSC

SFC

AGM

Number of meeting held in FY2020

5

5

4

2

2

5

7

1

Kwa Chong Seng1

I

NE

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

NI

E

Dr Beh Swan Gin2

I

NE

Leong Weng Keong Joseph

NI

NE

Lim Ah Doo

I

NE

Lim Chin Hu3

I

NE

Lim Sim Seng

I

NE

Ng Bee Bee (May)4

I

NE

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn

NI

NE

Quek Gim Pew

NI

NE

Quek See Tiat

I

NE

Song Su-Min

I

NE

COL Xu Youfeng5

NI

NE

Independent (I)/

Non-Independent (NI)

Executive (E)/

Non-Executive (NE)

5/5

7/7

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

1/1

4/4

2/2

5/5

7/7

2/2

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

2/2

2/2

2/2

2/2

2/2

4/4

4/4

5/5

3/3

5/5

5/5

2/2

5/5

2/2

2/2

3/3

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

5/5

6/6

AC-Audit Committee, ERCC-Executive Resource and Compensation Committee, NC-Nominating Committee, RD&amp;T-Research, 

Development and Technology Committee, RSC-Risk and Sustainability Committee, SFC-Strategy &amp; Finance Committee, AGM-Annual 

General Meeting

*Refer to meetings held/attended by each Director.

1 

Resigned as Chairman of NC but remains as member on 1 June 2020.

2 

Retired as Director at AGM and ceased as member of SFC on 15 May 2020.

3 

Appointed as Chairman of NC on 1 June 2020, member of SFC on 15 May 2020 and co-opted member of RSC for the period 

5 August 2020 to 5 November 2020.

4 

Appointed as Director and member of NC on 1 June 2020.

5 

Alternate to LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn.

/  ST ENGINEERING

106


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Role of Company Secretary

The Company Secretary attends all Board meetings and 

ensures that board procedures are followed, as well as 

prepares minutes of Board proceedings. The Company 

Secretary facilitates communication between the  

Board, its Committees and management, and advises 

the Board on governance matters including their timely 

disclosure obligations. The Company Secretary also 

assists with the induction of new Directors and the  

co-ordination of training for Board members to keep 

the Board up-to-date on corporate governance 

matters. The appointment and removal of the Company 

Secretary is a matter for the Board as a whole to decide.

Board Composition and Guidance

(Principle 2)

Board Composition and Diversity

The Board comprises 11 Directors and an Alternate 

Director. COL Xu Youfeng is Alternate Director to  

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn. LG Ong, in his position as  

Chief of Defence Force, may be called away on duty at 

times and may not be able to attend all Board meetings. 

COL Xu is fully apprised of all Board matters, receives 

notices to attend Board meetings and Board papers, 

as well as Board resolutions by circulation. As Alternate 

Director, he is in a position to act on behalf of LG Ong  

in the latter’s absence.

INDEPENDENT &amp;

NON-EXECUTIVE 

DIRECTORS

NON-INDEPENDENT 

&amp; NON-EXECUTIVE 

DIRECTOR

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR/

GROUP PRESIDENT &amp; CEO

7

3

1

The Board adopted a Board Diversity Policy in 2019. 

The Board, through the Nominating Committee (NC), 

reviews the size and composition of the Board taking 

into consideration the age, skill sets, knowledge, 

experience, background, gender, independence of 

Directors and other relevant factors. The Board also 

recognises that diversity is not limited merely to gender 

or any personal attributes and believes that having 

experienced directors with an independent mindset 

is important for the Board to be effective. The current 

Board is sized to take into account the global scale 

of the Group’s businesses and its role in supporting 

Singapore’s defence technology eco system. The Board 

will continue to review its composition and size to 

facilitate effective decision-making.

9

Males

2

Females

During the year, the Board welcomed the following 

new Director:

Ng Bee Bee (May) was appointed as an independent 

and non-executive Director and member of the NC on 

1 June 2020.  She is the CEO and Executive Director of 

Pan-United Corporation Ltd.   

The Board consists of members with established 

track record in defence, business, finance, banking, 

technology, legal and management. Each non-

executive Director brings to the Board an independent 

perspective based on his/her training and professional 

expertise to enable the Board to make balanced and 

well-considered decisions.

Board Independence 

The Board has seven independent Directors who 

represent more than 60% of the Board and 10 non-

executive Directors who represent more than 90% of 

the Board. The Code requires non-executive directors 

to make up a majority of the Board. The independence 

of each Director is determined upon appointment and 

reviewed annually by the NC.

The NC has reviewed and affirmed that the 

independent Directors are Kwa Chong Seng, Lim Ah 

Doo, Lim Chin Hu, Lim Sim Seng, Ng Bee Bee (May), 

Quek See Tiat and Song Su-Min. 

Kwa Chong Seng, Lim Ah Doo, Lim Chin Hu, Quek 

See Tiat and Song Su-Min declared that each of them 

does not have any relationships with the substantial 

shareholder, no management relationship and no 

business relationship with the Company and its group 

of companies.

107

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Lim Sim Seng is an executive officer with DBS Bank 

which ST Engineering group companies has a 

banking relationship with. The NC determined that 

the transactions with DBS Bank were at arm's length 

commercial basis. Mr Lim recused himself from 

discussions on DBS Bank's dealings with  

ST Engineering group companies. These dealings 

would not affect Mr Lim’s independence. 

Sister of Ng Bee Bee (May) is an Executive Director 

(Corporate Banking) in United Overseas Bank (UOB)

Singapore, but she is not overseeing the banking

relationship of ST Engineering group companies with

UOB. The NC determined that her sister’s position in 

UOB would not have any conflict or affect Ms Ng's 

independence.

The Board agrees with the NC’s assessment.

Quek Gim Pew, Joseph Leong Weng Keong and  

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn are considered as non 

executive non independent Directors as they are  

public sector nominee Directors.

Chairman’s Independence

Kwa Chong Seng joined the Board on 1 September 

2012. He was appointed Chairman on 25 April 2013.  

Mr Kwa is the retired Chairman and Managing Director 

of ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. The NC has

reviewed and affirmed that he is an independent

Director.

Kwa Chong Seng will be attaining his nine years of 

service on the Company’s board on 1 September 2021. 

The independence of Mr Kwa has been rigorously 

reviewed by the NC and the Board. The Company 

seeks to strike an appropriate balance between length 

of service, continuity of experience and refreshment 

of its Board members. The Board believes that the 

Company will benefit from having Directors on its 

Board who, over time, have gained valuable insights  

of the Company, its markets and the industries in 

which it operates. The NC and the Board (Mr Kwa 

abstaining in both cases) have determined that  

Mr Kwa remains objective and independent in Board 

and Board Committee deliberations. He constructively 

challenges Management during Board and various 

Board Committee meetings on which he serves and 

his extensive experience enables him to provide wise 

counsel and guidance to facilitate sound decision-

making. Mr Kwa's length of service on the Board 

neither interferes with his exercise of independent 

judgment nor hinders his ability to act in the best 

interests of the Company. On this basis, the Board is 

of the view that Mr Kwa will be able to continue to 

discharge his duties independently with integrity and 

competency.

The Company has proposed to seek Shareholders’ 

approval at the 2021 AGM, by way of a two-tier  

vote pursuant to Rule 210 (5)(d)(iii) of SGX-ST Listing 

Manual (which will take effect from 1 January 2022), 

for Kwa Chong Seng to continue to be considered as 

independent Director with effect from 1 September 

2021. If passed, the approval for Mr Kwa to be 

independent Director will remain in force until the 

earlier of the retirement or resignation of Mr Kwa  

or the conclusion of the third AGM following the 

passing of the resolutions. 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principle 3)

The Chairman and Group President &amp; CEO roles and 

responsibilities are kept separate in order to maintain 

effective oversight. The recommendation in the Code 

for a lead independent director is not applicable as the 

Chairman and the Group President &amp; CEO are separate 

individuals and are not related. No individual or small 

group of individuals dominates the Board’s decision 

making process. The Group President &amp; CEO and 

senior management regularly consult with individual 

Board members and seek the advice of members of 

the Board Committees through meetings, telephone 

calls, as well as by email.

The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board 

and ensuring the effective functioning of the Board 

to act in the best interests of the Company and its 

shareholders. The Chairman facilitates the relationship 

between the Board, Group President &amp; CEO and 

management, engaging them in open dialogue over 

various matters including strategic issues, sustainability, 

risks and business planning processes. He ensures 

that discussions at the Board level are conducted 

objectively and professionally where all views are heard 

and key issues are debated in a fair and open manner. 

The Chairman also ensures that adequate time is 

/  ST ENGINEERING

108


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

provided for discussion of strategic issues and key 

concerns at Board meetings. He represents the views 

of the Board to the shareholders.

Vincent Chong as an executive Director/Group 

President &amp; CEO, is accountable to the Board for 

the conduct and performance of the Group. He has 

been delegated authority to make decisions within 

certain financial limits authorised by the Board. He is 

supported in his work by the Senior Management.

Board Membership and Board Performance

(Principles 4 and 5)

The Board is supported by the following Board 

Committees:

• 

Audit Committee

• 

Executive Resource and Compensation Committee

• 

Nominating Committee

• 

Research, Development and Technology 

Committee

• 

Risk and Sustainability Committee

• 

Strategy &amp; Finance Committee

Nominating Committee

Independent and Non-Executive Directors

Lim Chin Hu (Chairman)

Kwa Chong Seng

Lim Sim Seng

Ng Bee Bee (May)

The NC is responsible for reviewing the composition 

of the Board and identifying suitable candidates to the 

Board, in particular, candidates with the appropriate 

qualifications, skill sets and experience who are 

able to discharge their responsibilities as Directors. 

Shortlisted candidates are recommended to the Board 

for approval. The NC is also responsible for reviewing 

and determining the independence of non-executive 

Directors annually, conducting Board performance 

evaluation, succession planning for Group President  

&amp; CEO and key senior management, as well as director 

training and development.

NC met

2 times

in 2020

The NC is continually engaged in the Board renewal 

process of ST Engineering, having regard to the skills, 

experience and industry expertise needed for a balanced 

board composition to, among other things, oversee 

governance, risks and sustainability within the Group’s 

business. When the need for a new director is identified, 

potential candidates are identified from various sources. 

The NC will assess a shortlist according to the type of 

expertise needed. The NC will also assess a candidate’s 

character, independence and experience to ensure 

that he/she has the requisite standard of competence 

to carry out his/her duties as a director of a listed 

company. 

Board Evaluation

The NC conducted a collective assessment of the 

Board to gauge the effectiveness of the Board and 

the individual Board member's performance, the 

adequacy of the blend of skill sets and experience of 

the Board, and the quality and timeliness of Board and 

Committee meeting agendas and papers submitted by 

the management. The assessment also includes the 

performance of the Board Committees. The review was 

internally undertaken with each director being asked to 

complete a questionnaire. Their feedback was collated 

and shared with the Board. The review indicated that 

the Board and Board Committees continue to function 

effectively. The NC also took on board the feedback of 

the Board members on areas for improvement.

A peer evaluation on individual director's performance 

was conducted by way of questionnaire and the results 

were sent to the NC Chairman and Board Chairman 

to evaluate the performance of each Director. Board 

Chairman and/or NC Chairman will act on the results 

of the evaluation and arrange for one-to-one feedback 

session with the director, if necessary. 

With effect from FY2021, the Company will engage 

external independent consultant, once every three 

years, to facilitate Board evaluation process and to 

provide the Board with an independent perspective 

109

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

of the Board’s performance, including benchmarking 

against peer boards and best practices.

Maximum Board Representation

The NC also noted the list of other directorships held by 

our Directors, taking into consideration their principal 

commitments. The NC and the Board are satisfied that 

each of the Directors is able to devote time to carry out 

his/her duties as Director in the Company.

The Board has considered and agreed not to set 

guidelines for a maximum directorship that a director 

can hold. Annually, an incumbent director is asked 

to affirm that he/she has adequate time to devote to 

his/her Board responsibilities. ST Engineering Board 

members are selected on the basis of their ability to 

contribute to the Board through their relevant skill sets, 

experience, calibre and willingness to devote time. 

In addition, each director is required to provide an 

annual affirmation of commitment to his/her Board 

responsibilities. With these considerations, the Board is 

of the view that setting a maximum number of board 

representations for our Directors is not needed.

Re-election of Directors

The NC is also responsible for renewal and succession 

plans to ensure Board continuity. At each Annual 

General Meeting (AGM), one-third of the directors with 

those longest in office since his/her last re-election have 

to retire. Effectively, this results in all directors having to 

retire at least once every three years or even earlier, in 

compliance with Rule 720(5) of SGX-ST Listing Manual. 

A retiring director may submit himself/herself for re-

election. Under this provision, Vincent Chong Sy Feng, 

Lim Ah Doo, Lim Sim Seng and LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn 

will retire at the 2021 AGM. Ng Bee Bee (May), who is 

newly appointed, will hold office until the forthcoming 

AGM of the Company. The retiring Directors, being 

eligible, have offered themselves for re-election. In 

accordance with Rule 720(6) of SGX-ST Listing Manual, 

the information relating to the retiring Directors seeking 

re-election is found on pages 20 to 22.

Each of the retiring non-executive Directors has 

confirmed that he/she does not have any relationship 

with his fellow Directors nor with the Company and its 

substantial shareholders.

The Board, acting on the recommendation of the NC, 

proposes that each of the retiring Directors be re-

elected at the Company’s 2021 AGM.

Strategy &amp; Finance Committee

Research, Development and Technology Committee

The Strategy &amp; Finance Committee’s (SFC) role includes 

guiding management in the development and execution 

of the Group’s strategies as well as consider and 

approve tender proposals which are above established 

contract value limit.

The SFC also reviewed the 2021 Budget prior to 

submission to the Board for approval.

Independent and Non-Executive Directors

Kwa Chong Seng (Chairman)

Lim Ah Doo

Lim Chin Hu

Lim Sim Seng

Non-Independent and Executive Director

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director

Quek Gim Pew (Chairman)

Independent and Non-Executive Director

Lim Chin Hu

 

Non-Independent and Executive Director

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

SFC met

7 times

in 2020

The Research, Development and Technology 

Committee's (RD&amp;T) role includes setting policies and 

direction for strategic R&amp;D investments and related 

activities, promoting R&amp;D and inculcating innovative 

culture, identifying areas of synergy with respect to R&amp;D 

capabilities, facilities and resources, as well as identifying 

/  ST ENGINEERING

110


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Independent and Non-Executive Directors

Kwa Chong Seng (Chairman)

Lim Chin Hu

Lim Sim Seng

ERCC met

4 times

in 2020

The Executive Resource and Compensation Committee 

(ERCC) performs the role of the remuneration 

committee. The members of the ERCC have held senior 

positions in large organisations and are experienced in 

the area of executive remuneration policies and trends. 

All ERCC members are non-executive independent 

directors.

All decisions at any meeting of the ERCC are decided 

by a majority of votes of the ERCC members present 

and voting (the decision of the ERCC shall at all times 

exclude the vote, approval or recommendation of any 

member who has a conflict of interest in the subject 

matter under consideration).

The ERCC performs the following duties and 

responsibilities:

Executive Remuneration General Framework

• 

Reviews and recommends to the Board the Group’s 

general framework for determining executive 

remuneration including the remuneration of the 

Group President &amp; CEO, top five key management 

executives of the Group and other senior 

management executives (collectively referred to as 

“Senior Management Executives”).

Executive Director and Senior Management 

Executives

• 

Reviews and recommends to the Board the entire 

specific remuneration package and service contract 

terms for the Group President &amp; CEO, who is also the 

executive Director.

• 

Considers, reviews, approves and/or varies (if 

necessary) the entire specific remuneration 

packages and service contract terms for the Senior 

Management Executives of the Group. For FY2020, 

the Board reviewed and approved the specific 

remuneration packages and service contract terms 

for the key management executives.

Non-Executive Director Remuneration

• 

Reviews and recommends to the Board the 

remuneration framework (including directors’ fees) 

for non-executive directors. 

Equity-based Plans

• 

Approves the design of equity-based plans and 

reviews and administers such plans.

Executive and Leadership Development

• 

Oversees the development of management with the 

aim of a continual build up of talent and renewal of 

strong and sound leadership to ensure the continued 

success of the Group and its businesses.

• 

Approves appointments to Senior Management 

Executive positions within the Group. 

For financial year 2020, Aon Solutions Singapore Pte. 

Ltd. (previously known as Aon Hewitt Singapore Pte. 

Ltd.)(Aon) was engaged as remuneration consultant 

(Remuneration Consultant) to provide professional 

111

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

new technologies that will enhance the core businesses 

of the Group.

REMUNERATION MATTERS

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

(Principle 6)

Level and Mix of Remuneration

(Principle 7)

Disclosure on Remuneration

(Principle 8)

Executive Resource and Compensation Committee

RD&amp;T met

2 times

in 2020


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

advice on Board and executive remuneration matters. 

Aon and its principal consultant are independent and are 

not related to the Group or any of its Directors.

Executive Remuneration Structure

Remuneration for the Senior Management Executives 

comprises a fixed compensation, variable cash-based 

incentives, share-based incentives and market-related 

benefits.

As part of cost saving measures to mitigate COVID-19 

impact, Group President &amp; CEO reduced his base salary 

by 10%, while the senior management team reduced 

their salaries between 5% and 10% with effect from 1 

May 2020. Base salary reductions were further increased 

to 20% for Group President &amp; CEO, while Group and 

Aerospace senior management teams further increased 

their base salary reductions to between 7% and 20% 

with effect from 1 November 2020.

Overall total remuneration (including fixed compensation, 

variable cash and share-based incentives and benefits) 

for Group President &amp; CEO and Key Management 

Executives decreased by 25% and 13%, respectively, 

from FY2019 to FY2020.

A. Fixed Compensation:

The fixed compensation comprises the base salary and 

compulsory employer’s Central Provident Fund (CPF) 

contributions.

B. Variable Cash-based Incentives:

The variable cash-based incentives include the 

Performance Target Bonus (PTB) and EVA-based 

Incentive Scheme.

Performance Target Bonus 

The PTB is a cash-based incentive for Senior 

Management Executives which is linked to the 

achievement of annual performance targets that will 

vary depending on their job requirements.

Individual performance objectives are set at the 

beginning of each financial year. The objectives are 

aligned to the overall strategic, financial and operational 

goals of the Group and Company. These objectives 

are cascaded down to a select group of key executives 

creating alignment between the performance of the 

Group, Company and the individual.

The individual PTB payouts for the Group President &amp; 

CEO and key management executives are determined 

by the ERCC based on the Group’s, Company’s and 

individual performance at the end of the financial year. 

EVA-based Incentive Scheme 

The EVA-based Incentive Scheme (EBIS), which is linked 

to the Company’s economic value-add and financial 

performance forms part of the short-term incentives for 

the Senior Management Executives. 

Under the plan, a portion of EBIS bonus declared for 

the financial year will be paid out, annually while the 

remaining portions will be deferred in an EVA bank. 

Amounts in the EVA bank are at risk because negative 

EVA will result in a clawback of EVA accumulated in 

the bank. This mechanism encourages the Senior 

Management Executives to work for sustained EVA 

generation and to adopt strategies that are aligned with 

the long-term interests of the Group.

In addition, the Group has a clawback facility with respect to 

the EVA bank in the event of a restatement of the financial 

results of the Group subsequent to an earlier misstatement, 

and provisions for the forfeiture of the remaining EVA 

bank balance on termination due to misconduct or fraud 

resulting in any financial loss to the Group.

Based on the ERCC’s assessment of the Group 

performance for the financial year 2020, there was no 

EBIS declared for the financial year. 

C. Share-based Incentives:

Shareholders approved the adoption of the Singapore 

Technologies Engineering Performance Share Plan 

2020 (“PSP2020”) and the Singapore Technologies 

Engineering Restricted Share Plan 2020 (“RSP2020” and 

together with the PSP2020, the “2020 Share Plans”) at 

the 23rd AGM held on 15 May 2020.

The 2020 Share Plans replaced the Singapore 

Technologies Engineering PSP 2010 (“PSP2010”) and 

the Singapore Technologies Engineering RSP 2010 

(“RSP2010” and together with the PSP2010, the “2010 

Share Plans”), both of which expired on 20 April 2020. 

The expiry of the 2010 Share Plans did not affect the 

awards under the 2010 Share Plans which were granted 

prior to such expiry, whether such awards had been 

released to participants (whether fully or partially) or not.

The 2020 Share Plans have substantially the same terms 

as the 2010 Share Plans, save for the introduction of 

/  ST ENGINEERING

112


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

new malus and clawback rights, a reduction in size limit 

(from 8% under the 2010 Share Plans to 5% under the 

2020 Share Plans1), amendments to take into account 

the changes to relevant legislation and the SGX Listing 

Manual, and changes to streamline and rationalise 

certain other provisions.

The malus and clawback rights under the 2020 Share Plans 

allow the ERCC to cancel all or part of any award to the 

extent not yet released to the participant, and to exercise 

the right to clawback the monetary value of shares which 

have been released to the participant within a six-year 

clawback period, if certain exceptional circumstances 

occur in relation to that participant. Such exceptional 

circumstances include (but are not limited to):

• 

the grant of the relevant award being based on 

inaccurate financial statements;

• 

the participant having engaged in conduct which 

resulted in or contributed to any financial loss or 

reputational harm to the Company or the Group; and

• 

the participant having engaged in misconduct or 

committed fraud or breach of trust or duty in relation 

to the Company or the Group.

The Group also has clawback policies for the unvested 

shares granted under the 2010 Share Plans in the event 

of exceptional circumstances of restatement of the 

financial results of the Group subsequent to an earlier 

misstatement, or of misconduct or fraud resulting in any 

financial loss to the Group. 

With respect to financial year 2020, share awards granted 

before 20 April 2020 were made pursuant to the 2010 

Share Plans while share awards granted after 15 May 

2020 were made pursuant to the 2020 Share Plans. 

The grants made under both the 2010 Share Plans and 

the 2020 Share Plans during financial year 2020 did not 

exceed 0.5% of the total number of issued shares of 

the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary 

holdings), which is the internal annual limit set by the 

ERCC for the 2020 Share Plans. 

The aggregate number of shares issued and/or to be 

issued and the aggregate number of existing shares

(including treasury shares) delivered and/or to be 

delivered, pursuant to the 2010 Share Plans, does not 

exceed 5% of the issued share capital of the Company 

(excluding treasury shares), even though the limit under 

these share plans is 8%.

Details of the abovementioned share plans and grants 

are set out in the Share Plans section of the Directors’ 

Statement from pages 133 to 136 of this Annual Report.

PSP2010 / PSP2020

The objective of the PSP2020, like the PSP2010, is to 

motivate Senior Management Executives to strive for 

sustained growth and performance of the Group.

Performance share awards are generally granted on an 

annual basis and are conditional on the Group meeting 

targets set for a three-year performance period. With 

effect from the financial year 2018, the performance 

measures used in performance share grants are:

• 

Absolute Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against Cost 

of Equity hurdles (i.e. measure of absolute Wealth 

Added); and

• 

Earnings Per Share (EPS) Growth against pre-

determined EPS Growth targets over the relevant 

performance period.

A minimum threshold performance is required for 

any shares to be released at the end of the applicable 

performance period. The actual number of performance 

shares released will depend on the achievement of 

predetermined targets over the applicable performance 

period, capped at 170% of the shares granted.

The release of the shares is also conditional on 

satisfactory individual performance at the end of the 

performance period.

For performance share awards granted during financial 

year 2018, the Group has partially met the predetermined 

target performance level set. These awards were 

conditional upon the performance of the Group from 

financial years 2018 to 2020. 

RSP2010 / RSP2020

The objective of the RSP2020, like the RSP2010, is to 

retain and motivate managers and above to strive for 

sustained long-term growth of the Group. The plans 

also aim to foster a share ownership culture among 

employees within the Group and to better align 

employees’ incentives with shareholders’ interests. The 

RSP2020, like the RSP2010, also allows for restricted 

share awards to be granted to non-executive Directors 

(“NED Awards”) as part of their remuneration in respect 

of their office as such in lieu of cash. Such awards, which 

are meant to align the interests of the Directors with 

those of shareholders, will consist of fully paid shares  

with no vesting periods or performance conditions 

imposed although the Directors will be required to hold 

the shares for certain moratorium periods. 

113

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

1 

Percentages are of the total number of issued shares of the 

Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings).


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Restricted share awards are generally granted on an 

annual basis. Save for NED Awards, restricted share 

awards are generally conditional on the Group meeting a 

target set for a one-year performance period. With effect 

from the financial year 2020, the performance measure 

used in such restricted share grants is: 

• 

Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)

Under such awards, a minimum threshold performance 

is required for any shares to be released after the end 

of the applicable performance period. The shares 

will vest equally over a four-year period, subject to 

continued employment with the Group and maintaining 

a satisfactory performance rating for the financial year 

preceding each tranche of vesting. 

For restricted share awards granted during financial year 

2020 which were subject to performance measures, 

the Group has met the predetermined performance 

threshold level set. These awards were conditional upon 

the performance of the Group in financial year 2020.

D. Market-related Benefits:

The benefits provided are comparable with local market 

practices. 

The Code requires a company to disclose the names and 

remuneration of the CEO and at least the top five key 

management personnel (who are not also directors or 

the CEO). Details of the remuneration package for the 

Group President &amp; CEO are provided in the Summary 

Remuneration Table for directors on page 116. Details of 

the remuneration packages for the Key Management 

Executives are provided in the Summary Remuneration Table 

for Key Management Executives on page 117.

In performing the duties as required under its Terms of 

Reference, the ERCC ensures that remuneration paid 

to the Senior Management Executives are strongly 

linked to the achievement of business and individual 

performance targets. The performance targets as 

determined by the ERCC are set at realistic yet stretched 

levels each year to motivate a high degree of business 

performance with emphasis on both short and long-

term quantifiable objectives. Pay-for-Performance 

Alignment study was conducted periodically by the 

Remuneration Consultant and reviewed by the ERCC 

for sufficient evidence indicating Pay-for-Performance 

alignment for the Group in terms of both absolute and 

relative performance.

Under the Code, the compensation system shall 

take into account the risk policies of the Group, be 

symmetric with risk outcomes and be sensitive to the 

time horizon of risks. The ERCC will undertake periodic 

reviews of the compensation-related risks.

During financial year 2020, there were no termination, 

retirement and post-employment benefits granted to 

directors, Group President &amp; CEO and Key Management 

Executives other than in accordance with the standard 

contractual agreement.

There were no employees who were immediate family 

members of a director or the Group President &amp;

CEO and whose remuneration exceeded S$100,000 

during the financial year 2020, except for Quek Gim 

Chuah, the brother of Quek Gim Pew, Director of  

the Company. Quek Gim Chuah has been with  

ST Engineering for 33 years since April 1987 and is 

currently the Vice President of Quality and Safety at

VT Mobile Aerospace Engineering. He reports to  

the President, ST Engineering Aerospace America,  

who functionally reports to President of the  

Aerospace sector. In this role, he has no dealings with  

ST Engineering’s Board of Directors. Like all other non-

executive Directors, Quek Gim Pew is not involved 

in operational matters and the hiring, appraisal and 

remuneration of middle management, including that 

of his brother Quek Gim Chuah. For these reasons, we 

decided to respect Quek Gim Chuah’s confidentiality by 

not disclosing his remuneration band.

Non-Executive Director Remuneration

Non-executive directors (NEDs) have remuneration 

packages consisting of directors’ fees and attendance 

fees, which are approved in arrears by shareholders for 

services rendered in the previous year. The Directors’ 

Remuneration Framework comprises a basic retainer, 

attendance and additional fees for serving on Board 

committees. 

For services rendered in financial year 2020, eligible NEDs 

will receive 70% of the total directors’ fees in cash and 

30% of the total directors’ fees in the form of restricted 

shares which are governed by the terms of RSP2020, 

subject to shareholders’ approval at its AGM in April 2021.

As the restricted shares are granted in lieu of directors’ 

remuneration in cash, the shares will be granted outright 

as fully paid shares with no performance conditions 

/  ST ENGINEERING

114


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

The computation of NEDs’ remuneration is based on the following rates.

From Private Sector ($)

FY2020

Chairman Fee (all-in)

750,000

Board Basic Retainer Fee

Director

75,000

Additional/Committee Fees

Audit Committee:

- Chairman

- Member

52,000

29,000

ERCC, SFC, RD&amp;T and RSC:

- Chairman

- Member

35,000

18,000

Other Committees (including NC):

- Chairman

- Member

29,000

14,000

Attendance Fees

Per Board Meeting

5,000

Per Board Committee Meeting

2,500

Public Sector NED fees ($)

FY2020

Chairman

45,000

Deputy Chairman/Chairman Executive Committee/ Chairman Audit Committee

33,750

Member Executive Committee/Member Audit Committee/Chairman of Other 

Board Committee(s)

22,500

Director

11,250

The Chairman fee is a fixed fee covering Board basic retainer, Board Committee and meeting attendance fees. The 

fee is paid in a combination of cash (70%) and shares (30%). The shares granted, as part of the fee, are fully-paid with 

no performance conditions attached and no vesting period imposed. However, the shares will have to be held for at 

least two years from the date of grant, and the two-year moratorium will apply even in the event of retirement.

Fees for directors who hold public sector appointments follow the Directorship &amp; Consultancy Appointments 

Council’s (DCAC) guidelines as set out below.

NEDs who hold public sector appointments will not be eligible for the shares component of the NEDs’ remuneration. 

100% of their remuneration in cash is payable to DCAC, where applicable.

To lend support and solidarity as the Group weathers the COVID-19 pandemic together with its partners and 

stakeholders, the Board volunteered to reduce Board fees by 10% with effect from 1 May 2020. 

The NEDs’ remuneration payable in respect of financial year 2020 is proposed to be $1,680,047 (FY2019: $1,724,587). 

Details of the directors’ remuneration are provided in the Summary Remuneration Table for Directors on page 116.

attached and no vesting periods imposed. To encourage 

the alignment of interests of the NEDs with the interests 

of shareholders, the share grant has a moratorium on 

selling. Each eligible NED is required to hold shares in 

the Group worth the lower of: (a) the total number of 

shares in the Group granted to such NED as payment 

of the shares’ component of the NEDs’ fees for financial 

year 2011 and onwards; or (b) the number of shares of 

equivalent value to the prevailing annual basic retainer 

fee for a director of the Group. An NED can sell all his/

her shares in the Group a year after the end of his/her 

Board tenure.

115

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

SUMMARY REMUNERATION TABLE FOR DIRECTORS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 (GROUP): 

Payable by the Company

Directors’ Total Fees*5

Executive Director

Salary*1

$

Variable

Cash-

based

Incentives*2

$

Benefits*3

$

Share-

based

Incentives*4

$

Cash-

based

$

Share-

based

$

Total

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

$961,577

$1,166,094

$130,015

$1,485,998

–

–

$3,743,684

Non-Executive Directors#

Kwa Chong Seng(a)

–

–

–

–

489,857

209,938

699,795

Dr Beh Swan Gin(b)(c)

–

–

–

–

4,106

–

4,106

Joseph Leong Weng Keong(c)

–

–

–

–

10,497

–

10,497

Lim Ah Doo

–

–

–

–

113,459

48,625

162,084

Lim Chin Hu(d)

–

–

–

–

132,557

56,810

189,367

Lim Sim Seng

–

–

–

–

112,268

48,115

160,383

Ng Bee Bee (May)(e)

–

–

–

–

45,384

19,450

64,834

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn(c)

–

–

–

–

10,497

–

10,497

Quek Gim Pew(c)

–

–

–

–

20,994

–

20,994

Quek See Tiat

–

–

–

–

138,184

59,222

197,406

Song Su-Min

–

–

–

–

112,059

48,025

160,084

COL Xu Youfeng

(Alternate to LG Ong  

Su Kiat Melvyn)

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Total for Non-Executive Directors

–

–

–

–

1,189,862

490,185

1,680,047

Payable by Subsidiaries

Executive Directors

Vincent Chong Sy Feng(f)

–

–

–

–

30,000

–

30,000

Non-Executive Directors

Quek Gim Pew(c)

–

–

–

–

12,500

–

12,500

Lim Chin Hu 

–

–

–

–

20,000

–

20,000

Total for Non-Executive Directors

–

–

–

–

32,500

–

32,500

# Non-Executive Directors' fees after 10% reduction. The fees reduction took effect from 1 May 2020.

*1 Salary includes base salary (after 20% reduction) and employer CPF for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

*2 Variable Cash-based Incentives include Performance Target Bonus &amp; EVA-based incentive declared. For financial year ended

 

31 December 2020, there was no EVA based incentive declared.

*3 Benefits provided for employees are comparable with local market practices. These include medical, dental, insurances, transport, etc.

*4 Share-based incentives consist of PSP and RSP shares granted for financial year ended 31 December 2020.

*5 The directors’ cash fees and share grants will only be paid/granted upon approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming AGM of the Group.

(a) Resigned as Chairman of NC but remains as member on 1 June 2020.

(b) Retired as Director at AGM and ceased as member of SFC on 15 May 2020.

(c) Fees for public sector directors are payable to a government agency, the DCAC.

(d) Appointed as Chairman of NC on 1 June 2020, member of SFC on 15 May 2020 and co-opted member of RSC on 5 August 2020 till

 

5 November 2020.

(e) Pro-rated. Appointed as Director and member of NC on 1 June 2020.

(f) Fees are payable to Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd.

/  ST ENGINEERING

116


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Remuneration

Salary*1

%

Variable

Cash-

based

Incentives*2

%

Benefits*3

%

Share-

based

Incentives*4

%

Total

Between $2,000,000 and $2,250,000

Lim Serh Ghee

27%

39%

4%

30%

100%

Between $1,750,000 and $2,000,000

Ravinder Singh s/o Harchand Singh

32%

34%

4%

30%

100%

Between $1,500,000 and $1,750,000

Foo Chee Keng Cedric

36%

29%

5%

30%

100%

Between $1,250,000 and $1,500,000

Ng Sing Chan

42%

22%

6%

30%

100%

Between $1,000,000 and $1,250,000

Lee Shiang Long

40%

30%

5%

25%

100%

Total for Key Management Executives

$8,667,903

*1 Salary includes base salary (after reduction between 10% and 20%) and employer CPF for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

*2 Variable Cash-based Incentives include Performance Target Bonus &amp; EVA-based incentive declared. For financial year ended  

31 December 2020, there was no EVA based incentive declared.

*3 Benefits provided for employees are comparable with local market practices. These include medical, dental, insurances, transport, etc.

*4 Share-based incentives consist of PSP and RSP shares granted for financial year ended 31 December 2020. 

SUMMARY REMUNERATION TABLE FOR KEY MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVES FOR THE YEAR ENDED 

31 DECEMBER 2020 (GROUP): 

117

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Independent and Non-Executive Directors

Quek See Tiat (Chairman)

Song Su-Min

Non-Independent and Non-Executive Directors

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn

Quek Gim Pew

Non-Independent and Executive Director

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

For the Board to discharge its duties objectively over risks 

and internal control, Management of ST Engineering 

meets with the Board and Board Committees frequently 

during the year:

RSC met

5 times

in 2020

a) Sustainability Oversight

The RSC oversees the Group’s sustainability matters. 

Details on sustainability governance can be found in the 

Sustainability Report on page 75.

b) Risk Governance

The RSC assists the Board in its risk governance 

responsibility. RSC’s role is one of oversight of the 

responsibilities delegated to management to ensure 

that there is a system of controls in place for identifying 

and managing risks in order to safeguard stakeholders’ 

interests and the Company’s assets. 

The RSC is supported on risk related matters by the Risk 

and Assurance (R&amp;A) function headed by Head, R&amp;A 

working with Chief Risk Officers (CROs) of the respective 

businesses and management team. The R&amp;A function is 

key to making sure that ST Engineering manages its risks, 

complies with legal and regulatory requirements where 

it operates and has the right governance and controls in 

place. Specifically, the R&amp;A function is to:

• 

work with Management to strengthen in-line controls 

and governance, risk management and compliance 

(GRC) culture;

• 

provide assurance to Management that the Group is 

conducting its business in compliance with all relevant 

and material regulations, customer requirements and 

internal procedures; and

• 

ensure continued effectiveness of GRC frameworks, 

policies and procedures in Singapore and overseas 

business units.

The Head, R&amp;A reports to Group CFO. The R&amp;A function 

provides leadership in the implementation of a Group-

wide Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework that 

allows risks to be identified, assessed, monitored and 

managed by the business managers.

Enterprise Risk Management Framework

The Group adopts an ERM framework to identify, assess, 

monitor and manage key business risks in the short, 

medium and long term. The ERM framework sets out 

a common and consistent understanding of risks and 

risk tolerance limits across the Group. The framework 

allows the Board and Management to have a shared 

understanding of the risk philosophy and overall appetite 

for risk as they establish the strategies and objectives.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

Risk Management and Internal Controls

(Principle 9)

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and 

ensures that Management maintains a sound system 

of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard 

the interests of the Company and its shareholders.

The Board received a written assurance from the 

Group President &amp; CEO and the Group CFO that the 

financial records have been properly maintained and 

the financial statements give a true and fair view of the 

Company's operations and finances.

Risk and Sustainability Committee (RSC) is established  

to ensure the Management has adequate oversight 

over the awareness and handling of risks and 

sustainability matters.

Risk and Sustainability Committee

/  ST ENGINEERING

118


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

The annual risk work plan is approved by the RSC.

There is at least a member on the RSC who is also 

a member of the AC to facilitate communication 

and access of information between the two Board 

Committees.

During the year, the Group engaged an external 

consultant to review its ERM Framework, and had 

completed enhancements to the framework accordingly.

c) Risk Aware Culture and Training

Embedding the right culture throughout the organisation 

is important for effective risk management. The RSC 

recognises good culture fosters openness that will 

enable management and staff to escalate concerns in 

a timely manner without fear, as well as promote better 

judgment, which provides greater comfort to the Board 

and management.

As part of the risk awareness and communication 

programme, annual risk management training plans 

covering covering ST Engineering Code of Business 

Conduct and Ethics, and key risk topics are rolled out at 

the Group level. The status of training is updated to the 

RSC at periodic intervals. 

d) Risk Review Process

Under the ERM framework, a risk dashboard of the top

business risks to streamline is developed and maintained

by each of the significant business units, rolling up

into a summary dashboard for respective businesses. 

Once the top business risks are identified,

measures will then be taken to develop and

implement risk preventive and mitigation actions

(collectively known as “controls”) and risk monitoring

processes. The business managers are required to

periodically review the effectiveness of the controls

implemented, and initiate the necessary changes as  

the risk profile changes.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

BUILDING A STRONG ERM CULTURE

ERM

PROCESS

ERM

REPORTS

ERM

INFRASTRUCTURE

Vision and Goals

Oversight Structure

Roles and Responsibilities

Common Language

Policies and Manuals

Tolerance and Limits

Technology and Tools

Change

Management

Continuous

Improvement

Communication

Information

Sharing

Awareness/

Training

Risk and Incident Registers

Financial and Risk Reports

R

is

k

 

R

e

p

o

r

ti

n

g

 

  

  

  

  

B

u

s

i

n

e

s

s

 

A

n

a

ly

s

is

  

 

  

  

  

R

i

s

k 

I

d

e

n

ti

fi 

c

a

ti

o

n

R

i

s

k

 

S

tr

a

t

e

g

i

e

s

  

  

 

  

  

R

i

s

k

 

A

s

s

e

s

s

m

e

n

t

 

a

n

d

 

P

ri

o

ri

t

is

a

t

i

o

n

Business Goals,  

Objectives &amp;

Strategies

Quarterly, President/Head of Aerospace, Electronics, 

Land Systems and Marine, as well as their respective 

CROs review respective dashboard of top business risks 

with the RSC. At the meetings, these Presidents/Heads 

and CROs will discuss the risk management action plans 

and measures to address these risks. At the same time, 

they will also highlight the following for discussion:

• 

emerging trends and issues in each business sector;

• 

new risks or changes to existing risk profile;

• 

new risk incidents;

• 

major risk exposures; and

• 

risk management actions taken on previously 

identified risks.

STRENGTHENING ERM CAPABILITIES

119

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

System of Internal Control and Risk Management

The Board receives, at regular intervals, updates from the 

Board Committees on the key business risks, the material 

controls to manage these risks, and the internal audit 

reports on the operational effectiveness of the material 

controls.

The Board has received assurance from the Group 

President &amp; CEO and Group CFO on the adequacy and 

effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls and risk 

management systems.

The Board is satisfied with the risk management process 

in place, and, in its opinion, that the effectiveness 

and adequacy of the material controls to manage the 

key risks have been appropriately reviewed through 

the management self-assurance process, as well as 

reasonable independent assurance provided by the 

Company’s Internal Audit (IA) function.

KEY BUSINESS RISK OF ST ENGINEERING

The RSC continues to monitor the implementation 

of risk management policies and procedures and 

receives updates to the risk registers maintained 

by the respective businesses. Such reviews include 

compliance with major laws and regulations, as well as 

business disruption risks and their continuity plans.

e) Risk Management Self Assurance Process

The Risk Management Self Assurance is a process 

whereby the business risk owners, together with the 

respective control owners, evaluate and assess the 

operational business effectiveness of the controls 

established to manage key risks that are reported in the 

respective Risk Dashboards.

On the basis of this self-assessment, annually, the  

RSC will receive written assurances from management 

on the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of  

risk management and controls to manage the key 

business risks.

/  ST ENGINEERING

120

Growth and

Competition

Human

Capital

Ethics and

Governance

Financial

Operations

Mergers and 

Acquisition

Credit

Foreign

Exchange

Cyber

Risks

Bribery 

and

Corruption

Regulatory

Compliance

Contract

Compliance

Business

Disruption

Product

Liability

and Safety

Talent

Management

and Succession

Planning

Total

Workplace

Safety

and Health

Product and

Technology

Obsolescence

Key

Business

Risks


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

Independent and Non-Executive Directors

Quek See Tiat (Chairman)

Lim Ah Doo

Song Su-Min

The Audit Committee (AC) comprises all independent 

Directors with majority, including the AC Chairman, 

having relevant accounting or related financial 

management experience. The AC does not comprise any 

former partner or director of ST Engineering's existing 

audit firm within two years preceding their appointment 

to the AC and none of them have any financial interest in 

the audit firm.

The duties of the AC include the following:

•  reviewing the significant financial reporting issues 

and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the 

financial statements and all announcements relating 

to financial performance;

•  reviewing at least annually the adequacy and 

effectiveness of internal controls and risk 

management systems;

•  reviewing the assurance from the Group President &amp; 

CEO and the Group CFO on the financial records and 

financial statements;

•  making recommendation to the Board on the 

appointment, removal, remuneration and the terms of 

engagement of the external auditors;

•  reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, 

scope and results of both the external and internal 

audit functions; and 

•  reviewing the whistle-blowing policy and 

arrangements and all significant whistle-blowing 

cases; the AC Chairman also chairs the Whistle 

Blowing Committee and is supported by the Group 

CFO, Group General Counsel, Group Chief Human 

Resource Officer, Group Head, R&amp;A and Group 

Head, Internal Audit (Group Head, IA). The Whistle 

Blowing Committee reviews the contents of the 

concerns raised, deliberates and determines if any 

action is to be taken, including making enquiries and 

pursuing internal investigations. The AC will review the 

adequacy of every investigation instituted.

The AC ensures that the Group Head, IA has direct and 

unrestricted access to the Chairman of the Board and 

the AC. The AC reviews the appointment, remuneration 

and resignation of the Group Head, IA.

ST Engineering's IA function is staffed with individuals 

with the relevant qualifications and experience and 

comprises a team of 20 staff members, including the 

Group Head, IA, who reports to the AC.

IA is a member of the Singapore Chapter of the 

Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) and adopts the 

International Standards for the Professional Practice 

of Internal Auditing (the IIA Standards) laid down in 

the International Professional Practices Framework 

issued by the IIA. IA continues to meet or exceed the IIA 

standards in all key aspects. 

The AC is satisfied that IA is independent, effective and 

adequately resourced.

The AC considered and approved the 2020 Audit Plans 

for the external and internal audits. In addition, the AC 

reviewed the adequacy of internal control procedures 

including cybersecurity issues, interested person 

transactions and the issues raised in all IA reports.

Based on the internal controls and risk management 

process established and maintained by the Group, 

work performed by the internal and external auditors, 

and reviews performed by management and various 

Board Committees, the Board is satisfied that the 

Group’s framework of internal controls (including 

financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology controls) as well as the risk management 

systems are adequate and effective as at 31 December 

2020. The AC concurs with the Board on the adequacy 

and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk 

management systems established and maintained by the 

Group as at 31 December 2020.

The Board is satisfied that issues are identified on a 

timely basis and follow up actions are taken promptly 

to minimise lapses. The Board, through the Board 

Committees, is supported in these areas by the IA 

and R&amp;A teams of the Company. In this regard, the 

Board also notes that no system can provide absolute 

assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor 

judgment in decision making, human error, fraud or other 

irregularities.

Audit Committee

(Principle 10)

121

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

The appointment of external auditors is subject to 

approval at each AGM. In making its recommendations  

to shareholders on the appointment and re-appointment 

of external auditors, the Board relies on the review

and recommendations of the AC. The AC reviews the 

adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and 

results of the external audit and makes recommendation 

to the Board on the appointment, removal, remuneration 

and the terms of engagement of the external auditors.  

In compliance with SGX requirements, an audit 

engagement partner may only be in charge of an audit 

for up to five consecutive years. PricewaterhouseCoopers 

LLP, first appointed in 2020, has met this requirement, 

and the current audit engagement partner also took over 

ST Engineering's audit in 2020.

Fees paid to the external auditors for audit and  

non -audit services of the Group for financial year  

2020 totalled $4.3m, of which $0.16m or 4% were 

for non -audit services. The AC was satisfied that the 

non-audit services provided by the external auditors 

did not compromise their independence.

The Company has complied with Rules 712 and 715  

of the SGX Listing Manual in relation to the 

engagement of its auditors.

AC met

5 times

in 2020

The AC also met with the external auditors, and with the 

internal auditors, in each case without the presence of 

Management.

The AC reviewed the financial statements of the Group 

before the announcement of the Group's half-yearly and 

full-year results. In the light of the COVID-19 pandemic 

impacting the Group's businesses, the AC focused its 

review on the areas of financial statements affected 

by the pandemic. Amongst the matters discussed with 

Management and the external auditors, the following 

significant matters impacted the financial statements, and 

were reviewed by the AC in relation to their materiality 

and appropriateness in approach, methodology and 

assessment:

Significant matters

How the AC reviewed these matters

Impairment assessment of  

non-financial assets – goodwill  

The AC reviewed the reasonableness of cash flow forecasts, the long-term 

growth rates and discount rates used in the valuation models in goodwill 

impairment assessments, as well as how the impact of COVID-19 has been 

considered in the cash flow forecasts. The AC also reviewed the stress test-

ing of the valuation and its sensitivity to changes in key assumptions used 

in the valuation model.

Revenue recognition based on 

stage of completion

The AC reviewed the various controls that were designed and applied by 

the Group in the recognition of revenue and profit from con tracts with 

customers to ensure that the estimates used in determining the amount 

of revenue and costs recognised for the performance obligations were 

appropriate.

During the year, the AC held five meetings, including a 

joint meeting with the RSC to review significant risks of 

the Company and related key controls.

/  ST ENGINEERING

122


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

On voting, each proposal was put to vote as a 

separate resolution. We do not “bundle” resolutions. 

Shareholders appointed Chairman as their proxy 

to vote on their behalf at the 23rd AGM. All proxy 

votes were received by the 72 hours’ deadline prior 

to meeting and were verified by the appointed 

independent scrutineers. 

 

The Company Secretary prepared the minutes of the 

23rd AGM which are available on the corporate website, 

www.stengg.com

On dividends, ST Engineering strives to provide 

shareholders with a sustainable dividend return and has 

historically declared both interim and final dividends. 

The current and past years’ dividend payouts are clearly 

set out on page 254.

Engagement with Shareholders

(Principle 12)

ST Engineering treats all shareholders fairly and 

equitably, and always strives to provide clear and 

succinct information to the investment community in 

an effective and timely manner. Material information 

relating to ST Engineering’s financial performance, 

business and strategic developments are published on 

SGXNET, followed by simultaneous postings on our 

corporate website.

Our Investor Relations team upholds a clearly defined 

Investor Relations policy. The team maintains regular 

dialogues with shareholders and the investment 

community through a multi-channel programme to 

promote effective and fair communication. Targeted 

events such as AGMs, conferences, roadshows, site 

visits, group briefings and one-on-one meetings offer 

opportunities for senior management and directors 

to interact first-hand with shareholders and the 

investment community to understand their views, 

gather feedback and address concerns. In 2020, we 

moved majority of our meetings online due to the 

disruption from COVID-19. 

123

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

The AC concluded that Management's accounting 

treatment and estimates were appropriate for the 

above significant matters. All the key audit matters 

(KAMs) that were raised by the external auditors for 

the financial year ended 31 December 2020 have 

been addressed by the AC and discussed in the above 

commentary. The KAMs in the audit report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2020 can be found 

on pages 141 to 142 of this Annual Report.

The AC was kept updated on relevant changes in 

accounting standards and their implications on the 

financial statements.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

Shareholder Rights and Conduct of  

General Meetings

(Principle 11)

Conduct of 23   Annual General Meeting

Arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, ST Engineering’s 

23rd AGM was conducted in accordance with the 

alternative arrangements for general meetings 

prescribed by a ministerial order issued under the 

COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) Act 2020.

 

The Annual Report, Notice of AGM and Proxy Form for 

the 23rd AGM were made available via SGXNET and our 

corporate website. The meeting was conducted via 

electronic means whereby its shareholders attended 

via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only 

stream. Shareholders submitted questions in advance 

upon registration for the attendance. The Company 

addressed the substantial and relevant questions 

received by publishing the answers via SGXNET and 

our corporate website before the meeting.

 

Our Group President &amp; CEO started the 23rd AGM by

recapitulating the Company’s growth strategy and 

aspiration,as well as the Group’s performance in 2019. 

He also provided an overview of the Group’s priorities 

in 2020, the Group’s operations amid COVID-19 and 

the mitigation factors for COVID-19 impact as well as 

the Group’s support to the local eco systems. The

presentation material was also available on both

SGXNET and our corporate website.

 

rd


CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

The Investor Relations team works closely with the 

Corporate Communications team to manage and 

oversee the Group’s external communication efforts. 

Contact details of these two teams are listed on our 

corporate website to facilitate dialogues. 

While we provide reasonable access to the investment 

community and media to help them develop informed 

opinions of the Group, we do not respond or comment 

on rumours, market speculation or forward projection 

of financial figures. In situations where the rumours 

or speculative news reports are materially incorrect 

or misleading, the Group may issue a clarification or 

confirmation statement through SGXNET.

Pursuant to the amendment of the SGX Mainboard 

listing rules effective 7 February 2020, and in line with 

the long-term nature of the Group’s businesses, the 

Group has adopted half-yearly financial reporting. 

ST Engineering will augment our half-yearly financial 

results with relevant operating information on a 

quarterly basis, as necessary. In 2020, we released 

market updates for the first and third quarters. 

Release dates of half-yearly financial reports 

are disclosed at least two weeks prior to the 

announcement date via SGXNET. The half-year and 

full-year financial reports, announced within 45 and

60 days from the end of each respective financial 

period, comprise detailed financial statements and

management commentaries on the financial and 

business performance of the Group. Links to live

webcasts for the Group’s half-year and full-year results 

in FY2020 are posted on SGXNET and our corporate

website. Audio playback is made available on our 

website the same day.

We observe a "blackout period" of one month prior to 

the announcement of our half-yearly financial results. 

During this period, we do not comment on the  

Group's business performance, financial results and 

related industry outlook. Directors and employees  

are reminded not to deal in the securities of  

ST Engineering during this blackout period. They are 

also regularly reminded not to deal in securities of  

ST Engineering at all times if they are privy to 

unpublished material price-sensitive information.

ST Engineering maintains an updated website with 

a dedicated “Investor Relations” section where 

current and past annual reports, half-yearly financial 

reports and webcasts, quarterly market updates, as 

well as information on AGM and other information 

considered to be of interest to shareholders and 

the investment community are readily available. We 

welcome shareholders and the investment community 

to subscribe to news alerts or follow our social media 

channels to receive latest business updates.

Managing Stakeholders Relationships

Engagement with Stakeholders

(Principle 13)

The Company engages its material stakeholders. Details 

can be found in the Sustainability Report on page 76 and 

on our corporate website at www.stengg.com.

/  ST ENGINEERING

124


CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

2020 Investor Relations Calendar

1Q

2Q

3Q

4Q

- Singapore Airshow 2020

- Annual management 

lunch with sell-side 

analysts

- FY2019 results 

announcement and 

webcast

- Post-results investor 

lunch

- 1Q2020 Market Update

- 23rd Annual General 

Meeting

- Citi Pan Asia Regional 

Conference (Singapore)

- 1H2020 results 

announcement and 

webcast

- Post-results investor 

meeting

- Nomura Regional 

Industrials Corporate Day

- 3Q2020 Market Update

- Post-Market Update 

investor meeting

SHAREHOLDINGS 

BY TYPE1

Temasek Holdings2 



Institutional Retail

2020

(%)

50.8

30.1

19.1

SHAREHOLDINGS  

BY COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE1

Singapore 



U.S. Europe &amp; U.K. Others  

2020

(%)

69.9

3.9

16.1

10.1

125

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 /

1. 

Shareholding profile was derived from analysis of  

ST Engineering's share register as at 31 December 2020.

2. This is calculated by summing up shareholdings of both 

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited and Vestal Investments  

Pte. Ltd. as at 31 December 2020.

1. 

Shareholding profile was derived from analysis of  

ST Engineering's share register as at 31 December 2020.




FINANCIAL

CONTENTS

FINANCIAL REPORT

127 Directors’ Statement

139 Independent Auditor’s Report

148 Consolidated Income Statement

149 Consolidated Statement of 

Comprehensive Income

150 Consolidated Balance Sheet

152 Consolidated Statement of 

Changes in Equity

156 Consolidated Statement of 

Cash Flows

158 Notes to the Financial Statements

281 Balance Sheet of the Company

282 Notes to the Balance Sheet of 

the Company

286 Sectoral Financial Review

302 Shareholding Statistics

304 SGX Listing Rules Requirement

/  ST ENGINEERING

126 /  ST ENGINEERING

126


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

We are pleased to submit this annual report to the members of the Company together with the audited financial 

statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the balance sheet of the Company 

as at 31 December 2020.

In our opinion:

(a) 

the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet of the Company set out on pages 

148 to 285 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 

Company as at 31 December 2020, and changes in equity, financial performance and cash flows of the 

Group for the year ended on that date in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act, 

Chapter 50 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International); and

(b) 

at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay 

its debts as and when they fall due.

The Board of Directors has, on the date of this statement, authorised these financial statements for issue.

DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are as follows:

Kwa Chong Seng 

(Chairman)

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

Joseph Leong Weng Keong 

Lim Ah Doo

Lim Chin Hu

Lim Sim Seng

Ng Bee Bee (May) 

(Appointed on 1 June 2020)

LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn

Quek Gim Pew

Quek See Tiat

Song Su-Min

COL Xu Youfeng 

(Alternate Director to LG Ong Su Kiat Melvyn)

ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Except for the Singapore Technologies Engineering Performance Share Plan 2010 (PSP2010), the Singapore 

Technologies Engineering Performance Share Plan 2020 (PSP2020), the Singapore Technologies Engineering 

Restricted Share Plan 2010 (RSP2010) and the Singapore Technologies Engineering Restricted Share Plan 2020 

(RSP2020 and collectively, the ST Engineering Share Plans), neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial 

year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose object is, to enable the 

directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company 

or any other body corporate.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

127

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in 

shares, debentures, warrants, share options or awards of the Company or of related corporations either at the 

beginning of the financial year or date of appointment if later, or at the end of the financial year.

According to the register kept by the Company for the purposes of Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act, 

Chapter 50, particulars of interests of Directors who held office at the end of the financial year in shares, debentures, 

warrants, share options and awards in the Company and its related corporations were as follows:

Holdings in the name of the director,

spouse or infant children

1 January 2020 

or date of 

appointment

31 December 2020

The Company

Ordinary Shares

Kwa Chong Seng

1,084,700*1

1,153,800*1

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

1,736,259

2,296,793

Lim Ah Doo

72,400*2

87,300*2

Lim Chin Hu

44,400*3

90,000*3

Lim Sim Seng

48,400*3

63,800*3

Quek See Tiat

57,900

76,200

Song Su-Min

2,000

17,600

Conditional Award of Shares under PSP2010  

for performance period 2017 to 2019

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(258,800 shares)

0 to 439,960#1

_#2

Conditional Award of Shares under PSP2010  

for performance period 2018 to 2020

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(428,600 shares)

0 to 728,620#1

0 to 728,620#1

Conditional Award of Shares under PSP2010  

for performance period 2019 to 2021

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(469,385 shares)

0 to 797,954#1

0 to 797,954#1

Conditional Award of Shares under PSP2010 

for performance period 2020 to 2022

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(545,958 shares)

–

0 to 928,128#1

/  ST ENGINEERING

128 /  ST ENGINEERING

128


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS (continued)

Holdings in the name of the director,

spouse or infant children

1 January 2020 

or date of 

appointment

31 December 2020

The Company

Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2017

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(82,264 shares)

41,132#3

20,566#3

Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2018

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(180,800 shares)

135,600#3

90,400#3

Award of restricted shares to be delivered after 2019

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

219,234#4

–

Unvested restricted shares to be delivered after 2019

Vincent Chong Sy Feng  

(219,234 shares)

–

164,426#3

Conditional Award of restricted shares to be delivered after 2020

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

–

212,708#5

Related Corporations

Ascendas Funds Management (S) Limited

Unit holdings in Ascendas Real Estate Investment Trust

Lim Chin Hu

–

66,755*4

Quek See Tiat

42,000

42,000

Ascott Residence Trust Management Limited 

Unit holdings in Ascott Reit-BT Stapled Units*, 

held by Ascott Residence Trust

* comprises units of Ascott Real Estate Investment Trust and Ascott Business Trust

Lim Chin Hu

117,541*3

60,000*3

Quek See Tiat

31,000

31,000

129

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

129

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS (continued)

Holdings in the name of the director, 

spouse or infant children

1 January 2020 

or date of 

appointment

31 December 2020

Related Corporations

Astrea V Pte. Ltd. 

Class B 5.75% Secured Fixed Rate Bonds

Kwa Chong Seng

US$200,000*3

US$200,000*3

CapitaLand Commercial Trust Management Limited

Unit holdings in CapitaLand Commercial Trust

Quek See Tiat 

94,500

N.A.@

CapitaLand Integrated Commercial Trust Management Limited 

(formerly known as CapitaLand Mall Trust Management Limited)

Unit holdings in CapitaLand Integrated Commercial Trust

Quek See Tiat 

N.A.@

68,040

CapitaLand Limited

Ordinary Shares

Kwa Chong Seng

–

29,214

Quek See Tiat 

13,000

13,000

Song Su-Min

25,000

–

COL Xu Youfeng

2,000

–

Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd

Fullerton SGD Income Fund – Class A

Lim Chin Hu

S$453,613*3

S$453,613*3

Quek See Tiat 

S$1,833,085

S$1,833,085

Mapletree Commercial Trust Management Ltd.

Unit holdings in Mapletree Commercial Trust

Lim Chin Hu

30,500*3

35,500*3

Mapletree Industrial Trust Management Ltd.

Unit holdings in Mapletree Industrial Trust

Lim Chin Hu

10,121*5

37,221*6

/  ST ENGINEERING

130 /  ST ENGINEERING

130


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS (continued)

Holdings in the name of the director,

spouse or infant children

1 January 2020 

or date of 

appointment

31 December 2020

Related Corporations

Mapletree Logistics Trust Management Ltd.

Unit holdings in Mapletree Logistics Trust

Lim Ah Doo

185,000

185,000

Lim Chin Hu

2,200*3

94,791*3

Olam International Limited

Ordinary Shares

Kwa Chong Seng

609,279*7

609,279*7

Lim Ah Doo

–

139,300*3

Combined S$350m 5.5% Perpetual Capital Securities

Lim Chin Hu

S$250,000*3

–

SIA Engineering Company Limited

Ordinary Shares 

Lim Chin Hu

15,000*3

–

Singapore Airlines Limited

Ordinary Shares 

Lim Chin Hu

44,400*3

–

COL Xu Youfeng

1,000

1,000

Singapore Telecommunications Limited

Ordinary Shares 

Lim Chin Hu

33,000*3

38,000*3

Quek Gim Pew

3,120

3,120

Quek See Tiat

680

680

Song Su-Min

190

190

StarHub Ltd

Ordinary Shares 

Quek See Tiat

5,000

5,000

Song Su-Min

140,600

–

131

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

131

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS (continued)

Holdings in the name of the director,

spouse or infant children

1 January 2020 

or date of 

appointment

31 December 2020

Related Corporations

Temasek Financial (I) Limited

T2028 USD 10-year Temasek Bond 3.625%  

coupon due August 2028 

Lim Chin Hu

US$250,000*3

US$250,000*3

Temasek Financial (IV) Private Limited

T2023 SGD Temasek Bond S$500m 2.70% 

coupon due October 2023 

Quek Gim Pew

S$14,000

S$14,000

Quek See Tiat

S$7,000

S$7,000

@ 

CapitaLand Commercial Trust Management Limited has merged with CapitaLand Mall Trust (renamed as CapitaLand Integrated Commercial 

Trust with effect from 3 November 2020), and subsequently delisted from SGX-ST on 3 November 2020.

*1 

Includes interest in 300,000 shares in Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*2 

Includes interest in 60,000 shares in Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*3 

Held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*4 

Includes interest in 17,555 unit holdings in Ascendas Funds Management (S) Limited, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*5 

Includes interest in 10,000 unit holdings in Mapletree Industrial Trust Management Ltd, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*6 

Includes interest in 37,100 unit holdings in Mapletree Industrial Trust Management Ltd, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

*7 

Includes interest in 189,279 shares in Olam International Limited, held in trust by a trustee company on behalf of the director.

#1 

A minimum threshold performance over a 3-year period is required for any performance shares to be released and the actual number of 

performance shares to be released is capped at 170% of the conditional award.

#2 

For this period, Mr Vincent Chong Sy Feng was awarded 439,960 shares based on partial achievement of targets set. The balance of the 

conditional award covering the period from 2017 to 2019 has thus lapsed.

#3 

Balance of unvested restricted shares to be released according to the stipulated vesting periods. 

#4 

Restricted shares will vest annually over four years, subjected to the recipients’ continued employment with the Group and maintaining a 

satisfactory performance rating for the financial year preceding each tranche of vesting.

#5 

This conditional award is subject to a performance target set over a one-year performance period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. 

If the performance target is attained, the restricted shares comprised in this conditional award will be released according to the stipulated 

vesting periods. The restricted shares will vest annually over four years, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with the Group and 

maintaining a satisfactory performance rating for the financial year preceding each tranche of vesting.

There was no change in any of above-mentioned Directors’ interest in the Company between the end of the 

financial year and 21 January 2021.

/  ST ENGINEERING

132 /  ST ENGINEERING

132


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

SHARE PLANS

The Executive Resource and Compensation Committee (ERCC) is responsible for administering the ST Engineering 

Share Plans.

The ERCC members are Mr Kwa Chong Seng (Chairman), Mr Lim Sim Seng and Mr Lim Chin Hu.

Shareholders approved the adoption of the PSP2020 and the RSP2020 (collectively, the 2020 Share Plans) at the 

23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 15 May 2020.

The 2020 Share Plans replaced the PSP2010 and the RSP2010 (collectively, the 2010 Share Plans), both of which 

expired on 20 April 2020. The expiry of the 2010 Share Plans did not affect the awards under the 2010 Share Plans 

which were granted prior to such expiry, whether such awards had been released to participants (whether fully or 

partially) or not. 

As at 31 December 2020, no participants have received shares pursuant to the release of awards granted under the:

• 

2010 Share Plans which, in aggregate, represent 5% or more of the total number of shares available under the 

2010 Share Plans collectively; and 

• 

2020 Share Plans which, in aggregate, represent 5% or more of the total number of shares available under the 

2020 Share Plans collectively. 

In relation to the ST Engineering Share Plans:

• 

no share awards have been granted to controlling shareholders of the Company or their associates; 

• 

the persons to whom the share awards were granted have no right by virtue of these awards to participate in 

any share issue of any other company; 

• 

the disclosure requirements in Rule 852(1)(c) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual relating to the grant of options to 

directors and employees of the parent company and its subsidiaries is not applicable; and 

• 

the disclosure requirements in Rule 852(1)(d) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual relating to the grant of options at 

a discount is not applicable.

Except as otherwise disclosed in this Directors’ Statement, there were no share options or share awards granted by 

the Company to any person to take up unissued shares of the Company.

133

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

133

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

SHARE PLANS (continued)

(a) 

PSP2010 / PSP2020 

The PSP2020, like the PSP2010, is established with the objective of motivating Senior Management Executives 

to strive for sustained long-term growth and performance of the Group. Awards of performance shares are 

granted conditional on performance targets set based on the corporate objectives of the Group.

Performance share awards are generally granted on an annual basis and are conditional on targets set over 

a performance period, which is currently prescribed at 3 years. 

The performance shares will only be released to the recipient at the end of the applicable performance period. 

The actual number of performance shares released will depend on the achievement of set targets over the 

performance period. A minimum threshold performance is required for any performance shares to be released 

and the actual number of performance shares to be released is capped at 170% of the conditional award.

With effect from financial year 2018, the performance measures used in performance share grants are Absolute 

Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against Cost of Equity hurdles (i.e. measure of absolute Wealth Added) and 

Earnings Per Share (EPS) Growth against pre-determined EPS Growth targets over the relevant performance 

period. The release of the shares is additionally conditional upon satisfactory individual performance.

Details of the awards granted under the PSP2010 are as follows: 

Participant

Conditional 

awards

granted

during the

financial year

under review

Awards 

released

during the 

financial year

under review*

Aggregate 

conditional

awards

granted since 

commencement

to end of

financial year

under review

Aggregate

awards

released since 

commencement

to end of

financial year

under review

Aggregate

conditional 

awards not

released as

at end of

financial year

under review

PSP2010 

Director of the Company

Vincent Chong Sy Feng 

0 to 928,128

439,960

0 to 3,227,862

590,460

0 to 2,454,702

Group Executives 

(including Vincent 

Chong Sy Feng)

0 to 4,215,087

2,377,103

0 to 29,215,195

8,336,431

0 to 9,428,614

* 

All PSP2010 awards released to participants during the financial year under review were satisfied by way of the transfer of treasury 

shares to participants.

As at 31 December 2020, no awards have been granted under the PSP2020.

/  ST ENGINEERING

134 /  ST ENGINEERING

134


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

SHARE PLANS (continued)

(b) 

RSP2010 / RSP2020

The RSP2020, like the RSP2010, is established with the objective of retaining and motivating managers and 

above to strive for sustained long-term growth of the Group. The plans also aim to foster a share ownership 

culture among employees within the Group and to better align employees’ incentives with shareholders’ 

interests. The RSP2020, like the RSP2010, also allows for restricted share awards to be granted to non-executive 

Directors (“NED Awards”) as part of their remuneration in respect of their office as such in lieu of cash. Such 

awards are meant to align the interests of the Directors with those of shareholders.

Restricted share awards are generally granted on an annual basis. Save for NED Awards, restricted share 

awards are generally conditional on the Group meeting a target set for a one-year performance period. 

With effect from the financial year 2020, the performance measure used in such restricted share grants is 

Return on Capital Employed (ROCE). Under such awards, a minimum threshold performance is required for 

any shares to be released after the end of the applicable performance period. The shares will vest equally 

over a four-year period, subject to continued employment with the Group and maintaining a satisfactory 

performance rating for the ﬁnancial year preceding each tranche of vesting.

Since 2011, NED Awards consisting of fully paid shares have been granted to non-executive Directors (other 

than those who hold public sector appointments and who will not be eligible for the shares component of the 

non-executive Directors’ remuneration) with no performance and vesting conditions but with a requirement 

for the Directors to hold the shares for certain moratorium periods. These shares will form up to 30% of their 

total Directors’ remuneration with the remaining 70% payable in cash.

135

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

135

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

SHARE PLANS (continued)

(b) 

RSP2010 / RSP2020 (continued)

Details of the awards granted under the RSP2010 and RSP2020 are as follows:

Participant

Awards

granted

during the

financial year

under review

Awards

released

during the

financial year

under review*

Aggregate

awards

granted since

commencement 

to end of 

financial year

under review

Aggregate 

awards 

released since

commencement 

to end of 

financial year

under review

Aggregate

awards

not released 

as at end of

financial year

under review

RSP2010

Directors of the Company

Kwa Chong Seng

–

–

284,700

284,700

–

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

212,708

120,574

0 to 2,237,693

1,676,333

488,100

Lim Ah Doo

–

–

42,400

42,400

–

Lim Chin Hu

–

–

4,400

4,400

–

Lim Sim Seng

–

–

48,400

48,400

–

Quek See Tiat

–

–

57,900

57,900

–

Song Su-Min

–

–

2,000

2,000

–

Non-Executive Directors 

of the Company and  

its subsidiaries

–

–

1,304,600

1,304,600

–

Group Executives 

(including Vincent 

Chong Sy Feng)

6,429,739

5,811,474

0 to 77,606,426

35,993,307

13,136,949

RSP2020

Directors of the Company

Kwa Chong Seng

69,100

69,100

69,100

69,100

–

Lim Ah Doo

14,900

14,900

14,900

14,900

–

Lim Chin Hu

15,600

15,600

15,600

15,600

–

Lim Sim Seng

15,400

15,400

15,400

15,400

–

Quek See Tiat

18,300

18,300

18,300

18,300

–

Song Su-Min

15,600

15,600

15,600

15,600

–

Group Executives 

127,260

2,170

127,260

2,170

125,090

* 

All RSP2010 and RSP2020 awards released to participants during the financial year under review were satisfied by way of the transfer 

of treasury shares to participants

/  ST ENGINEERING

136 /  ST ENGINEERING

136


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises three independent Directors, one of whom is also the Chairman of the Committee. 

The members of the Audit Committee at the date of this report are as follows:

Quek See Tiat (Chairman)

Lim Ah Doo

Song Su-Min

The Audit Committee carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B of the Singapore Companies Act, 

Chapter 50, the SGX-ST Listing Manual and the Code of Corporate Governance.

The Audit Committee met during the year to review the scope of the internal audit function and the scope of 

work of the external auditors, and the results arising therefrom, including their evaluation of the system of internal 

controls. The Audit Committee also reviewed the assistance given by the Company’s officers to the auditors. The 

consolidated financial statements of the Group and the financial statements of the Company were reviewed by the 

Audit Committee prior to their submission to the Directors of the Company for adoption.

In addition, the Audit Committee has reviewed the requirements for approval and disclosure of interested person 

transactions, reviewed the procedures set up by the Group and the Company to identify, report and where necessary, 

seek approval for interested person transactions and, with the assistance of the internal auditors, reviewed interested 

person transactions.

The Audit Committee has full access to management and is given the resources required for it to discharge its 

functions. It has full authority and the discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings. 

The Audit Committee also recommends the appointment of the external auditors and reviews the level of audit and 

non-audit fees.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, be nominated 

for re-appointment as the external auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

The Company has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual in relation to the engagement 

of its external auditors.

137

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

137

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


DIRECTORS'

STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)





AUDITORS

The independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, have expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Kwa Chong Seng 

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

Director 

Director

Singapore

18 February 2021

/  ST ENGINEERING

138 /  ST ENGINEERING

138 /  ST ENGINEERING

138


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Our Opinion

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd 

(“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the 

Companies Act, Chapter 50 (“the Act”) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) so 

as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the 

Company as at 31 December 2020 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity 

and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.

What we have audited

The financial statements of the Group and the Company comprise:

• 

the consolidated income statement of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020;

• 

the consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the Group for the year then ended;

• 

the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as at 31 December 2020;

• 

the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group for the year then ended;

• 

the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended; 

• 

the notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies;

• 

the balance sheet of the Company as at 31 December 2020; and

• 

the notes to the balance sheet of the Company, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

139

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

139

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

139

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Basis For Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our responsibilities under 

those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 

section of our report. 

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of 

Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”) together with the 

ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our 

other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. 

Our Audit Approach

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the 

accompanying financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; 

for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering 

future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management 

override of internal controls, including among other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias 

that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of 

the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. These matters were addressed in the context of our 

audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 

opinion on these matters.

/  ST ENGINEERING

140 /  ST ENGINEERING

140


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Our Audit Approach (continued)

Key Audit Matter

How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of non-financial assets – goodwill 

Refer to Note C3 to the financial statements.

As at 31 December 2020, the carrying 

value of the Group’s goodwill amounted to 

$786,379,000.

Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash 

generating units (“CGU”) - Aircraft Maintenance 

&amp; Modification, Component/Engine Repair 

&amp; Overhaul, Engineering &amp; Material Services, 

Communication &amp; Sensor Systems Group, 

Software Systems Group and Automotive. 

There is a risk of impairment of a certain CGU 

in the United States which is operating in a 

challenging business environment. 

In accordance with SFRS(I) 1-36, management 

is 

required 

to 

perform 

an 

impairment 

assessment of goodwill annually by comparing 

the recoverable amount of the CGU with its 

carrying amount to determine whether there 

is any impairment loss.

For the purpose of impairment testing, the 

recoverable amount of the CGU is determined 

based on the value-in-use calculations, using 

cash flow projections. 

In the current financial year, impairment 

charge of $14,431,000 was recorded to 

reduce the carrying amount of the CGU to the 

estimated recoverable amount.

We focused on this area because of the 

significant judgements required in estimating 

the revenue growth rate, gross profit 

margins, discount rate and terminal growth 

rate applied in computing the recoverable 

amount of the CGU.

We have assessed the appropriateness of management’s 

identification of CGU and critically assessed the key 

assumptions used in the goodwill impairment assessment.

Our audit procedures included the following:

• 

evaluated management’s key assumptions relating to 

revenue growth rates, gross profit margins, discount 

rates and terminal growth rates and understood how 

management has considered the impact of the COVID-19 

pandemic and market uncertainty in their estimates.

• 

reviewed the basis and methodology used to derive the 

recoverable amount of the CGU.

• 

assessed 

the 

appropriateness 

of 

management 

assumptions 

by 

comparing 

to 

past 

historical 

performance and considering the current developments 

arising from the COVID-19 pandemic.

• 

performed 

sensitivity 

analysis 

on 

management 

assumptions relating to revenue growth rates, gross 

profit margins, discount rates and terminal growth rates.

• 

involved our valuation experts to evaluate the 

appropriateness 

of 

management’s 

assumptions, 

relating to terminal growth rates and discount 

rates, by developing an independent expectation 

using economic and industry forecasts and rates of 

comparable companies with consideration for specific 

jurisdiction factors.

• 

considered the adequacy of the disclosures in the 

financial statements.

Based on the audit procedures performed above, we found 

management’s judgement and assumptions in relation to the 

determination of the recoverable amount to be appropriate, 

and the disclosure in this respect to be adequate.

141

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

141

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Our Audit Approach (continued)

Key Audit Matter

How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue recognition based on stage of completion

Refer to Note B2 to the financial statements.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the 

Group recognised revenue of $7,158,286,000 

relating to sale of goods, rendering of 

services and contract revenue. Some of these 

revenue are recognised based on the stage 

of completion of performance obligations of 

each individual contract, which are measured 

by reference to either assessment or surveys 

of work performed (output method) or the 

cost incurred relative to total estimated costs 

(input method).

We focused on this area because of 

the 

significant 

management 

judgement 

required in:

• 

determining 

each 

performance 

obligation within a contract;

• 

forecasting the costs to be incurred;

• 

forecasting the overall margins of these 

performance obligations; and

• 

assessment of the stage of completion 

of each performance obligation.

Our audit procedures included the following:

• 

understood the end-to-end processes and validated 

key controls relating to revenue and receivables cycle.

• 

assessed the relevant internal control relating to 

customer contract acceptance and terms, change 

orders, monitoring of project development, cost 

incurred and estimating cost to complete.

• 

assessed the terms of the customer contracts and the 

appropriateness of the customer recognition policies.

• 

assessed the contractual terms and evaluated the work 

status of the customer contracts and to ascertain the 

appropriateness of revenue recognised based on the 

stage of completion of each performance obligation.

• 

selected 

sample 

of 

contracts 

and 

assessed 

management’s assumptions for determining stage 

of completion including estimated profit and cost to 

complete through interviews with management and 

verification to the supporting documents.

• 

performed analysis and retrospective reviews of 

completed contracts to assess the appropriateness of 

management’s assumptions applied.

Based on the audit procedures performed above, we found 

the basis of the identification of performance obligations and 

the revenue recognised based on the stage of completion of 

each performance obligation to be appropriate.

/  ST ENGINEERING

142 /  ST ENGINEERING

142


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Corporate Overview, 

Performance Review, Risk &amp; Sustainability Highlights, Corporate Governance, Directors’ Statement, SGX Listing 

Manual Requirement and Corporate Information (but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s 

report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the other sections of the annual 

report (“the Other Sections”), which are expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express 

any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified 

above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 

statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this 

auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 

report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Other Sections, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 

communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions in accordance with SSAs.

Responsibilities Of Management And Directors For The Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance 

with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting 

controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised 

use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the 

preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as 

a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 

accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic 

alternative but to do so.

The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

143

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

143

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Auditor’s Responsibilities For The Audit Of The Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 

with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error 

and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 

economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional 

scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

• 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud 

or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 

sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 

resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 

intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

• 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 

appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of 

the Group’s internal control.

• 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 

and related disclosures made by management.

• 

Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 

on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that 

may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 

material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 

in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 

are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 

conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

/  ST ENGINEERING

144 /  ST ENGINEERING

144


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD

Auditor’s Responsibilities For The Audit Of The Financial Statements (continued)

• 

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, 

and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 

achieves fair presentation.

• 

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 

activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are 

responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible 

for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 

significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 

independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 

to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance 

in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 

these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 

in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 

the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of 

such communication.

145

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

145

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


INDEPENDENT

AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF

SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES ENGINEERING LTD



REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those 

subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in 

accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Hock Choon.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore

18 February 2021

/  ST ENGINEERING

146 /  ST ENGINEERING

146


Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 31 December 2020

148

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 31 December 2020

149

Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020

150

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 December 2020

152

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 December 2020

156

Balance Sheet and Notes to the Balance Sheet of the Company as at 31 December 2020

281

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A. ABOUT THIS REPORT

158-159

B. BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

160-176

B1

Segment information

160

B2

Revenue

164

B3

Profit from operations

168

B4

Other income, net

169

B5

Earnings per share

170

B6

Taxation

171

C. OPERATING ASSETS AND 

LIABILITIES

177-228

C1

Property, plant and equipment

178

C2

Right-of-use assets

185

C3

Intangible assets

186

C4

Amounts due from related parties

193

C5

Inventories 

194

C6

Trade receivables

195

C7

Advances and other receivables

195

C8

Bank balances and other 

liquid funds

196

C9

Trade payables and accruals

197

C10 Amounts due to related parties

198

C11 Provisions

199

C12 Deferred income

201

C13 Contract balances

201

C14 Financial risk management 

objectives and policies

203

C15 Classification and fair value of 

financial instruments

212

C16 Derivative financial instruments

222

 

D. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

229-236

D1

Economic Value Added (EVA)-based 

Incentive Scheme

229

D2

Personnel expenses

230

D3

Post-employment benefits

230

D4

Share-based payment arrangements

235

E. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND

 

FINANCING

237-254

E1

Capital management

237

E2

Finance costs, net

238

E3

Investments

240

E4

Borrowings

240

E5

Commitments and contingent 

liabilities

247

E6

Share capital

251

E7

Treasury shares

251

E8

Capital reserves

252

E9

Other reserves

253

E10 Dividends

254

F. GROUP STRUCTURE

255-276

F1

Subsidiaries

255

F2

Acquisition and disposal of 

controlling interests in subsidiaries 

in 2020/2019

256

F3

Non-controlling interests in 

subsidiaries

260

F4

Associates and joint ventures

264

F5

Related party information

276

G. OTHERS

277-280

G1

Events occurring after balance 

sheet date

277

G2

Comparatives

277

G3

Impact of COVID-19

278

G4

New or revised accounting 

standards and interpretations

279

CONTENTS

147

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

147

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /


The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Revenue

B2

7,158,286

7,868,276

Cost of sales

(5,630,797)

(6,222,888)

Gross profit

1,527,489

1,645,388

Distribution and selling expenses

(225,048)

(263,583)

Administrative expenses

(595,360)

(579,917)

Other operating expenses

(146,218)

(128,809)

Profit from operations

B3

560,863

673,079

Other income*

14,426

25,303

Other expenses

(9,328)

(7,474)

Other income, net

B4

5,098

17,829

Finance income

9,274

14,290

Finance costs^

(71,222)

(48,937)

Finance costs, net

E2

(61,948)

(34,647)

Share of results of associates and joint ventures, net of tax

30,389

38,983

Profit before taxation

534,402

695,244

Taxation

B6

(8,779)

(102,570)

Profit after taxation

525,623

592,674

Attributable to:

Shareholders of the Company

521,840

577,945

Non-controlling interests

F3

3,783

14,729

525,623

592,674

Earnings per share (cents)

B5

Basic

16.74

18.53

Diluted

16.64

18.42

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating expenses in 

conformance with current year classification.

^ 

Fair value changes of investment in associates in the prior year were reclassified from finance costs to other expenses in conformance with 

current year classification.

CONSOLIDATED

INCOME STATEMENT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

/  ST ENGINEERING

148


Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Profit after taxation

525,623

592,674

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Defined benefit plan remeasurements

(48,789)

(46,150)

Net fair value changes on equity investments at FVOCI

338

182

(48,451)

(45,968)

Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Net fair value changes of cash flow hedges reclassified to income statement

22,495

3,680

Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 

18,905

(34,897)

Share of net fair value changes on cash flow hedges of joint ventures

763

(5,379)

Foreign currency translation differences 

44,090

(48,333)

Share of foreign currency translation differences of  

associates and joint ventures

1,819

(7,371)

Reserves released on disposal of subsidiaries and a joint venture

121

2,722

88,193

(89,578)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax

39,742

(135,546)

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

565,365

457,128

Total comprehensive income attributable to:

Shareholders of the Company

547,678

459,759

Non-controlling interests

F3

17,687

(2,631)

565,365

457,128

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT

OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

149

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

C1

1,756,944

1,805,034

Right-of-use assets

C2

538,809

483,975

Associates and joint ventures

F4

468,912

453,419

Investments

E3

23,138

16,178

Intangible assets

C3

1,946,138

1,980,215

Long-term trade receivables

1,524

1,668

Deferred tax assets

B6

149,387

111,595

Amounts due from related parties

C4

8,547

4,806

Advances and other receivables

C7

58,248

11,849

Derivative financial instruments

C16

20,847

13,351

Post-employment benefits

D3

319

–

4,972,813

4,882,090

Current assets

Contract assets

C13

1,153,192

1,246,207

Inventories 

C5

1,269,192

1,311,858

Trade receivables 

C6

1,047,844

1,245,881

Amounts due from related parties

C4

46,305

35,661

Advances and other receivables

C7

317,741

339,709

Short-term investments

E3

–

604

Derivative financial instruments^

C16

23,614

6,035

Bank balances and other liquid funds

C8

730,624

453,230

4,588,512

4,639,185

Total assets

9,561,325

9,521,275

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Contract liabilities

C13

1,141,484

1,043,215

Deposits from customers

12,838

9,291

Trade payables and accruals

C9

1,667,568

1,985,521

Amounts due to related parties

C10

23,833

70,007

Provisions

C11

306,758

233,459

Provision for taxation

163,703

195,059

Borrowings

E4

496,335

1,868,812

Deferred income

C12

70,922

2,403

Post-employment benefits

D3

7,996

11,265

Derivative financial instruments^

C16

4,554

27,376

3,895,991

5,446,408

Net current assets/(liabilities)

692,521

(807,223)

^ 

Derivative financial instruments – under current assets and current liabilities in the prior year were reclassified from advances and other receivables 

and trade payable and accruals to be presented separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in conformity with current year presentation.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED

BALANCE SHEET

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

/  ST ENGINEERING

150


Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Non-current liabilities

Contract liabilities

C13

792,617

422,992

Trade payables and accruals

C9

19,338

57,983

Provisions

C11

29,801

16,994

Deferred tax liabilities

B6

166,520

174,732

Borrowings

E4

1,550,560

468,895

Deferred income

C12

50,475

34,309

Post-employment benefits

D3

462,548

380,061

Derivative financial instruments

C16

18,686

27,900

3,090,545

1,583,866

Total liabilities

6,986,536

7,030,274

Net assets

2,574,789

2,491,001

Share capital and reserves

Share capital

E6

895,926

895,926

Treasury shares

E7

(23,743)

(26,731)

Capital reserves

E8

107,034

112,563

Other reserves

E9

(89,017)

(149,445)

Retained earnings

1,402,414

1,389,966

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

2,292,614

2,222,279

Non-controlling interests

F3

282,175

268,722

2,574,789

2,491,001

Total equity and liabilities

9,561,325

9,521,275

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED

BALANCE SHEET

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

151

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


Group

Note

Share

capital

Treasury

shares

$’000

$’000

At 1 January 2020

895,926

(26,731)

Total comprehensive income for the year

Profit after taxation

–

–

Other comprehensive income

Net fair value changes on equity investments at FVOCI

E9

–

–

Net fair value changes of cash flow hedges reclassified to 

income statement

–

–

Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges

–

–

Share of net fair value changes on cash flow hedges of joint ventures

–

–

Foreign currency translation differences

–

–

Share of foreign currency translation differences of associates 

and joint ventures

–

–

Reserves released on disposal of a subsidiary

–

–

Defined benefit plan remeasurements

–

–

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

–

–

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

–

–

Hedging gains and losses and costs of hedging transferred to 

the cost of inventory

–

–

Transactions with owners of the Company, 

recognised directly in equity

Contributions by and distributions to owners of the Company

Capital contribution by non-controlling interests

–

–

Cost of share-based payment

–

–

Purchase of treasury shares

E7

–

(29,154)

Treasury shares reissued pursuant to share plans

–

32,142

Dividends paid

E10

–

–

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

–

–

Total contributions by and distributions to owners of the Company

–

2,988

Transfer from retained earnings to statutory reserve

–

–

Balance at 31 December 2020

895,926

(23,743)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT

OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

/  ST ENGINEERING

152


Capital

reserves

Other

reserves

Retained

earnings

Total

Non-controlling

interests

Total

equity

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

112,563

(149,445)

1,389,966

2,222,279

268,722

2,491,001

–

–

521,840

521,840

3,783

525,623

–

(246)

584

338

–

338

–

15,635

–

15,635

6,860

22,495

–

10,870

–

10,870

8,035

18,905

–

763

–

763

–

763

–

38,062

–

38,062

6,028

44,090

–

1,819

–

1,819

–

1,819

–

121

–

121

–

121

–

–

(41,770)

(41,770)

(7,019)

(48,789)

–

67,024

(41,186)

25,838

13,904

39,742

–

67,024

480,654

547,678

17,687

565,365

–

(1,890)

–

(1,890)

–

(1,890)

–

–

–

–

13,260

13,260

–

21,649

–

21,649

67

21,716

–

–

–

(29,154)

–

(29,154)

(5,529)

(26,526)

–

87

(87)

–

–

–

(468,035)

(468,035)

–

(468,035)

–

–

–

–

(17,474)

(17,474)

(5,529)

(4,877)

(468,035)

(475,453)

(4,234)

(479,687)

–

171

(171)

–

–

–

107,034

(89,017)

1,402,414

2,292,614

282,175

2,574,789

153

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


Group

Note

Share

capital

Treasury

shares

$’000

$’000

At 1 January 2019

895,926

(9,030)

Total comprehensive income for the year

Profit after taxation

–

–

Other comprehensive income

Net fair value changes on equity investments at FVOCI

E9

–

–

Net fair value changes of cash flow hedges reclassified to 

income statement

–

–

Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges

–

–

Share of net fair value changes on cash flow hedges of joint ventures

–

–

Foreign currency translation differences

–

–

Share of foreign currency translation differences of associates  

and joint ventures

–

–

Reserves released on disposal of subsidiaries and a joint venture

–

–

Defined benefit plan remeasurements

–

–

Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax

–

–

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

–

–

Hedging gains and losses and costs of hedging transferred to the 

cost of inventory

–

–

Transactions with owners of the Company, 

recognised directly in equity

Contributions by and distributions to owners of the Company

Capital contribution by non-controlling interests

–

–

Return of capital contribution by non-controlling interests

–

–

Cost of share-based payment

–

–

Purchase of treasury shares

E7

–

(43,768)

Treasury shares reissued pursuant to share plans

–

26,067

Dividends paid

E10

–

–

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

–

–

Total contributions by and distributions to owners of the Company

–

(17,701)

Changes in ownership interests in a subsidiary

Disposal of subsidiary

–

–

Total transactions with owners of the Company

–

(17,701)

Transfer from retained earnings to statutory reserve

–

–

Balance at 31 December 2019

895,926

(26,731)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT

OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

/  ST ENGINEERING

154


Capital

reserves

Other

reserves

Retained

earnings

Total

Non-controlling

interests

Total

equity

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

118,174

(72,054)

1,313,361

2,246,377

288,236

2,534,613

–

–

577,945

577,945

14,729

592,674

–

182

–

182

–

182

–

(1,371)

–

(1,371)

5,051

3,680

–

(29,476)

–

(29,476)

(5,421)

(34,897)

–

(5,379)

–

(5,379)

–

(5,379)

–

(43,951)

–

(43,951)

(4,382)

(48,333)

–

(7,371)

–

(7,371)

–

(7,371)

–

2,231

–

2,231

491

2,722

–

–

(33,051)

(33,051)

(13,099)

(46,150)

–

(85,135)

(33,051)

(118,186)

(17,360)

(135,546)

–

(85,135)

544,894

459,759

(2,631)

457,128

–

3,700

–

3,700

(47)

3,653

–

–

–

–

4,263

4,263

–

–

–

–

(8,652)

(8,652)

–

24,279

–

24,279

75

24,354

–

–

–

(43,768)

–

(43,768)

(5,611)

(20,368)

–

88

(88)

–

–

–

(468,156)

(468,156)

–

(468,156)

–

–

–

–

(12,247)

(12,247)

(5,611)

3,911

(468,156)

(487,557)

(16,649)

(504,206)

–

–

–

–

(187)

(187)

(5,611)

3,911

(468,156)

(487,557)

(16,836)

(504,393)

–

133

(133)

–

–

–

112,563

(149,445)

1,389,966

2,222,279

268,722

2,491,001

155

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and fixed deposits. Cash equivalents are short-term and highly 

liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and that are subject to insignificant risk 

of changes in value. 

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Cash flows from operating activities

Profit before taxation

534,402

695,244

Adjustments:

Share of results of associates and joint ventures, net of tax

(30,389)

(38,983)

Share-based payment expense

21,716

24,354

Depreciation charge

297,620

275,632

Property, plant and equipment written off

874

1,408

Amortisation of other intangible assets

81,011

92,620

Impairment of property, plant and equipment

1,617

2,786

Impairment of right-of-use assets

2,397

–

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

45,766

23,227

Impairment of an associate

4,000

4,000

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment

(16)

(9,029)

Gain on disposal of associates, net

–

(1,723)

Loss on disposal of right-of-use assets

77

–

Loss on disposal of subsidiaries

43

925

Changes in fair value of associates

5,285

1,978

Changes in fair value of financial instruments and hedged items

(1,333)

2,731

Interest expense

49,583

44,753

Interest income

(5,743)

(9,487)

Amortisation of deferred income

(6)

(272)

Operating profit before working capital changes

1,006,904

1,110,164

Changes in:

Inventories

52,955

46,216

Contract assets

96,917

(34,001)

Trade receivables

196,681

13,174

Advance payments to suppliers

20,137

(48,201)

Other receivables, deposits and prepayments

(13,625)

(55,260)

Amounts due from related parties

410

3,175

Amounts due to related parties

(2,038)

(924)

Amounts due from associates

(4,671)

2,889

Amounts due from joint ventures

(35,438)

(36,508)

Contract liabilities

468,804

(374,285)

Trade payables

(166,540)

(10,031)

Deposits from customers

5,367

(1,504)

Other payables, accruals and provisions

(103,809)

61,226

Deferred income

86,515

(1,111)

Foreign currency translation of foreign operations

(4,139)

(4,046)

Cash generated from operations

1,604,430

670,973

Interest received

6,393

9,459

Income tax paid

(78,007)

(90,470)

Net cash from operating activities

1,532,816

589,962

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT

OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

/  ST ENGINEERING

156


Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Cash flows from investing activities

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

8,741

118,172

Proceeds from disposal of an associate and joint ventures 

–

6,095

Proceeds from sale of investments

984

–

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(200,301)

(290,124)

Purchase of investments

(7,272)

–

Additions to other intangible assets

(86,832)

(104,435)

Dividends from associates and joint ventures

13,273

47,839

Investments in associates and joint ventures

(4,868)

(28,767)

Repayment of loans by joint ventures

569

19,661

Loan to associates and joint ventures

(19,461)

–

Acquisition of controlling interests in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired

–

(1,050,121)

Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed

–

8,855

Net cash used in investing activities

(295,167)

(1,272,825)

Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from bank loans

370,131

1,079,911

Proceeds from MTN issuance

1,058,400

–

Proceeds from commercial papers

524,092

1,440,175

Proceeds from other loans 

19,565

–

Proceeds from finance lease receivables

3,209

844

Repayment of bank loans

(743,080)

(1,119,271)

Repayment of commercial papers

(1,570,209)

–

Repayment of lease liabilities 

(61,271)

(92,894)

Repayment of loan to a joint venture

–

(4,000)

Purchase of treasury shares

(29,154)

(43,768)

Capital contribution from non-controlling interests of subsidiaries

13,260

4,263

Return of capital to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary

–

(8,652)

Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company

(468,035)

(468,156)

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

(17,319)

(12,247)

Interest paid

(58,338)

(56,213)

Deposits (pledged)/discharged

(10)

245

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities

(958,759)

720,237

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

278,890

37,374

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

452,095

414,400

Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

(1,506)

321

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

C8

729,479

452,095

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT

OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

157

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

A. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

General

The Company is a public limited company domiciled and incorporated in Singapore. The address of the Company’s 

registered office and principal place of business is 1 Ang Mo Kio Electronics Park Road #07-01 ST Engineering Hub, 

Singapore 567710.

The Company’s immediate and ultimate holding company is Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited, a company 

incorporated in Singapore.

The consolidated financial statements of Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively 

referred to as the Group) as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended were authorised and approved by 

the Board of Directors for issuance on 18 February 2021.

Basis of preparation

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) 

(SFRS(I)).

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention, except as otherwise described in 

the accounting policies below.

Accounting policies, estimates and critical accounting judgements applied to the preparation of the financial 

statements is disclosed together with the related accounting balance or financial statement matters discussed.

Information is only being included in the financial report to the extent it has been considered material and relevant 

to the understanding of the financial statements. A disclosure is considered material and relevant if:

• 

dollar amount is significant in value

• 

dollar amount is significant by nature

• 

financial results cannot be understood without specific disclosure

• 

critical to allow user to understand significant changes in group businesses

The financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars (SGD) which is the Company’s functional currency. All 

values are rounded to the nearest thousand ($’000) unless otherwise indicated.

/  ST ENGINEERING

158 /  ST ENGINEERING

158


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Significant accounting policies

The accounting policies have been applied consistently by Group entities to all periods presented in these financial 

statements unless otherwise indicated.

Foreign currency

The major functional currencies of the Group entities are the Singapore dollar (SGD), the United States dollar (USD) 

and the Euro (EUR).

Transactions, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into SGD at reporting date using 

the following applicable exchange rates:

Foreign currency amount

Applicable exchange rate

Transactions

Date of transaction

Monetary assets and liabilities

Reporting date

Non-monetary assets and liabilities carried at fair value

Date fair value is determined

Non-monetary assets and liabilities carried at cost

Date of transaction

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from translation of monetary assets and liabilities are recognised 

in the income statement, except for qualifying cash flow hedges, which are recognised in other comprehensive 

income (OCI).

On consolidation the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into SGD using the 

following applicable exchange rates:

Foreign currency amount

Applicable exchange rate

Income and expenses

Average exchange rate

Assets and liabilities

Reporting date

Equity

Historical date

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation of foreign operations are initially recognised in the foreign 

currency translation reserve and subsequently transferred to profit or loss on disposal of the foreign operation.

159

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

159

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B. 

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

The highlights of the Group’s financial performance during the financial year are:

• 

Revenue of $7.2 billion, down 9%

• 

Profit from operations of $560.9 million, down 17%

• 

Profit before taxation of $534.4 million, down 23%

• 

Profit attributable to shareholders of $521.8 million, down 10%

• 

Earnings per share of 16.74 cents per share, down 10%

B1 

Segment information 

B4 

Other income, net

B2 

Revenue 

B5 

Earnings per share

B3 

Profit from operations 

B6 

Taxation

B1 

Segment information

The principal activities of the Company are those of an investment holding company and the provision of 

engineering and related services.

The Group is organised on a worldwide basis into four major operating segments. Management reviews 

the segments’ operating results regularly in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the 

segments’ performance.

The principal activities of these operating segments are outlined below:

Segments

Principal activities

Aerospace

Provides a wide spectrum of aircraft maintenance, engineering and training services 

for both military and commercial aircraft operators. These services include airframe, 

component and engine maintenance, repair and overhaul, aircraft design engineering 

and parts manufacturing, aviation materials, asset management and pilot training.

Electronics

Specialises in the design, development and delivery of information communications 

technologies products, solutions and services for Smart Cities connectivity, mobility 

and security.

Land Systems

Delivers customised land systems, security solutions and their related through-life 

support for defence, homeland security and commercial applications.

Marine

Provides turnkey and sustainable defence and commercial solutions to the marine, 

offshore and environmental engineering industries.

Others*

Research and development, provision of engineering products and solutions, treasury, 

investment holding and provision of management, consultancy and other support services.

* 

None of these segments meets any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments in 

financial years 2020 and 2019.

/  ST ENGINEERING

160 /  ST ENGINEERING

160


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B1 

Segment information (continued)

Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as explained in 

the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements. 

Inter-segment pricing is based on terms negotiated between the parties which are intended to reflect 

competitive terms.

Aerospace

Electronics

Land

Systems

Marine

Others

Elimination

Group

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

Revenue

External sales

2,713,565

2,286,556

1,410,727

710,377

37,061

–

7,158,286

Inter-segment sales

2,135

32,666

29,911

341

1,729

(66,782)

–

2,715,700

2,319,222

1,440,638

710,718

38,790

(66,782) 7,158,286

Reportable segment 

profit from operations

198,567

244,752

123,703

14,366

(20,525)

–

560,863

Other income

5,059

10,578

3,114

3,984

1,078

(9,387)

14,426

Other expenses

(2,737)

(722)

(4,089)

(30)

(5,380)

3,630

(9,328)

Finance income

6,348

1,913

2,144

3,072

42,588

(46,791)

9,274

Finance costs

(39,261)

(20,576)

(9,166)

(5,039)

(48,255)

51,075

(71,222)

Share of results of 

associates and 

joint ventures, 

net of tax

34,501

(6,587)

(2,699)

474

4,700

–

30,389

Profit before taxation

202,477

229,358

113,007

16,827

(25,794)

(1,473)

534,402

Taxation

(8,351)

(23,832)

(10,711)

11,467

22,648

–

(8,779)

Non-controlling 

interests

(1,228)

(1,639)

(916)

–

–

–

(3,783)

Profit attributable to 

shareholders

192,898

203,887

101,380

28,294

(3,146)

(1,473)

521,840

Other assets

4,385,392

3,007,807

2,031,956

858,022

5,531,999

(6,722,763) 9,092,413

Associates and 

joint ventures

284,446

67,871

69,351

4,244

43,000

–

468,912

Segment assets

4,669,838

3,075,678

2,101,307

862,266

5,574,999

(6,722,763) 9,561,325

Segment liabilities

3,744,101

2,469,685

1,733,350

908,105

3,336,267

(5,204,972) 6,986,536

Capital expenditure

106,680

122,537

56,726

29,569

28,416

–

343,928

Depreciation and 

amortisation

181,859

101,231

57,009

27,016

15,945

(4,429)

378,631

Impairment losses 

38,837

1,405

13,538

–

–

–

53,780

Other non-cash 

expenses

819

31

24

–

–

–

874

161

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

161

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B1 

Segment information (continued)

Aerospace

Electronics**

Land

Systems

Marine

Others

Elimination

Group

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2019

Revenue

External sales

3,450,442

2,336,365

1,428,480

647,128

5,861

–

7,868,276

Inter-segment sales

4,580

28,281

29,164

23

2,305

(64,353)

–

3,455,022

2,364,646

1,457,644

647,151

8,166

(64,353) 7,868,276

Reportable segment 

profit from operations

314,337

223,939

89,802

56,392

(11,391)

–

673,079

Other income

13,965

11,353

5,731

6,506

808

(13,060)

25,303

Other expenses*

(7,439)

(25)

(4,422)

(83)

(2,461)

6,956

(7,474)

Finance income

14,018

4,695

1,807

3,782

76,336

(86,348)

14,290

Finance costs^

(40,336)

(22,234)

(9,937)

(5,693)

(52,665)

81,928

(48,937)

Share of results of 

associates and joint 

ventures, net of tax

38,227

(1,445)

5,579

(75)

(3,303)

–

38,983

Profit before taxation

332,772

216,283

88,560

60,829

7,324

(10,524)

695,244

Taxation

(48,914)

(32,984)

(11,459)

(9,287)

74

–

(102,570)

Non-controlling 

interests

(14,962)

24

209

–

–

–

(14,729)

Profit attributable to 

shareholders

268,896

183,323

77,310

51,542

7,398

(10,524)

577,945

Other assets

4,415,722

3,141,381

1,723,451

805,296

5,940,875

(6,958,869) 9,067,856

Associates and 

joint ventures

253,884

73,639

82,276

2,850

40,770

–

453,419

Segment assets

4,669,606

3,215,020

1,805,727

808,146

5,981,645

(6,958,869) 9,521,275

Segment liabilities

3,781,016

2,646,334

1,458,862

803,159

3,795,675

(5,454,772) 7,030,274

Capital expenditure

293,215

128,186

43,522

8,876

16,035

698

490,532

Depreciation and 

amortisation

185,359

91,753

51,308

32,478

11,359

(4,005)

368,252

Impairment losses 

26,013

–

4,000

–

–

–

30,013

Other non-cash 

expenses

954

363

91

–

–

–

1,408

** With effect from 1 January 2020, Miltope Corporation was re-organised from Others into Electronics sector and comparatives were 

restated in conformance with current year classification.

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating 

expenses in conformance with current year classification.

^ 

Fair value changes of investment in associates in the prior year were reclassified from finance costs to other expenses in conformance 

with current year classification.

/  ST ENGINEERING

162 /  ST ENGINEERING

162


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B1 

Segment information (continued)

Analysis by country of incorporation

Revenue is based on the country of incorporation regardless of where the goods are produced or services 

rendered. Non-current assets, excluding derivative financial instruments, post-employment benefits and 

deferred tax assets, are based on the location of those assets.

Revenue

Non-current assets

2020

2019

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Asia

4,415,728

5,079,390

1,841,190

1,790,865

U.S.

2,088,678

2,091,860

1,629,426

1,663,115

Europe

587,031

612,046

1,239,616

1,213,482

Others

66,849

84,980

92,028

89,682

7,158,286

7,868,276

4,802,260

4,757,144

For the year ended 31 December 2020: 

• 

Within Europe, revenue of approximately $371,184,000 (2019: $458,508,000) were from subsidiaries 

located in Germany.

• 

Within Asia, most of the revenue were from subsidiaries located in Singapore.

• 

The remaining revenue from customers in Asia, Europe and Others were individually insignificant.

As at 31 December 2020:

• 

Within Europe, non-current assets of approximately $736,042,000 (2019: $683,672,000) were located 

in Germany. 

• 

Within Asia, most of the non-current assets were from subsidiaries located in Singapore.

• 

The remaining non-current assets located in Asia, Europe and Others were individually insignificant.

163

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

163

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B2 

Revenue

Disaggregation of revenue

In the following table, revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market, major products/service lines 

and timing of revenue recognition. The table also includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with 

the Group’s reportable segments. 

Aerospace

Electronics*

Land Systems

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

Primary 

geographical 

markets

Asia

838,322

1,291,747

1,669,364

1,746,559

1,095,147

996,353

U.S.

751,879

780,228

309,404

273,048

269,828

382,407

Europe

961,756

1,134,494

201,684

181,368

3,527

10,424

Others

163,743

248,553

138,770

163,671

72,136

68,460

2,715,700

3,455,022

2,319,222

2,364,646

1,440,638

1,457,644

Major products/ 

service lines

Sale of goods

1,086,759

1,144,895

508,595

524,364

996,686

1,017,422

Service income

154,010

202,318

797,342

725,629

411,518

423,544

Contract revenue

1,474,931

2,107,809

1,013,285

1,114,653

32,434

16,678

2,715,700

3,455,022

2,319,222

2,364,646

1,440,638

1,457,644

Timing of revenue 

recognition

Transferred at 

a point in time

1,280,568

1,538,804

959,805

1,063,140

1,073,587

1,138,438

Transferred over time

1,435,132

1,916,218

1,359,417

1,301,506

367,051

319,206

2,715,700

3,455,022

2,319,222

2,364,646

1,440,638

1,457,644

* 

With effect from 1 January 2020, Miltope Corporation was re-organised from Others into Electronics sector and comparatives were 

restated in conformance with current year classification.

Timing of revenue recognised and the classification of major products/service lines in Aerospace were 

reclassified in conformance with current year classification.

/  ST ENGINEERING

164 /  ST ENGINEERING

164


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Marine

Others

Elimination

Group

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

261,503

326,541

37,591

6,843

(66,782)

(64,232)

3,835,145

4,303,811

373,675

209,998

12

121

–

(121)

1,704,798

1,645,681

34,236

52,323

806

971

–

–

1,202,009

1,379,580

41,304

58,289

381

231

–

–

416,334

539,204

710,718

647,151

38,790

8,166

(66,782)

(64,353)

7,158,286

7,868,276

4,724

6,221

36,143

5,064

(10,789)

(4,135)

2,622,118

2,693,831

270,774

320,054

2,647

2,806

(36,215)

(39,240)

1,600,076

1,635,111

435,220

320,876

–

296

(19,778)

(20,978)

2,936,092

3,539,334

710,718

647,151

38,790

8,166

(66,782)

(64,353)

7,158,286

7,868,276

4,724

6,221

37,118

5,658

(20,706)

(22,702)

3,335,096

3,729,559

705,994

640,930

1,672

2,508

(46,076)

(41,651)

3,823,190

4,138,717

710,718

647,151

38,790

8,166

(66,782)

(64,353)

7,158,286

7,868,276

165

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

165

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B2 

Revenue (continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in contracts with customers. The Group 

recognises revenue when it transfers control over a good or service to the customer. 

The following provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations 

in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related revenue recognition policies.

(a) 

Revenue from sale of goods 

Revenue is recognised when goods are delivered to the customer and the criteria for acceptance 

have been satisfied. Where applicable, a portion of the contract consideration is received in advance 

from the customers and the remaining consideration is received after delivery. 

(b) 

Revenue from services rendered 

Revenue from services rendered are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied. Payments 

are due from customers based on the agreed billing milestones stipulated in the contracts or based 

on the amounts certified by the customers. 

Where performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses, revenue is recognised 

progressively based on the percentage of completion method. The stage of completion is assessed 

by reference to assessment of work performed (output method) or the cost incurred relative to total 

estimated costs (input method) depending on which method commensurates with the pattern of 

transfer of control to the customer. The related costs are recognised in profit or loss when they are 

incurred, unless they relate to future performance obligations. 

If the value of services rendered for the contract exceeds payments received from the customer, a 

contract asset is recognised and presented separately on the balance sheet. The contract asset is 

transferred to receivables when the entitlement to payment becomes unconditional. If the amounts 

invoiced to the customer exceeds the value of services rendered, a contract liability is recognised 

and separately presented on the balance sheet.

(c) 

Revenue from long-term contracts 

The Group builds specialised assets customised to customers’ order for which the Group does not 

have an alternative use. These contracts can span several years.

(i) 

Contracts with enforceable right to payment 

The Group has determined that for contracts where the Group has an enforceable right 

to payment, the customer controls all of the work-in-progress. This is because under 

those contracts, the assets are at the customer’s specification and the Group is entitled to 

reimbursement of costs incurred to date, including a reasonable margin when the contract 

is terminated by the customer. Progress billings to the customer are based on a payment 

schedule in the contract that is dependent on the achievement of specified milestones.

/  ST ENGINEERING

166 /  ST ENGINEERING

166


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B2 

Revenue (continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

(c) 

Revenue from long-term contracts (continued)

(i) 

Contracts with enforceable right to payment (continued)

Revenue is recognised over time. The stage of completion is typically assessed by reference 

to either surveys of work performed (output method) or the cost incurred relative to total 

estimated costs (input method) depending on which method commensurates with the pattern 

of transfer of control to the customer.

(ii) 

Contracts without enforceable right to payment 

For contracts where the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment, customers 

do not take control of the specialised asset until they are completed. At the inception of 

the contract, the customers usually make an advance payment that is not refundable if the 

contract is cancelled. The advance payment is presented as a contract liability. The rest of the 

consideration is only billed upon acceptance by the customer. 

Revenue is recognised at a point in time when the assets are completed and have been 

accepted by customers.

When the period between the satisfaction of a performance obligation and payment by the customer exceeds 

a year, the Group adjusts the transaction price with its customer and recognises a financing component. In 

adjusting for the financing component, the Group uses a discount rate that would be reflected separately 

as a financing income from contract inception. 

For contracts with variable consideration (i.e. liquidated damages, bonus and penalty adjustments), revenue 

is recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a reversal of previously recognised revenue will not 

occur. Therefore, the amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for possibility of delays to the projects and 

ability to meet key performance indicators stipulated in the contract. The Group reviews the progress of the 

projects at each reporting date and updates the transaction price accordingly. 

The Group accounts for modifications to the scope or price of a contract as separate contracts if the 

modification adds distinct goods or services at their stand-alone selling prices. For contract modifications 

that add distinct goods or services but not at their stand-alone selling prices, the Group combines the 

remaining consideration in the original contract with the consideration promised in the modification 

to create a new transaction price that is then allocated to all remaining performance obligations to be 

satisfied. For contract modifications that do not add distinct goods or services, the Group accounts for the 

modification as a continuation of the original contract and recognises a cumulative adjustment to revenue 

at the date of modification.

167

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

167

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B2 

Revenue (continued)

Key estimate and judgement: Revenue recognition

Judgement is applied in determining:

• 

whether performance obligations are distinct.

Requires an assessment of whether the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its 

own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and if the promise is 

separately identifiable from other promises in the contract.

• 

the transaction price for contracts with variable consideration (e.g. bonus, liquidated damages, 

penalties, etc).

Requires an evaluation of potential risk and factors which may affect completion or delivery of the 

contract, in accordance with contract obligations.

• 

estimated cost to complete.

For revenue recognised over time, the percentage of completion is assessed by reference to the 

contract costs incurred till date in proportion to the total estimated costs for each contract. In 

making the estimates, management relies on the expertise of its project team and past experience of 

completed projects. The estimated total costs is reviewed regularly and adjusted where necessary, 

with the corresponding effect of the change being recognised prospectively from the date of change.

B3 

Profit from operations

Profit from operations are arrived after charging the following items (excluding those disclosed in the other 

notes to the financial statements):

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

After charging

Auditors’ remuneration

– auditors of the Company 

2,322

3,862

– other auditors#

1,833

1,741

Non-audit fees

– auditors of the Company

143

597

– other auditors#

17

1,112

Fees paid to a firm of which a director is a member

1,890

420

Allowance for inventory obsolescence

40,001

76,780

Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets

26,686

53,473

Provision for onerous contracts 

91,177

16,305

Property, plant and equipment written off

874

1,408

Research, design and development expenses 

103,558

100,605

Short-term lease expense 

14,618

29,284

Low-value assets lease expense

2,118

2,638

# 

Refers to overseas practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (2019: other member firms of KPMG International)

/  ST ENGINEERING

168 /  ST ENGINEERING

168


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B4 

Other income, net

Group

Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Other income

Rental income

4,181

4,084

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

16

9,029

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries

–

571

Gain on disposal of associates

–

1,723

Others

10,229

9,896

14,426

25,303

Other expenses

Loss on disposal of subsidiaries

(43)

(1,496)

Impairment of an associate

F4

(4,000)

(4,000)

Fair value changes of investment in associates

(5,285)

(1,978)

(9,328)

(7,474)

Other income, net, recognised in profit or loss

5,098

17,829

Recognition and measurement

(i) 

Government grants are recognised as a receivable at fair value when there is reasonable assurance 

that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all the attached conditions.  

Government grants receivable are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them 

with the related costs which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic basis. Grant relating 

to expense is deducted in reporting the related expense.

Grants relating to depreciable assets are recognised in profit or loss over the estimated useful lives 

of the relevant assets.

(ii) 

Rental income from leasing facilities is accounted on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

(iii) 

The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment, subsidiary, associate or joint 

venture is determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of the 

disposed item.

169

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

169

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B5 

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share

The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of earnings per share is arrived at 

as follows:

Company

2020

2019

(in thousands)

Number of shares 

Issued ordinary shares at beginning of the year

3,115,741

3,119,794

Effect of performance shares and restricted shares released

5,981

5,328

Effect of treasury shares held

(4,481)

(5,794)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares issued during the year

3,117,241

3,119,328

Diluted earnings per share

When calculating diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares is adjusted for 

the effect of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Group has two categories of dilutive potential ordinary 

shares from performance share plans and restricted share plans (2019: two categories of dilutive potential 

ordinary shares from performance share plans and restricted share plans). 

The weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for the dilutive potential shares is as follows:

Company

2020

2019

(in thousands)

Number of shares

Weighted average number of ordinary shares  

(used in the calculation of basic earnings per share)

3,117,241

3,119,328

Adjustment for dilutive potential ordinary shares 

18,808

18,205

Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) during the year

3,136,049

3,137,533

/  ST ENGINEERING

170 /  ST ENGINEERING

170


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B6 

Taxation

(i) 

Tax expenses

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Current income tax

Current year

81,354

193,893

Overprovision in respect of prior years

(24,061)

(9,211)

57,293

184,682

Deferred income tax

Current year

(59,825)

(69,565)

Under/(over)provision in respect of prior years

14,501

(12,320)

Effect of change in tax rates

(3,190)

(227)

(48,514)

(82,112)

8,779

102,570

A reconciliation between tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the applicable 

corporate tax rate for the year ended 31 December is as follows:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Profit before taxation

534,402

695,244

Taxation at statutory tax rate of 17% (2019: 17%)

90,848

118,191

Adjustments:

Income not subject to tax

(48,302)

(3,786)

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes

11,459

17,571

Different tax rates of other countries

(239)

7,416

Overprovision in respect of prior years

(9,560)

(21,531)

Effect of change in tax rates

(3,190)

(227)

Effect of results of associates and joint ventures presented net of tax

(5,166)

(6,627)

Tax incentives

(776)

(1,346)

Deferred tax assets not recognised

6,753

7,692

Deferred tax assets previously not recognised now utilised

(33,334)

(11,792)

Others

286

(2,991)

8,779

102,570

171

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

171

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B6 

Taxation (continued)

(ii) 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities

(a) 

Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Assets

Liabilities

Group

2020

2019

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Property, plant and equipment

(1,741)

(2,275)

129,803

95,790

Intangible assets

(6,720)

(13,136)

212,667

190,016

Allowance for doubtful debts

(1,702)

(1,987)

–

–

Allowance for inventory 

obsolescence

(27,751)

(26,869)

–

–

Provisions and accruals

(173,179)

(127,913)

2,701

575

Lease liabilities 

(3,089)

(4,461)

4,201

3,710

Unabsorbed capital allowances and 

unutilised tax losses

(118,445)

(45,190)

22,821

8,377

Fair value of derivative financial 

instruments designated as cash 

flow hedges

(6,946)

(10,791)

11,384

838

Fair value of defined benefit plans

(49,390)

(27,013)

–

–

Other items

(8,621)

(13,777)

31,140

37,243

Deferred tax (assets)/liabilities

(397,584)

(273,412)

414,717

336,549

Set off of tax

248,197

161,817

(248,197)

(161,817)

Net deferred tax (assets)/liabilities

(149,387)

(111,595)

166,520

174,732

The Group’s lease payments are deductible upon payment for tax purposes. In accounting for 

the deferred tax relating to the lease, the Group considers the asset and liability collectively and 

accounts for the deferred taxation on a net basis. 

/  ST ENGINEERING

172 /  ST ENGINEERING

172


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B6 

Taxation (continued)

(ii) 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)

(b) 

Unrecognised deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Tax losses

505,322

477,912

Deductible temporary differences

37,537

30,571

Unabsorbed wear and tear allowance and investment allowance

5,286

5,456

548,145

513,939

The Group has the above unrecognised deferred tax assets which have no expiry date except 

for the amount of $54,135,000 which will expire from 2023 to 2038. The unrecognised deferred 

tax assets can be carried forward and used to offset against future taxable income subject to 

meeting certain statutory requirements by companies with unrecognised tax losses and capital 

allowances in their respective countries of incorporation. 

(c) 

Unrecognised temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries

As at 31 December 2020, a deferred tax liability of $126,397,000 (2019: $133,105,000) for 

temporary difference of $521,403,000 (2019: $559,899,000) related to undistributed earnings 

of certain subsidiaries was not recognised as the Group has determined that the undistributed 

profits of its overseas subsidiaries will not be remitted to Singapore in the foreseeable future, 

but will be retained for organic growth and acquisitions.

173

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

173

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B6 

Taxation (continued)

(ii) 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)

(d) 

Movement in deferred tax balances during the year: 

Group

As at 

1 January

2019

Recognised

in profit 

or loss

Recognised 

in other

comprehensive

income

Acquisition/

deconsolidation

of subsidiaries

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Property, plant and equipment

111,018

(21,603)

–

3,251

Intangible assets

178,154

(16,570)

–

15,924

Allowance for doubtful debts

(1,721)

(294)

–

–

Allowance for inventory 

obsolescence

(20,396)

(6,657)

–

(21)

Provisions and accruals

(110,042)

(22,750)

–

1,814

Lease liabilities

–

(758)

–

–

Unabsorbed capital allowances 

and unutilised tax losses

(56,682)

(22,321)

(64)

(1,894)

Fair value of derivative financial 

instruments designated as 

cash flow hedges

(6,917)

(74)

(3,132)

–

Fair value of defined 

benefit plans

(13,798)

(202)

(13,898)

–

Other items

18,974

9,117

(4,728)

(61)

98,590

(82,112)

(21,822)

19,013

/  ST ENGINEERING

174 /  ST ENGINEERING

174


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Utilisation 

of tax 

losses

Exchange

difference

As at 

31 December

2019

Recognised

in profit

or loss

Recognised

in other

comprehensive

income

Utilisation 

of tax 

losses

Exchange

difference

As at 

31 December

2020

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

1,268

(419)

93,515

35,563

–

787

(1,803)

128,062

423

(1,051)

176,880

31,330

–

415

(2,678)

205,947

–

28

(1,987)

235

–

19

31

(1,702)

–

205

(26,869)

(871)

–

(389)

378

(27,751)

3,207

433

(127,338)

(44,057)

–

1,824

(907)

(170,478)

–

7

(751)

2,041

–

(79)

(99)

1,112

43,328

820

(36,813)

(65,811)

–

(1,865)

8,867

(95,622)

–

170

(9,953)

(107)

14,901

8

(411)

4,438

–

885

(27,013)

(4,261)

(16,125)

–

(1,991)

(49,390)

–

164

23,466

(2,576)

–

1,698

(71)

22,517

48,226

1,242

63,137

(48,514)

(1,224)

2,418

1,316

17,133

175

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

175

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

B6 

Taxation (continued)

Recognition and measurement

Current tax

Current tax is measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the tax authorities, using 

tax rates and tax laws that are enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax is accounted for in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the 

carrying amount of assets and liabilities and the corresponding tax base.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised 

for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses, to the 

extent that it is probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to utilise them. 

However, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised for:

• 

temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a 

business combination which affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss; and 

• 

taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists and they relate 

to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity.

Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business 

combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income. 

Estimate and judgement: Income taxes

The Group is subject to income taxes in Singapore and jurisdictions where it has foreign operations. 

Judgement is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and in assessing whether 

deferred tax balances are recognised on the balance sheet. Changes in circumstances will alter expectations, 

which may impact the amount of provision for income taxes and deferred tax balances recognised.

Estimate and judgement: Recovery of deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it 

is probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to utilise them. Judgement and estimates 

are required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely 

timing and the level of future taxable profits.

/  ST ENGINEERING

176 /  ST ENGINEERING

176


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C. 

OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

This section provides information relating to the operating assets and liabilities of the Group. 

The Group maintains a strong balance sheet to support the Group’s strategy to maximise returns to the 

shareholders through efficient use of capital, taking into consideration the Group’s expenditures, growth and 

investment requirements.

C1 

Property, plant and equipment 

C9 

Trade payables and accruals

C2 

Right-of-use assets 

C10 Amounts due to related parties

C3 

Intangible assets 

C11 Provisions

C4 

Amounts due from related parties 

C12 Deferred income 

C5 

Inventories  

C13 Contract balances

C6 

Trade receivables 

C14 Financial risk management objectives and policies

C7 

Advances and other receivables  

C15 Classification and fair value of financial instruments

C8 

Bank balances and other liquid funds  

C16 Derivative financial instruments 

177

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

177

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment

Group

Freehold land,

buildings and

improvements

Wharves, 

floating docks

and boats

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2020

1,401,852

144,321

Additions

29,307

198

Disposals/write-off

(5,520)

(491)

Reclassifications

53,881

428

Translation difference

5,682

(768)

At 31 December 2020

1,485,202

143,688

Accumulated depreciation and impairment

At 1 January 2020

734,560

118,088

Depreciation charge/impairment losses

57,603

2,978

Disposals/write-off

(5,406)

(491)

Reclassifications

1

–

Translation difference

(2,003)

(429)

At 31 December 2020

784,755

120,146

Net book value

At 31 December 2020

700,447

23,542

Cost

At 1 January 2019

1,353,537

314,966

Additions

36,581

–

Disposals/write-off

(3,110)

(170,660)

Acquisition of subsidiaries

15,831

–

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

(2,938)

–

Reclassifications

10,751

546

Translation difference

(8,800)

(531)

At 31 December 2019

1,401,852

144,321

Accumulated depreciation and impairment

At 1 January 2019

692,653

180,532

Depreciation charge/impairment losses

55,002

7,339

Disposals/write-off

(2,650)

(69,553)

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

(1,145)

–

Reclassifications

(6,597)

–

Translation difference

(2,703)

(230)

At 31 December 2019

734,560

118,088

Net book value

At 31 December 2019

667,292

26,233

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites

/  ST ENGINEERING

178 /  ST ENGINEERING

178


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Plant and

machinery

Production 

tools and

equipment

Furniture,

fittings, office

equipment

and others*

Aircraft

and aircraft

engines

Construction-

in-progress

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

1,159,924

413,085

413,490

332,800

124,513

3,989,985

34,290

21,972

40,793

12,509

57,018

196,087

(24,236)

(15,306)

(18,413)

–

(1,142)

(65,108)

43,125

2,741

9,434

(33,109)

(109,420)

(32,920)

(716)

2,311

(702)

(3,578)

1,211

3,440

1,212,387

424,803

444,602

308,622

72,180

4,091,484

622,516

284,802

311,732

113,253

–

2,184,951

82,905

26,226

39,997

17,784

17

227,510

(16,132)

(15,338)

(18,142)

–

–

(55,509)

31

(182)

(288)

(14,835)

–

(15,273)

(4,391)

1,892

(1,248)

(960)

–

(7,139)

684,929

297,400

332,051

115,242

17

2,334,540

527,458

127,403

112,551

193,380

72,163

1,756,944

1,002,294

397,087

375,395

310,713

92,077

3,846,069

64,966

24,279

51,240

35,219

83,184

295,469

(33,443)

(9,230)

(10,285)

(2,883)

(60)

(229,671)

117,144

2,764

1,825

–

10,530

148,094

(584)

(1)

(1,304)

(6,732)

–

(11,559)

17,965

1,958

(1,536)

–

(59,995)

(30,311)

(8,418)

(3,772)

(1,845)

(3,517)

(1,223)

(28,106)

1,159,924

413,085

413,490

332,800

124,513

3,989,985

570,066

269,931

292,178

97,967

–

2,103,327

85,863

23,802

32,395

18,453

–

222,854

(27,719)

(8,257)

(10,150)

(791)

–

(119,120)

(333)

(1)

(1,104)

(1,936)

–

(4,519)

(702)

(75)

(556)

–

–

(7,930)

(4,659)

(598)

(1,031)

(440)

–

(9,661)

622,516

284,802

311,732

113,253

–

2,184,951

537,408

128,283

101,758

219,547

124,513

1,805,034

179

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

179

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Reclassifications due to changes in the use of assets:

(a) 

Property, plant and equipment with net book value amounting to $19,848,000 (2019: $1,850,000) were 

reclassified to inventories;

(b) 

Asset under construction with net book value of $2,217,000 (2019: $915,000) were reclassified to 

intangibles on completion;

(c) 

Inventories of $4,418,000 (2019: $4,791,000) were reclassified to property, plant and equipment;

There were no movements in the following amounts carried at valuation from 1 January 2020 to  

31 December 2020.

Group

Valuation

Accumulated

depreciation

Net book

value

$’000

$’000

$’000

At Valuation

Buildings and improvements on leasehold land

1,919

1,919

–

Wharves, floating docks and boats

5,930

5,930

–

Plant and machinery

1,683

1,683

–

Furniture, fittings, office equipment and others*

285

285

–

Total

9,817

9,817

–

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites

/  ST ENGINEERING

180 /  ST ENGINEERING

180


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Operating lease

Included in the tables below are assets that the Group leases out, comprising aircraft and aircraft engines, 

furniture, fittings, office equipment and others*. The Group has classified these leases as operating leases, 

because they do not transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of the 

assets. Movements in these assets that are subject to operating leases are presented below.

Group

Furniture,

fittings, office

equipment

and others*

Aircraft

and aircraft

engines 

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2020

1,377

136,621

137,998

Reclassifications

115

–

115

Translation difference

(26)

(2,626)

(2,652)

At 31 December 2020

1,466

133,995

135,461

Accumulated depreciation

At 1 January 2020

472

5,745

6,217

Depreciation charge for the year

213

7,763

7,976

Reclassifications

(15)

–

(15)

Translation difference

(17)

(421)

(438)

At 31 December 2020

653

13,087

13,740

Net book value

At 31 December 2020

813

120,908

121,721

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites

181

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

181

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Operating lease (continued)

Group

Furniture,

fittings, office

equipment

and others*

Aircraft

and aircraft

engines 

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2019

837

105,203

106,040

Additions

162

32,793

32,955

Reclassifications

386

–

386

Translation difference

(8)

(1,375)

(1,383)

At 31 December 2019

1,377

136,621

137,998

Accumulated depreciation

At 1 January 2019

197

128

325

Depreciation charge for the year

280

5,684

5,964

Translation difference

(5)

(67)

(72)

At 31 December 2019

472

5,745

6,217

Net book value

At 31 December 2019

905

130,876

131,781

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites

/  ST ENGINEERING

182 /  ST ENGINEERING

182


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

(a) 

Property, plant and equipment pledged as security

Property, plant and equipment of certain overseas subsidiaries of the Group with a carrying value of 

$87,635,000 (2019: $89,735,000) are pledged as security for bank loans.

(b) 

Major properties

Major land and buildings and improvements to premises are:

Net book value

Location

Description

Tenure

Land area

(sq. m.)

2020

$’000

2019

$’000

Singapore 

1 Ang Mo Kio

Electronics

Park Road

Industrial and

commercial buildings

30 years from 

1.11.2011

20,000

41,056

45,530

3 Ang Mo Kio

Electronics

Park Road

Industrial and

commercial buildings

30 years from 

1.12.2015

30,000

37,976

40,635

100 Jurong East

Street 21

Industrial and

commercial buildings

30 years from 

1.11.2018

11,232

49,760

5,081

249 Jalan

Boon Lay

Industrial and

commercial buildings

27 years from

1.10.2001 to

31.12.2028,

renewable to

10.10.2065

208,261

79,044

84,430

People’s Republic of China

No 2, Huayu Road,

Huli District,

Xiamen

361006, Fujian

Factory building

50 years from

20.11.2008

38,618

41,446

40,468

Germany

Grenzstr. 1,

Dresden

Hangar and

office building

Freehold

160,193

94,298

83,762

183

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

183

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

For this purpose, freehold land, buildings and improvements to premises are considered major properties 

if the net book value of these assets represent 5% or more of the Group’s aggregated net book value in 

these categories.

Recognition and measurement

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 

impairment losses. 

Cost comprises expenditure that is:

• 

directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset; 

• 

subsequent costs incurred to replace parts that are eligible for capitalisation; and/or

• 

transfers from equity on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant 

and equipment.

Certain items of property, plant and equipment which were subject to a one-time valuation in 1972 are 

stated at valuation, net of depreciation and any impairment losses.

Disposals

Gains or losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment are included in profit or loss. 

Depreciation

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit and loss on a straight-line basis 

over their useful lives, except for freehold land which are not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are 

as follows:

Item#

Useful life

Buildings and improvements

–

2 to 50 years^

Wharves, floating docks and boats

–

10 to 23 years

Plant and machinery

–

2 to 25 years

Production tools and equipment

–

2 to 22 years

Furniture, fittings, office equipment and others*

–

2 to 12 years

Aircraft and aircraft engines

–

2 to 30 years

# 

Property, plant and equipment purchased specifically for projects are depreciated over the useful life or the duration of the project, 

whichever is shorter.

^ 

Refer to Note C1(b) Major Properties for details of the lease tenure used to approximate the useful lives of the leasehold land, 

buildings and improvements.

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites.

/  ST ENGINEERING

184 /  ST ENGINEERING

184


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C1 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Impairment 

The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each reporting date to determine 

whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indications exists, then the asset’s recoverable 

amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its related cash 

generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. 

Estimate and judgement: Depreciation charge

Management estimates the useful lives based on factors such as changes in the expected level of usage 

and technological developments. These are reassessed at each reporting date, and adjusted prospectively, 

where appropriate.

C2 

Right-of-use assets

The Group leases many assets including land, vehicles, machinery and IT equipment. Information about 

leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below.

Group

Leasehold land

Wharves, 

floating 

docks and

boats

Plant and

machinery

Production 

tools and

equipment

Furniture,

fittings, office

equipment

and others*

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

At 1 January 2020

469,596

595

917

274

12,593

483,975

Additions

52,584

1,302

813

504

5,806

61,009

Modifications of lease

67,161

–

–

(57)

100

67,204

Lease termination

(32)

–

–

–

(46)

(78)

Depreciation charge/

impairment losses

(65,714)

(649)

(428)

(298)

(7,258)

(74,347)

Translation difference

800

–

(2)

6

242

1,046

At 31 December 2020

524,395

1,248

1,300

429

11,437

538,809

At 1 January 2019

418,865

1,243

1,242

221

9,949

431,520

Additions

83,924

–

69

220

6,415

90,628

Acquisition of 

subsidiaries 

23,349

–

–

–

2,872

26,221

Deconsolidation/

disposal of 

subsidiaries

(937)

–

–

–

–

(937)

Modifications of lease

(2,122)

–

–

23

(1,273)

(3,372)

Lease termination

(1,243)

–

–

–

(406)

(1,649)

Depreciation

(49,465)

(648)

(391)

(185)

(4,875)

(55,564)

Translation difference

(2,775)

–

(3)

(5)

(89)

(2,872)

At 31 December 2019

469,596

595

917

274

12,593

483,975

* 

Others comprise transportation equipment, vehicles and satellites

185

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

185

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets

Group

Goodwill

Dealer

network

Development

expenditure 

$’000

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2020

856,897

170,693

547,192

Additions 

–

–

83,704

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

–

–

–

Write-off

–

–

(2,413)

Reclassification

–

–

(15,902)

Translation difference

(14,395)

10,996

18,429

At 31 December 2020

842,502

181,689

631,010

Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses

At 1 January 2020

42,886

43,390

137,617

Amortisation for the year*

–

7,617

30,125

Impairment losses+

14,431

556

11,021

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

–

–

–

Write-off

–

–

(2,413)

Reclassification

–

–

(14,529)

Translation difference

(1,194)

1,772

(2,123)

At 31 December 2020

56,123

53,335

159,698

Net book value

At 31 December 2020

786,379

128,354

471,312

Cost

At 1 January 2019

561,003

175,890

424,526

Additions 

–

–

93,425

Acquisition of subsidiaries

311,018

–

40,585

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

(493)

–

–

Write-off

–

–

–

Translation difference

(14,631)

(5,197)

(11,344)

At 31 December 2019

856,897

170,693

547,192

Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses

At 1 January 2019

43,663

36,573

83,780

Amortisation for the year*

–

7,621

43,079

Impairment losses+

–

–

11,876

Deconsolidation/disposal of subsidiaries

(161)

–

–

Write-off

–

–

–

Translation difference

(616)

(804)

(1,118)

At 31 December 2019

42,886

43,390

137,617

Net book value

At 31 December 2019

814,011

127,303

409,575

* 

Amortisation charge of $81,011,000 (2019: $92,620,000) is recognised in the income statement as part of:

– 

Other operating expenses of $45,155,000 (2019: $31,528,000); and

– 

Cost of sales of $35,856,000 (2019: $61,092,000)

+ 

During the year, the Group assessed that certain development expenditure, licenses and commercial and intellectual property rights 

associated with servicing of certain type of commercial airplane were impaired as these intangible assets were not expected to be 

generating future economic benefits and impairment losses of $29,374,000 were recognised in cost of sales and $1,961,000 were 

recognised in other operating expenses in the income statement. In the prior year, impairment losses of $23,227,000 were recognised 

in other operating expenses in the income statement on certain licenses and commercial and intellectual property rights assessed by 

the Group to be impaired as these intangible assets were not expected to be generating future economic benefits.

 

During the year, an impairment loss on goodwill of $14,431,000 was recognised in other operating expenses in the income statement 

as the recoverable amount of two CGUs were determined to be lower than the carrying amount. The recoverable amount was 

determined based on the value-in-use method.

/  ST ENGINEERING

186 /  ST ENGINEERING

186


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Commercial

and intellectual

property rights 

Brands

Licenses

Technology

agreement

Authorised

repair centre

agreement

Others 

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

605,211

80,680

63,443

34,023

5,859

28,553

2,392,551

2,262

–

866

–

–

–

86,832

(672)

–

–

–

–

–

(672)

–

–

–

–

–

–

(2,413)

589

–

81

–

–

–

(15,232)

(11,713)

(1,345)

17

(653)

–

–

1,336

595,677

79,335

64,407

33,370

5,859

28,553

2,462,402

92,924

16,921

27,584

17,659

5,007

28,348

412,336

36,427

1,210

2,007

2,639

852

134

81,011

111

–

19,647

–

–

–

45,766

(672)

–

–

–

–

–

(672)

–

–

–

–

–

–

(2,413)

–

–

–

–

–

–

(14,529)

(3,038)

(222)

15

(445)

–

–

(5,235)

125,752

17,909

49,253

19,853

5,859

28,482

516,264

469,925

61,426

15,154

13,517

–

71

1,946,138

94,901

81,775

56,319

34,474

5,859

18,808

1,453,555

3,934

–

7,076

–

–

–

104,435

515,167

–

6

–

–

9,745

876,521

(1,507)

–

–

–

–

–

(2,000)

(75)

–

(32)

–

–

–

(107)

(7,209)

(1,095)

74

(451)

–

–

(39,853)

605,211

80,680

63,443

34,023

5,859

28,553

2,392,551

70,812

15,958

13,706

15,274

4,018

18,533

302,317

24,795

1,195

2,511

2,615

989

9,815

92,620

–

–

11,351

–

–

–

23,227

(1,507)

–

–

–

–

–

(1,668)

(75)

–

(32)

–

–

–

(107)

(1,101)

(232)

48

(230)

–

–

(4,053)

92,924

16,921

27,584

17,659

5,007

28,348

412,336

512,287

63,759

35,859

16,364

852

205

1,980,215

187

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

187

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets (continued)

Recognition and measurement

(i) 

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of:

• 

the fair value of the consideration transferred; plus

• 

the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree; plus

• 

if the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the existing equity interest in 

the acquiree,

over the net recognised amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 

assumed.

When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less 

any accumulated impairment losses. 

(ii) 

Other intangible assets

Class of

intangible assets

Background

Valuation method

Useful lives

Dealer network

Includes customer relationships and 

networks acquired

Initial recognition: 

Separately acquired 

intangible assets are 

recognised at cost.

Intangible assets arising from 

business combinations are 

recognised at fair value at the 

date of acquisition.

Subsequent measurement:

Intangible assets are 

carried at cost less any 

accumulated amortisation 

and accumulated impairment 

losses following initial 

recognition. 

Amortisation is calculated on 

a straight-line basis over the 

estimated useful lives.

5 to 25 years

Commercial and 

intellectual property 

rights

Relates to intellectual property

2 to 20 years

Brands

Includes LeeBoy™ and Rosco brands of 

road construction equipment

Aerospace: 

5 years

Electronics: 

20 years

Land Systems:

70 years

Licenses

Relates to licenses to

– conduct commercial aviation activities

– purchase and lease Boeing parts

– develop MRO capabilities for specific 

aircraft types

Aerospace: 

15 to 30 years

Land Systems:

7 to 20 years

Technology 

agreement

Relates to the intellectual property 

required to operate the EcoPower 

Engine Wash business

13 years

Authorised repair 

centre agreements

Relates to the sole appointed authorised 

service centre for repair and overhaul of 

landing gear

5 years

/  ST ENGINEERING

188 /  ST ENGINEERING

188


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets (continued)

Recognition and measurement (continued)

(ii) 

Other intangible assets (continued)

Class of

intangible assets

Background

Valuation method

Useful lives

Development 

expenditure

Development expenditure on an 

individual project is recognised as 

an intangible asset when the Group 

can demonstrate the technical and 

commercial feasibility of development. 

The capitalised costs are directly 

attributable to activities preparing 

the asset for its intended use, and 

capitalised borrowing costs. In any other 

circumstances, development costs are 

recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Included in development cost are costs 

related to development and assembly of 

aircraft seats, B757 15-PTF, A330-200 PTF 

and A330-300 PTF, A350 PTF and A320/

A321 PTF. 

(i) 

Initially recognised 

at cost

(ii) 

Subsequently, 

carried at cost less 

any accumulated 

amortisation and 

accumulated 

impairment losses 

B757 15-PTF: 

4 years 

A330-200 PTF 

and A330-300 

PTF: 41 years

A320/A321 

PTF: 41 years

A350 PTF: 

8 years

Others:

3 to 10 years

(iii) 

Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied 

in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure on internally 

generated intangible assets, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

189

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

189

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets (continued)

Impairment review

The Group tests intangible assets for impairment to ensure they are not carried at above their recoverable 

amounts annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value 

may be impaired.

These tests are performed by assessing the recoverable amount of each individual asset or, if this is not 

possible, then the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. CGUs 

are the lowest levels at which assets are grouped and generate separately identifiable cash flows.

The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset or a CGU’s fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. 

The value-in-use calculations are based on discounted cash flows expected to arise from the asset.

Reversal of impairment

Intangible assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the 

impairment at each reporting date.

Key estimates and judgement: Recognition and measurement of intangible assets

Key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount, useful life of an intangible asset (reassessed at 

each reporting date) requires management’s judgement.

/  ST ENGINEERING

190 /  ST ENGINEERING

190


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets (continued)

Aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to each CGU within the business divisions and the key 

assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of each CGU are as follows:

Pre-tax 

discount rate

Terminal 

growth rate

Group

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

%

%

%

%

Aerospace

Aircraft Maintenance &amp; 

Modification

2,501

13,170

N.A.

12.0

N.A.

2.5

Component/Engine Repair 

&amp; Overhaul

12,952

13,206

7.0 – 13.5

14.5

1.5 – 3.0

2.5

Engineering &amp; Material 

Services

64,042

62,983

9.0 – 9.4

12.7

0 – 1.6

2.0

Electronics

Communication &amp; Sensor 

Systems Group*

534,197

544,744

8.7 – 16.9

9.8 – 13.3

3.0

3.0 – 5.0

Software Systems Group

27,368

27,663

11.4

8.8 – 12.7

3.0

2.0 – 3.0 

Land Systems

Automotive

145,319

152,245 10.5 – 15.2

12.0 – 17.2 

2.3

2.3 – 3.0

786,379

814,011

* 

With effect from 1 January 2020, Miltope Corporation was re-organised from Others into Electronics sector and comparatives were 

restated in conformance with current year classification

Recognition and measurement 

The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use calculations, using cash flow 

projections derived from the financial budgets approved by management for the next five to ten years. The 

key assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amounts are as follows:

• 

The discount rate used is estimated based on the industry weighted average cost of capital.

• 

The long-term terminal growth rate has been determined based on either the nominal GDP rates for 

the country in which the CGU is based or the long-term growth rate estimated by management by 

reference to forecasts included in industry reports and expected market development.

• 

The revenue growth rate and gross profit margins are determined based on the past performance 

and its expectations of market developments.

191

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

191

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C3 

Intangible assets (continued)

Sensitivity to changes in assumptions:

(a) 

Management has identified the following key assumption for which a change as set out below could 

cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.

Business Divisions

Assumption

Change required for

carrying amount to equal 

the recoverable amount

2020

2019

%

%

Communication &amp; 

Sensor Systems Group

Revenue growth rate 

(average of next 5 years)

1.7

0.5

(b) 

No sensitivity analysis was disclosed for the remaining CGUs as the Group believes that any reasonable 

possible change in the key assumptions is unlikely to result in any material impairment to the CGUs.

Key Estimate and judgement: Impairment of goodwill

Determination of potential impairment requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGUs to 

which goodwill are allocated. Key assumptions made to the projected cash flows requiring judgement 

include growth rate estimates and discount rates.

/  ST ENGINEERING

192 /  ST ENGINEERING

192


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C4 

Amounts due from related parties

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Trade:

Associates 

6,927

3,360

Joint ventures

16,109

24,720

Related parties 

7,444

7,376

30,480

35,456

Non-trade*:

Associate

4,256

–

Joint ventures

20,608

4,955

Related parties

116

56

24,980

5,011

Allowance for doubtful debts

(608)

–

54,852

40,467

Receivable:

Within 1 year

46,305

35,661

After 1 year

8,547

4,806

54,852

40,467

Amounts due from related parties denominated in currencies other than the respective entities’ functional 

currencies as at 31 December are $15,205,000 (2019: Nil) denominated in USD:

* 

Included in non-trade are: 

(a) 

a short term, unsecured, interest free loan of $4,256,000 (2019: Nil) to an associate; and 

(b) 

loans of $19,519,000 (2019: $4,806,000) to joint ventures, bearing interest ranging from 0.85% to 

6.38% (2019: 6.38%) per annum, which are the effective interest rates. The loans are unsecured 

and repayable from 2021 to 2029.

193

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

193

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C5 

Inventories

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Inventories of equipment and spares

1,269,192

1,311,858

In 2020, raw materials, consumables and changes in finished goods and work-in-progress recognised as cost 

of sales amounted to $4,954,353,000 (2019: $5,447,863,000). This includes inventories that were reclassified 

as contract assets and subsequently expensed in the course of fulfilling performance obligations in contracts 

with customers.

Allowances for inventory obsolescence

As at 31 December 2020, the inventories are stated after allowance for inventory obsolescence of $367,607,000 

(2019: $340,728,000). 

Recognition and measurement

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost (comprising direct labour, 

material costs, direct expenses and an appropriate allocation of production overheads) is calculated on 

a first-in, first-out basis or weighted average cost basis depending on the nature and pattern of use of 

the inventories.

Cost may also include transfers from equity on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases 

of inventories. Allowance is made for deteriorated, damaged, obsolete and slow-moving inventories.

Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated 

costs to sell.

Estimate and judgement: Allowance for inventory obsolescence

The allowance for inventory obsolescence is based on estimates from historical trends and expected 

utilisation of inventories. The actual amount of inventory write-offs could be higher or lower than the 

allowance made.

/  ST ENGINEERING

194 /  ST ENGINEERING

194


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C6 

Trade receivables

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Gross receivables

1,139,829

1,322,767

Allowance for doubtful debts 

(91,985)

(76,886)

Trade receivables, net

1,047,844

1,245,881

Trade receivables denominated in currencies other than the respective entities’ functional currencies as at 31 

December are as follows:

• 

$166,549,000 (2019: $289,538,000) denominated in USD 

• 

$21,201,000 (2019: $26,245,000) denominated in Euro

Trade receivables amounting to $5,607,000 (2019: $1,848,000) are arranged to be repaid through letters of 

credit issued by reputable banks.

C7 

Advances and other receivables

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Deposits

13,205

14,887

Interest receivables

135

789

Finance lease receivables

2,229

3,614

Other recoverables 

51,051

68,470

Non-trade receivables 

66,854

30,911

Advance payments to suppliers

142,750

161,840

Prepayments

86,839

67,424

Housing and car loans and advances to staff

12,176

2,563

Loans to third parties

750

1,060

375,989

351,558

Receivable:

Within 1 year

317,741

339,709

After 1 year

58,248

11,849

375,989

351,558

The Group entered into finance lease arrangements with customers with terms ranging from 0.6 to 7.1 years 

(2019: 1.6 to 3.0 years) and effective interest rates ranging from 1.65% to 2.74% (2019: 2.29% to 2.74%) 

per annum.

195

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

195

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C8 

Bank balances and other liquid funds

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Fixed deposits with financial institutions

86,622

73,738

Cash and bank balances

644,002

379,492

Bank balances and other liquid funds

730,624

453,230

Deposits pledged

(1,145)

(1,135)

Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows

729,479

452,095

Fixed deposits with financial institutions mature at varying periods within 11 months (2019: 10 months) from 

the financial year-end. Interest rates range from 0.1% to 2.1% (2019: 1.2% to 3.8%) per annum, which are also 

the effective interest rates.

Included in cash and cash equivalents are bank deposits amounting to $19,699,000 (2019: $23,475,000) 

which are not freely remissible for use by the Group because of currency exchange restrictions. 

Cash and bank balances of $1,145,000 (2019: $1,135,000) have been placed with banks as security for 

letters of credit issued to third parties. Cash and cash equivalents denominated in currencies other than the 

respective entities’ functional currencies as at 31 December are as follows:

• 

$153,312,000 (2019: $176,836,000) denominated in USD

• 

$19,065,000 (2019: $97,962,000) denominated in Euro

/  ST ENGINEERING

196 /  ST ENGINEERING

196


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C9 

Trade payables and accruals

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Trade payables

689,879

859,102

Non-trade payables 

89,423

84,131

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

321

5,386

Accrued operating expenses*

902,795

1,094,509

Accrued interest payable

4,488

376

1,686,906

2,043,504

Payable:

Within 1 year

1,667,568

1,985,521

After 1 year

19,338

57,983

1,686,906

2,043,504

Trade payables denominated in currencies other than the respective entities’ functional currencies as at 

31 December are as follows:

• 

$82,770,000 (2019: $114,062,000) denominated in USD

• 

$39,353,000 (2019: $34,636,000) denominated in Euro

* 

Included in the accrued operating expenses is an amount of $244,203,000 (2019: $319,060,000) for 

the Group’s obligations under its employee compensation schemes.

197

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

197

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C10 

Amounts due to related parties

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Trade:

Associates 

9,925

11,029

Joint ventures

476

140

Related parties 

1,110

1,537

11,511

12,706

Non-trade:

Joint ventures*

12,314

55,682

Related parties

8

1,619

12,322

57,301

23,833

70,007

Payable:

Within 1 year

23,833

70,007

There were no significant amounts due to related parties denominated in currencies other than the respective 

entities’ functional currencies as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

* 

Included in the amounts due to joint ventures (non-trade) is an amount of $12,300,000 (2019: 

$55,682,000) placed by joint ventures to a subsidiary of the Group under a cash pooling arrangement, 

where an effective interest of 0% per annum (2019: 1.46%) is charged on the outstanding balance. 

/  ST ENGINEERING

198 /  ST ENGINEERING

198


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C11 

Provisions

Movements in provisions are as follows:

Group

Warranties

Onerous

contracts

Closure

costs

Restoration

costs

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

At 1 January 2020

176,146

52,322

1,339

20,646

250,453

Charged to profit or loss

37,490

91,177

–

1,577

130,244

Additions

–

–

–

12,888

12,888

Utilised

(31,126)

(22,696)

(232)

–

(54,054)

Translation difference

(769)

(2,108)

(74)

(21)

(2,972)

At 31 December 2020

181,741

118,695

1,033

35,090

336,559

Provision:

Within 1 year

306,758

After 1 year

29,801

336,559

Recognition and measurement

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of 

past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 

estimate of the amount can be made.

(i) 

Warranties

The warranty provision represents the best estimate of the Group’s contractual obligations at the 

reporting date. 

Under the terms of the revenue contracts with key customers, the Group is obligated to make good, 

by repair or replacement, engineering or manufacturing defects that become apparent within the 

warranty period from the date of sale. The warranty obligation varies from 60 days to 15 years. The 

Group’s experience of the proportion of its products sold that requires repair or replacement differs 

from year to year as every contract is customised to the specification of the customers. 

The estimation of the provision for warranty expenses is based on the Group’s past claim experience 

over the duration of the warranty period and the industry average in relation to warranty exposures 

and represents the best estimates of the costs expected to incur per dollar of sales. 

The warranty provision made as at 31 December 2020 is expected to be incurred over the applicable 

warranty periods.

199

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

199

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C11 

Provisions (continued)

Recognition and measurement (continued)

(ii) 

Onerous contracts 

Provision for onerous contracts on uncompleted contracts is recognised immediately in profit or loss 

when it is determinable.

(iii) 

Closure costs

Provision for closure costs is made in respect of the expected costs that the Group will undertake 

between the cessation of certain operations of the Group to the completion of their liquidation.

(iv) 

Restoration costs

Provision for restoration costs is made for dismantlement, removal or restoration costs expected to 

be incurred on expiry of lease agreements.

Estimate and judgement: Provision for warranty

The provision for warranty is based on estimates from known and expected warranty work to be performed 

after completion. The warranty expense incurred could be higher or lower than the provision made.

Estimate and judgement: Provision for onerous contracts

The Group conducts a critical review of all its long-term contracts regularly. Allowance is made where 

necessary to account for onerous contracts and judgement is used to estimate the total cost to complete.

/  ST ENGINEERING

200 /  ST ENGINEERING

200


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C12 

Deferred income

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Government grants 

121,397

34,888

Deferred rents

–

1,824

121,397

36,712

Recognise:

Within 1 year

70,922

2,403

After 1 year

50,475

34,309

121,397

36,712

Government grants relate mainly to grants received to subsidise the cost of capital assets and deferred grant 

recognised under the Jobs Support Scheme (the JSS) and other government support for employee related 

expenses. The JSS is a temporary scheme introduced in the Singapore Budget 2020 to help enterprise to 

retain local employees. Under the JSS, employers will receive cash grants in relation to the gross monthly 

wages of eligible employees.

C13 

Contract balances

The following table provides information about contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts 

with customers.

Group

2020

2019

2018

$’000

$’000

$’000

Contract assets

1,153,192

1,246,207

1,070,396

Contract liabilities

(1,934,101)

(1,466,207)

(1,819,546)

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable (included 

in trade receivables), unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances (contract liabilities) on 

the balance sheet. 

The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed 

at the reporting date. If the value of services rendered exceeds payments received from the customer, a 

contract asset is recognised and presented separately. The contract asset is transferred to receivables when 

the entitlement to payment becomes unconditional. 

The contract liabilities primarily relate to advance consideration received from customers for contract 

revenue. If the amounts invoiced to the customer exceeds the value of services rendered, a contract liability 

is recognised and presented separately. 

These assets and liabilities are reported on the balance sheet on a contract by contract basis at each 

reporting date. 

201

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

201

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C13 

Contract balances (continued)

Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the year are as follows:

Contract assets

Contract liabilities

Group

2020

2019

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Revenue recognised that was included in the 

contract liability balance at the beginning 

of the year 

–

–

518,900

734,615

Increase due to cash received, excluding 

amounts recognised as revenue during 

the year

–

–

(1,009,124)

(591,263)

Contract assets recognised

580,964

902,185

–

–

Contract assets reclassified to trade receivables

(552,819)

(669,757)

–

–

Changes in measurement of progress

(8,727)

(262)

–

–

Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations

The aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations as at 31 

December 2020 is $15,403,538,000 and the Group expects to recognise $5,344,283,000 as revenue relating to 

the unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations in 2021 with the remaining $10,059,255,000 

in 2022 and beyond. 

As at 31 December 2019, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance 

obligations was $15,319,082,000 and the Group expected to recognise $5,867,193,000 as revenue relating to 

the unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations in 2020 with the remaining $9,451,889,000 

in 2021 and beyond. 

Variable consideration that is constrained and therefore not included in the transaction price is excluded in 

the amount presented above.

Estimate and judgement: Contract balances

Judgements are used to estimate these total contract costs to complete. In making these estimates, 

management has relied on past experience of completed projects. The estimated total contract costs are 

reviewed every reporting period and adjusted where necessary, with the corresponding effect of change 

being recognised prospectively from the date of change.

/  ST ENGINEERING

202 /  ST ENGINEERING

202


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group has exposure to the following financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial 

instruments:

• 

Interest rate

• 

Foreign exchange

• 

Market

• 

Liquidity

• 

Credit 

The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than foreign exchange contracts and derivatives, comprise 

bank guarantees, performance bonds and bank loans, finance leases and hire purchase contracts, investments, 

cash and short-term deposits. 

All financial transactions with the banks are governed by banking facilities duly accepted with Board of 

Directors’ resolutions, with banking mandates, which define the permitted financial instruments and facilities 

limits. All financial transactions require dual signatories. The Group has various other financial assets and 

liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations. 

It is the Group’s policy not to engage in foreign exchange and/or derivatives speculation. The purpose of 

engaging in treasury transactions is solely for hedging. The Group’s treasury mandates allow only foreign 

exchange spot, forward or non-deliverable forward, foreign exchange swap, cross currency swap, purchase 

of foreign exchange call, put or collar option, forward rate agreement, interest rate swap, purchase of interest 

rate cap, floor or collar option. These instruments are generic in nature with no embedded or leverage features 

and any deviation from these instruments would require specific approval from the Board of Directors. 

The policies for managing each of these risks are broadly summarised below:

Interest rate risk

As at reporting date, the interest rate profile of the interest-bearing financial instruments is:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Fixed rate instruments

Financial assets

112,626

82,158

Financial liabilities

(1,816,348)

(840,378)

(1,703,722)

(758,220)

Variable rate instruments

Financial liabilities

(242,847)

(1,552,971)

(242,847)

(1,552,971)

203

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

203

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

The Group has cash balances placed with reputable banks and financial institutions. The Group manages its 

interest rate risk on its interest income by placing the cash balances in varying maturities and interest rate 

terms with due consideration to operating cash flow requirements and optimising yield.

The Group’s debts include bank loans, Medium Term Notes (MTN), commercial papers and lease liabilities 

(2019: bank loans, commercial papers and lease liabilities). The Group seeks to minimise its interest rate risk 

exposure through tapping different sources of funds to refinance the debt instruments and/or enter into 

interest rate swaps. 

An increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rate, with all other variables being held constant, would 

lead to a reduction/increase of the Group’s profit or loss by approximately $1.2 million (2019: $7.8 million).

The Group’s policy is to maintain at least 50% of its borrowings at fixed rate, using floating-to-fixed interest 

rate swaps to achieve this when necessary. During 2020 and 2019, the Group’s borrowings at variable rate 

were mainly denominated in USD.

Except for the short-term US commercial paper (USCP) below, other variable interest rates borrowings were 

not referenced to inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) that will be affected by the IBOR reforms.

Included in the variable rate borrowings is a USCP of $396,230,000 (2019: $1,436,140,000) whose interest rate 

on each rollover correlates with 3-month LIBOR. To hedge the variability of the cash flows of the USCP, the 

Group has entered into a 5-year interest rate swap of notional amount of $191,719,000 as at 31 December 

2020 (2019: $330,285,000) with key terms that match part of the outstanding USCP on which it pays a fixed 

rate and receives a variable rate.

The Group’s borrowings and receivables are carried at amortised cost. The borrowings are periodically 

contractually repriced and to that extent are also exposed to the risk of future changes in market interest rates.

Hedge ineffectiveness for interest rate swaps is assessed using the same principles as for hedges of foreign 

currency purchases. It may occur due to:

• 

the credit value/debit value adjustment on the interest rate swaps which is not matched by the loan;

• 

differences in critical terms between the interest rate swaps and loans; and

• 

the effects of the forthcoming reforms to LIBOR, because these might take effect at a different time 

and have a different impact on the hedged item (the floating-rate debt) and the hedging instrument 

(the interest rate swap used to hedge the debt).

No ineffectiveness has been recognised in relation to the interest rate swaps in finance income or finance 

costs in profit or loss for 2020 (2019: nil).

Information relating to the Group’s interest rate risk exposure is also disclosed in the notes on the Group’s 

borrowings, investments and loans receivable, where applicable.

/  ST ENGINEERING

204 /  ST ENGINEERING

204


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Foreign exchange risk

The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk from its global operations and revenues, costs and borrowings 

denominated in a currency other than the respective entities’ functional currencies. The Group’s foreign 

exchange exposures are primarily from USD and Euro, and manages its exposure through forward currency 

contracts and embedded derivatives. 

The Group’s centralised Treasury Unit monitors the current and projected foreign currency cash flows 

within the Group and aims to reduce the exposure of the net position by transacting with the banks where 

appropriate. 

No foreign exchange sensitivity analysis was disclosed as a reasonable change in the exchange rates would 

not result in any significant impact on the Group’s results.

Market risk

The Group has strategic investments in unquoted equity shares. The market value of these investments will 

fluctuate with market conditions.

No sensitivity analysis was disclosed as a reasonable change in the market value of these investments would 

not result in any significant impact on the Group’s results.

Liquidity risk

To manage liquidity risk, the Group monitors its net operating cash flows and maintains an adequate level of 

cash and cash equivalents and secured committed funding facilities from financial institutions. In assessing 

the adequacy of these funding facilities, management reviews its working capital requirements regularly.

The table below analyses the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on the contractual 

undiscounted cash flows including estimated interest payments and excluding impact of netting arrangements.

205

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

205

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Group

Contractual

cash flow 

Within

1 year

Between

1 and 5 years

More than

5 years

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

Bank loans

(122,057)

(15,511)

(66,504)

(40,042)

Commercial papers

(396,660)

(396,660)

–

–

Medium term notes

(1,055,999)

(14,875)

(1,041,124)

–

Lease liabilities

(696,277)

(71,307)

(208,666)

(416,304)

Other loans

(19,756)

(19,756)

–

–

Trade and other payables

(1,710,739)

(1,691,401)

(18,937)

(401)

Derivative financial instruments:

• Gross-settled forward 

currency contracts

– payments

(974,449)

(659,965)

(314,484)

–

– receipts

1,011,791

680,517

331,274

–

• Net-settled interest rate swaps 

(24,432)

(12,216)

(4,607)

(7,609)

Financial guarantees

(15,332)

(1,147)

(7,320)

(6,865)

2019

Bank loans

(492,798)

(360,295)

(34,326)

(98,177)

Commercial papers

(1,440,175)

(1,440,175)

–

–

Lease liabilities

(567,420)

(65,836)

(159,544)

(342,040)

Trade and other payables

(2,113,511)

(2,055,528)

(57,572)

(411)

Derivative financial instruments:

• Gross-settled forward 

currency contracts

– payments

(1,055,031)

(612,682)

(442,349)

–

– receipts

1,044,018

599,405

444,613

–

• Net-settled interest rate swaps 

(7,690)

(2,151)

(5,503)

(36)

Financial guarantees

(106,052)

(23,125)

(22,220)

(60,707)

Except for the cash flows arising from the intra-group financial guarantee, it is not expected that the cash 

flows included in the maturity analysis could occur significantly earlier, or at significantly different amounts.

At the reporting date, the Group does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Group 

under the financial guarantees.

/  ST ENGINEERING

206 /  ST ENGINEERING

206


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Recognition and measurement

Financial guarantees are financial instruments issued by the Group to joint ventures that require the issuer 

to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for the loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to 

meet payment when due in accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantees are recognised initially at fair value and are classified as financial liabilities. Subsequently, 

they are measured at the higher of the loss allowance determined in accordance with SFRS(I) 9 and the 

amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in 

accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15.

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. ECLs are measured for financial guarantees issued 

as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the Group expects to recover.

Credit risk

Credit risk is managed through the application of credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. 

Where appropriate, the Company or its subsidiaries obtain collaterals from customers or arrange master 

netting agreements. Cash terms, advance payments, and letters of credit or bank guarantees are required for 

customers of lower credit standing.

The carrying amounts of financial assets and contract assets represent the Group’s maximum exposures to 

credit risk, before taking into account any collateral held. 

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Investments

23,138

16,782

Derivative financial instruments

44,461

19,386

Contract assets

1,153,192

1,246,207

Trade receivables

1,049,368

1,247,549

Amounts due from related parties

54,852

40,467

Advances and other receivables

146,400

122,294

Bank balances and other liquids funds

730,624

453,230

3,202,035

3,145,915

Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets recognised in profit or loss are as follows:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Trade receivables 

22,319

50,750

Contract balances arising from contracts with customers

4,367

2,723

26,686

53,473

207

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

207

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Exposure to credit risk

As at 31 December 2020, 25% (2019: 31%) of trade receivables and contract assets relate to three major 

customers of the Group. 

The table below analyses the trade receivables and contract assets by the Group’s main reportable segments:

Carrying amount

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Aerospace

656,342

956,963

Electronics

1,074,597

1,186,326

Land Systems

293,452

231,774

Marine

165,531

118,246

Others

12,638

447

2,202,560

2,493,756

A summary of the Group’s exposures to credit risk for trade receivables and contract assets is as follows:

2020

2019

Group

Not credit

 impaired

Credit

 impaired

Not credit

 impaired

Credit

 impaired

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Receivables measured at lifetime ECL:

Trade receivables and contract assets

2,202,560

104,648

2,493,756

97,749

Loss allowance

–

(104,648)

–

(97,749)

Total

2,202,560

–

2,493,756

–

Expected credit loss assessment

Trade receivables and contract assets

For specific trade receivables and contract assets identified by the Group to be credit impaired, the Group 

recognised a loss allowance equal to lifetime expected credit loss. Hence, the recoverability of these balances 

are assessed separately from the allowance matrix. 

For the remaining trade receivables and contract assets, the Group uses an allowance matrix to measure 

the expected credit loss (ECL) of trade receivables and contract assets from its customers. Loss rates are 

calculated using a ‘roll rate’ method based on the probability of a receivable progressing through successive 

stages of delinquency to write-off. Roll rates are calculated separately for exposures in different segments 

based on the common credit risk characteristics. 

/  ST ENGINEERING

208 /  ST ENGINEERING

208


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Expected credit loss assessment (continued)

Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)

In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of 

customers and adjusts to reflect current and forward-looking macroeconomic factors affecting the ability 

of the customers to settle the receivables. Based on this assessment, the Group has concluded that the 

expected credit losses from these trade receivables and contract assets is immaterial.

The table below shows the aging and loss allowance analysis of the Group’s trade receivables as at 

31 December 2020 and 2019:

Not past

due

1 – 90 

days

91 – 180

days

181 – 360

days

&gt; 360 

days

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

Aerospace

Trade receivables and contract assets

573,752

71,256

14,878

24,248

47,761

731,895

Loss allowance

(2,338)

(7,449)

(4,763)

(15,120)

(45,883)

(75,553)

Electronics

Trade receivables and contract assets

981,518

78,932

15,166

11,162

10,730

1,097,508

Loss allowance

(9,306)

(1,527)

(964)

(3,234)

(7,880)

(22,911)

Land Systems

Trade receivables and contract assets

260,041

24,445

6,537

2,098

4,028

297,149

Loss allowance

(71)

(5)

(4)

(24)

(3,593)

(3,697)

Marine

Trade receivables and contract assets

136,898

15,528

356

4,212

11,024

168,018

Loss allowance

(2,322)

–

–

–

(165)

(2,487)

2019

Aerospace

Trade receivables and contract assets

864,951

90,674

12,303

11,942

48,685

1,028,555

Loss allowance

(15,137)

(1,870)

(1,004)

(5,619)

(47,962)

(71,592)

Electronics

Trade receivables and contract assets 1,099,812

67,527

13,064

13,981

10,293

1,204,677

Loss allowance

(5,489)

(563)

(234)

(2,011)

(10,054)

(18,351)

Land Systems

Trade receivables and contract assets

195,644

29,426

5,132

1,541

4,210

235,953

Loss allowance

(74)

(8)

(20)

(7)

(4,070)

(4,179)

Marine

Trade receivables and contract assets

78,963

19,355

11,429

6,893

5,229

121,869

Loss allowance

(2,208)

–

–

(118)

(1,297)

(3,623)

209

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

209

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Expected credit loss assessment (continued)

Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during 

the year were as follows:

Lifetime ECL

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

At 1 January

97,749

38,986

Impairment loss recognised

26,686

53,473

Amounts written off

(19,290)

(8,066)

Acquisition of subsidiaries

–

12,142

Disposal of subsidiaries

–

(8)

Translation difference

(497)

1,222

At 31 December

104,648

97,749

Bank balances and other liquid funds

Bank balances and other liquid funds are placed with financial institutions, which mainly have long-term 

rating of A3 by Moody’s or A- by Standard &amp; Poor’s or the equivalent by a reputable credit rating agency. 

Impairment on bank balances and other liquid funds has been measured on the 12-month expected loss 

basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its bank balances and other 

liquid funds to have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. The amount of 

the allowance on bank balances and other liquid funds is insignificant.

Other financial assets

Other financial assets comprise amounts due from related parties and other receivables, which are mostly 

short-term in nature. Impairment on other financial assets has been measured on the 12-month expected 

loss basis and reflects the short maturities of exposures. The Group considers its other financial assets to 

have low credit risk and the amount of the allowance on other financial assets is insignificant. 

Recognition and measurement

The Group recognises loss allowances for ECLs on financial assets measured at amortised cost, contract 

assets (as defined in SFRS(I) 15), debt investments at FVOCI and financial guarantee contracts, but not for 

equity investments. 

Loss allowances of the Group are measured using either the simplified or general approach.

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs for all trade receivables (including lease 

receivables) and contract assets. The simplified approach requires the loss allowance to be measured at an 

amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

The Group applies the general approach to provide for ECLs on all other financial instruments and financial 

guarantee contracts. Under the general approach, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 

12-month ECLs at initial recognition. 

/  ST ENGINEERING

210 /  ST ENGINEERING

210


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C14 

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Recognition and measurement (continued)

The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

• 

the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the 

Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

• 

the financial asset remains outstanding for more than the reasonable range of past due days, taking 

into consideration historical payment track record, current macroeconomics situation as well as 

general industry trend.

Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt 

investments at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events 

that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. 

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data: 

• 

significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer; 

• 

a breach of contract such as a default or payment remains outstanding for more than a reasonable 

range of past due days; 

• 

the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider 

otherwise; 

• 

it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or 

• 

the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

Presentation of allowance for ECL in the balance sheets

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost and contract assets are deducted from the 

gross carrying amount of these assets.

Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there 

is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor 

does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts 

subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement 

activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.

Estimate and judgement: Impairment of financial assets and contract assets

Impairment of financial assets and contract assets are estimated based on historical loss experience for 

assets with similar credit risk characteristics. The estimated ECL is reviewed every reporting period and 

adjusted where necessary, with the corresponding effect of change being recognised prospectively from 

the date of change.

211

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

211

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments

 Carrying amount 

Group

Amortised

cost

Mandatorily

at FVTPL

Fair value

– hedging

instruments

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

Financial assets measured at fair value

Investments

–

–

–

Associates 

–

20,858

–

Derivative financial instruments

–

9,639

34,822

–

30,497

34,822

Financial assets not measured at fair value

Trade receivables

1,049,368

–

–

Amounts due from related parties

54,852

–

–

Advances and other receivables

146,400

–

–

Bank balances and other liquid funds

730,624

–

–

1,981,244

–

–

Financial liabilities measured at fair value

Derivative financial instruments

–

(2,471)

(20,769)

Financial liabilities not measured at fair value

Creditors and accruals

–

–

–

Amounts due to related parties

–

–

–

Borrowings

–

–

–

–

–

–

/  ST ENGINEERING

212 /  ST ENGINEERING

212


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

 Carrying amount 

 Fair value 

FVOCI – equity

instruments

Other

financial

liabilities

Total 

carrying 

amount

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

23,138

–

23,138

–

23,138

23,138

–

–

20,858

–

20,858

20,858

–

–

44,461

44,461

–

44,461

23,138

–

88,457

44,461

43,996

88,457

–

–

1,049,368

–

–

54,852

–

–

146,400

–

–

730,624

–

–

1,981,244

–

–

(23,240)

(23,240)

–

(23,240)

–

(1,686,906)

(1,686,906)

–

(23,833)

(23,833)

–

(2,046,895)

(2,046,895)

–

(3,757,634)

(3,757,634)

213

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

213

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

 Carrying amount 

Group

Amortised

cost

Mandatorily

at FVTPL

Fair value

– hedging

instruments

$’000

$’000

$’000

2019

Financial assets measured at fair value

Investments

–

–

–

Associates 

–

23,328

–

Derivative financial instruments

–

7,591

11,795

–

30,919

11,795

Financial assets not measured at fair value

Trade receivables

1,247,549

–

–

Amounts due from related parties

40,467

–

–

Advances and other receivables

122,294

–

–

Bank balances and other liquid funds

453,230

–

–

1,863,540

–

–

Financial liabilities measured at fair value

Derivative financial instruments

–

(3,067)

(52,209)

Financial liabilities not measured at fair value

Creditors and accruals

–

–

–

Amounts due to related parties

–

–

–

Borrowings

–

–

–

–

–

–

/  ST ENGINEERING

214 /  ST ENGINEERING

214


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

 Carrying amount 

 Fair value 

FVOCI – equity

instruments

Other

financial

liabilities

Total 

carrying 

amount

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

16,782

–

16,782

604

6,741

9,437

16,782

–

–

23,328

–

17,481

5,847

23,328

–

–

19,386

–

19,386

–

19,386

16,782

–

59,496

604

43,608

15,284

59,496

–

–

1,247,549

–

–

40,467

–

–

122,294

–

–

453,230

–

–

1,863,540

–

–

(55,276)

–

(55,276)

–

(55,276)

–

(2,043,504)

(2,043,504)

–

(70,007)

(70,007)

–

(2,337,707)

(2,337,707)

–

(4,451,218)

(4,451,218)

215

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

215

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

Movements in Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value

The following table presents the reconciliation for all financial instruments measured at fair value based on 

significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Associate

At 1 January

5,847

–

Transfer from Level 2

20,296

7,825

Total unrealised losses recognised in profit or loss, other expenses

(5,285)

(1,978)

At 31 December

20,858

5,847

Equity instruments (unquoted)

At 1 January

9,437

–

Transfer from Level 2

13,701

9,437

At 31 December

23,138

9,437

43,996

15,284

Recognition and measurement

(a) 

Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities

Classification and subsequent measurement

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI – debt 

investment; FVOCI – equity investment; or FVTPL. 

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes 

its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are 

reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

/  ST ENGINEERING

216 /  ST ENGINEERING

216


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

(a) 

Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities (continued)

Financial assets

Classification

Subsequent measurement

Amortised cost

• 

The asset is held within a 

business model whose objective 

is to hold assets to collect 

contractual cash flows; and

• 

The contractual terms of the 

asset give rise on specified 

dates to cash flows that are 

solely payments of principal and 

interest on the principal amount 

outstanding. 

Measured at amortised cost using 

the effective interest method. 

The amortised cost is reduced 

by impairment losses. Interest 

income, foreign exchange gains 

and losses and impairment are 

recognised in profit or loss. Any 

gain or loss on derecognition is 

recognised in profit or loss.

Debt investments

at FVOCI

• 

The asset is held within a 

business model whose objective 

is 

achieved 

by 

collecting 

contractual cash flows and 

selling financial assets; and 

• 

The contractual terms of the 

asset give rise on specified 

dates to cash flows that are 

solely payments of principal and 

interest on the principal amount 

outstanding.

Measured at fair value. Interest 

income calculated using the 

effective interest method, foreign 

exchange gains and losses and 

impairment are recognised in 

profit or loss. Other net gains 

and losses are recognised in 

OCI. On derecognition, gains 

and losses accumulated in OCI 

are reclassified to profit or loss.

Equity

investments

at FVOCI

On initial recognition of an equity 

investment that is not held-for-trading, 

the Group may irrevocably elect to 

present subsequent changes in the 

investment’s fair value in OCI. This 

election is made on an investment-by-

investment basis.

Measured at fair value. Dividends 

are recognised as income in 

profit or loss unless the dividend 

clearly represents a recovery of 

part of the cost of the investment. 

Other net gains and losses are 

recognised in OCI and are never 

reclassified to profit or loss.

217

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

217

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

(a) 

Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities (continued)

Financial assets

Classification

Subsequent measurement

FVTPL*

All other financial assets are classified 

as measured at FVTPL. Financial 

assets that are held-for-trading or are 

managed, and whose performance 

is evaluated on a fair value basis, are 

measured at FVTPL.

* 

On initial recognition, the Group may 

irrevocably designate a financial asset that 

otherwise meets the requirements to be 

measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI, as 

at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly 

reduces an accounting mismatch that would 

otherwise arise.

Measured at fair value. Net 

gains and losses, including any 

interest or dividend income, are 

recognised in profit or loss.

Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of a business model in which an asset is held at a 

portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided 

to management. The information considered includes:

• 

The stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies 

in practice; 

• 

How the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group’s management; 

• 

The risks that affect the performance of the business model and how those risks are managed; 

• 

How managers of the portfolio are compensated; and 

• 

The frequency, volume and timing of disposals in prior periods, the reasons for such disposals 

and its expectations about future activity.

/  ST ENGINEERING

218 /  ST ENGINEERING

218


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

(a) 

Non-derivative financial assets and liabilities (continued)

Assessment of whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For assessment purposes, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial 

recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk 

associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other 

basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as profit margin. 

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the 

Group considers contingent events, leverage features, modifications of the time value of money and 

other limiting terms in the contractual terms of the instrument, which change the timing or amount 

of contractual cash flows such that the cash flows of the instrument would not be reflective of solely 

payments of principal and interest. 

Reclassifications

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except in the period after 

the Group changes its business model for managing those financial assets.

Financial liabilities

The Group classifies its financial liabilities, other than financial guarantees and loan commitments, as 

measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. 

Derecognition

Financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 

financial asset expire, or when it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a 

transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset 

are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and 

rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

Financial liabilities

The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or 

cancelled, or expired.

219

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

219

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

(b) 

Fair value

The Group has an established approach with respect to the measurement of fair values. 

Fair value hierarchy

The Group classifies fair value measurement using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance 

of the inputs used in making the measurements. The following table shows the levels of fair value 

hierarchy and the respective valuation technique used in measuring the fair values, as well as 

significant unobservable inputs:

Types of financial instruments

Valuation method

Level 1

FVOCI

– Equity investments (quoted)

Determined by reference to their quoted bid 

prices for these investments as at reporting date.

Level 2

FVOCI

– Equity investments (unquoted)

Determined by reference to the most recent 

purchase price.

Derivatives

– Forward currency contracts

– Interest rate swaps

– Embedded derivatives

Determined based on broker quotes. Similar 

contracts are traded in an active market and the 

quotes reflect the actual transactions in similar 

instruments.

FVTPL

– Investment in associates

Determined by reference to the most recent 

purchase price.

Level 3

FVOCI

– Equity investment (unquoted)

FVTPL

– Investment in associates

Determined based on latest funding round.

Determined based on valuation performed 

using adjusted market multiples. The market 

multiples used is 7.9. Changing one or more of 

the inputs to reasonable alternative assumptions 

is not expected to have a material impact on the 

changes in fair value.

/  ST ENGINEERING

220 /  ST ENGINEERING

220


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C15 

Classification and fair value of financial instruments (continued)

(b) 

Fair value (continued)

Measurement of fair values

The Group regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party 

information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair value, then the Group 

assesses and documents the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that 

such valuations meet the requirements of SFRS(I)s, including the level in the fair value hierarchy the 

resulting fair value estimate should be classified.

The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the 

reporting period during which the change has occurred. In 2020 and 2019, other than transfers from 

Level 2 to Level 3, there were no other transfers between the different levels of fair value hierarchy. 

The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of other classes of 

financial instruments:

Types of financial instruments

Valuation method

Bank balances, other liquid funds 

and short-term receivables

Short-term borrowings and other 

current payables

Carrying amounts approximate fair values due to the 

relatively short-term maturity of these instruments.

Long-term receivables

Estimated based on the expected cash flows discounted 

to present value.

Long-term payables

Estimated based on present value of future principal 

and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of 

interest at the reporting date.

221

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

221

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments

Cash flow hedges

At 31 December 2020, the Group held the following instruments to hedge exposures to changes in foreign 

currency and interest rates: 

Maturity

Group

Within

1 year

Between 

1 to 5 years

More than 

5 years

2020

Foreign currency risk 

Nominal amount of forward exchange contracts 

(in thousands of SGD) 

184,081

154,582

–

– Average EUR:USD forward contract rate 

1.1736

1.1615

–

– Average EUR:SGD forward contract rate 

1.6083

1.6785

–

– Average THB:SGD forward contract rate 

22.99

23.04

–

Nominal amount of embedded derivatives  

(in thousands of SGD)

138,189

92,928

–

– Average EUR:SGD

1.6191

1.6602

–

– Average USD:SGD

1.3717

1.3891

–

– Average GBP:SGD

1.8169

1.8289

–

Interest rate risk 

Nominal amount of interest rate swaps 

–

191,719

–

– Average fixed interest rate

–

2.6731

–

2019

Foreign currency risk 

Nominal amount of forward exchange contracts 

(in thousands of SGD) 

325,796

211,924

–

– Average EUR:USD forward contract rate 

1.2039

1.1752

–

– Average EUR:SGD forward contract rate 

1.6639

1.6752

–

– Average THB:SGD forward contract rate 

0.0441

–

–

Nominal amount of embedded derivatives  

(in thousands of SGD)

99,680

147,862

–

– Average EUR:SGD

1.6405

1.6494

–

– Average USD:SGD

1.3766

1.3808

–

– Average GBP:SGD

1.8005

1.8222

–

Interest rate risk 

Nominal amount of interest rate swaps 

134,810

–

195,475

– Average fixed interest rate

1.6325

–

2.6731

/  ST ENGINEERING

222 /  ST ENGINEERING

222


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments (continued)

The amounts at the reporting date relating to items designated as hedged items were as follows:

Group

Change in 

value used for

calculating 

hedge

ineffectiveness 

Cash flow 

hedge 

reserve 

$’000 

$’000 

2020

Foreign currency risk 

Sales

16,834

21,088

Receivables

(5)

(335)

Purchases

9,797

2,417

Payables 

(89)

385

Embedded derivatives

11,520

(1,636)

Interest rate risk 

Variable rate borrowings

(19,136)

(24,316)

2019

Foreign currency risk 

Sales

(12,300)

(8,370)

Receivables

129

(330)

Purchases

(8,844)

(5,938)

Payables 

(566)

(268)

Embedded derivatives

(1,029)

(13,156)

Interest rate risk 

Variable rate borrowings

(9,832)

(7,001)

There are no balances remaining in the cash flow hedge reserve from hedging relationships for which hedge 

accounting is no longer applied.

223

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

223

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments (continued)

The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness were as follows:

2020

Group

Nominal

amount

Assets

Liabilities

Line item in the

statement of financial

position where the

hedging instrument

is included

$’000

$’000

$’000

Foreign currency risk 

Forward exchange contracts 

338,664

29,915

(492)

Derivative financial 

instruments, advances 

and other receivables 

and trade payables and 

accruals

Embedded derivatives

231,117

851

(3,645)

Interest rate risk 

Interest rate swaps(a)

191,719

–

(12,222)

Derivative financial 

instruments

2019

Group

Nominal

amount

Assets

Liabilities

Line item

in the statement

of financial position 

where the hedging 

instrument

is included

$’000

$’000

$’000

Foreign currency risk 

Forward exchange contracts 

537,720

3,136

(21,180)

Derivative financial 

instruments, advances 

and other receivables 

and trade payables 

and accruals

Embedded derivatives

247,542

–

(13,489)

Interest rate risk 

Interest rate swaps 

330,285

12

(7,560)

Derivative financial 

instruments

(a) 

The contractual notional amount of interest rate swaps held for hedging which is based on LIBOR is $191,719,000 (2019: $330,285,000).

/  ST ENGINEERING

224 /  ST ENGINEERING

224


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

During the year 2020

Changes in

the value of

the hedging

instrument

recognised

in OCI

Hedge

ineffectiveness

recognised in

profit or loss

Line item in

profit or loss that

includes hedge

ineffectiveness

Amount from

hedging reserve

transferred

to cost

of inventory

Amount

reclassified

from hedging

reserve to

profit or loss

Line item in

profit or loss

affected by the

reclassification

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

26,537

3

Cost of sales /

Finance costs, net

(1,890)

13,814

Revenue /

Cost of sales /

Operating

expenses /

Finance costs, net

11,520

–

–

–

–

–

(4,808)

–

–

–

(20)

–

During the year 2019

Changes in

the value of

the hedging

instrument

recognised

in OCI

Hedge

ineffectiveness

recognised in

profit or loss

Line item in

profit or loss that

includes hedge

ineffectiveness

Amount from

hedging reserve

transferred

to cost

of inventory

Amount

reclassified

from hedging

reserve to

profit or loss

Line item in

profit or loss

affected by the

reclassification

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

(21,581)

1,071

Cost of sales /

Finance costs, net

3,700

(1,371)

Revenue /

Cost of sales /

Operating

expenses /

Finance costs, net

(1,029)

–

–

–

–

–

(9,832)

–

–

–

–

–

225

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

225

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments (continued)

The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of components of equity and analysis of OCI 

items, net of tax, resulting from cash flow hedge accounting:

Hedging reserve

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Balance at 1 January 

(32,950)

(424)

Change in fair value: 

Foreign currency risk 

38,057

(22,610)

Interest rate risk 

(19,136)

(9,832)

Equity accounted joint ventures

763

(5,379)

Amount reclassified to profit or loss: 

Foreign currency risk 

15,635

(1,371)

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items: 

Foreign currency risk – inventory purchases

(1,890)

3,700

Tax movements on reserves during the year

(8,051)

2,966

Balance at 31 December

(7,572)

(32,950)

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting 

The derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative 

contract is entered into. Attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Subsequent 

to initial recognition, derivative financial instruments are remeasured at their fair values. 

Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge 

accounting are taken directly to the profit or loss. 

Designation of hedges

At inception or upon reassessment of the hedge arrangement, the Group documents the relationship 

between hedging instrument and hedged item, and the methods that will be used to measure the 

effectiveness of the hedged relationship, as well as risk management policies and strategies in undertaking 

various hedged transactions.

The Group also documents its assessment, both at inception and on an ongoing basis, the economic 

relationship between hedging instruments and hedged item, including whether derivatives designated as 

hedging instruments are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item.

/  ST ENGINEERING

226 /  ST ENGINEERING

226


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments (continued)

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Category

Subsequent measurement

(1)

Cash flow

hedges

When a derivative is designated in a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of changes 

in the fair value of the derivative is recognised in other comprehensive income limited 

to the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedged item and presented in the 

fair value reserve. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative 

(i.e. the extent to which changes in the fair value of the hedge instrument do not 

match the changes in fair value of the hedged item) is recognised immediately in 

profit or loss.

The amount accumulated in equity is retained in other comprehensive income, and 

depending on the nature of the hedged item, will either be transferred to the profit 

or loss in the same period that the underlying transaction affects profit or loss or be 

capitalised in the initial carrying amount of the non-financial item.

If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires 

or is sold, terminated or exercised, hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. 

The cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in the fair value reserve remains 

there until the forecast transaction occurs. If the forecast transaction is no longer 

expected to occur, then the amount accumulated in equity is reclassified to profit 

or loss.

(2)

Fair value

hedges

Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments that are designated and 

qualify as fair value hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with any changes 

in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk.

(3)

Net

investment

hedges

The Group designates certain derivatives and non-derivative financial liabilities as 

hedges of foreign exchange risk on a net investment in a foreign operation. 

When a derivative instrument or a non-derivative financial liability is designated 

as the hedging instrument in a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, 

the effective portion of, for a derivative, changes in the fair value of the hedging 

instrument or, for a non-derivative, foreign exchange gains and losses is recognised 

in OCI and presented in the translation reserve within equity. Any ineffective portion 

of the changes in the fair value of the derivative or foreign exchange gains and 

losses on the non-derivative is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The amount 

recognised in OCI is reclassified to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment on 

disposal of the foreign operation. 

227

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

227

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

C16 

Derivative financial instruments (continued)

Estimate and judgement: Interest rate benchmark reform

Following the global financial crisis, the reform and replacement of benchmark interest rates such as USD 

LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) has become a priority for global regulators. There is 

currently uncertainty around the timing and precise nature of these changes.

To transition existing contracts and agreements that reference LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

(SOFR), adjustments for term differences and credit differences might need to be applied to SOFR, to enable 

the two benchmark rates to be economically equivalent on transition.

The Group’s treasury function is managing the Group’s LIBOR transition plan. The greatest change will be 

amendments to the contractual terms of the LIBOR-referenced interest rate swap and the corresponding 

update of the hedge designation. 

Relief applied

The Group has applied the following reliefs that were introduced by the amendments made to SFRS(I) 9 

Financial Instruments:

• 

When considering the ‘highly probable’ requirement, the Group has assumed that the variable interest 

rate on which the Group’s hedged debt is based does not change as a result of IBOR reform;

• 

In assessing whether the hedge is expected to be highly effective on a forward-looking basis the 

Group has assumed that the variable interest rate on which the cash flows of the hedged debt and 

the interest rate swap that hedges it are based is not altered by the IBOR reform; and

• 

The Group has not recycled the cash flow hedge reserve relating to the period after the reforms are 

expected to take effect.

Assumptions made

In calculating the change in fair value attributable to the hedged risk of floating-rate debt, the Group has 

made the following assumptions that no changes to the terms of the floating rate debt are anticipated to 

reflect its current expectations.

/  ST ENGINEERING

228 /  ST ENGINEERING

228


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D. 

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

The Group uses the following programs to reward and recognise employees and key executives, including 

key management personnel. 

• 

Economic Value Added (EVA)-based Incentive Scheme 

• 

Defined contribution plans

• 

Employee benefits

• 

Share plans

The Group believes that these programs reinforce the value of ownership and incentivise and drive performance 

both individually and collectively to maximise returns to the shareholders.

D1 

Economic Value Added (EVA)-based 

D3 

Post-employment benefits

 

Incentive Scheme  

D2 

Personnel expenses 

D4 

Share-based payment arrangements

D1 

Economic Value Added (EVA)-based Incentive Scheme 

The Group adopts an incentive compensation plan, which is tied to the creation of EVA, as well as attainment 

of individual and Group performance goals for its key executives. An EVA bank is used to hold incentive 

compensation credited in any year. 

Typically a portion of EVA-based bonus declared in the financial year is paid out in cash each year, with the 

balance being deferred for payment in the following years.

Estimate and judgement: EVA-based Incentive Scheme (EBIS)

Estimates of the Group’s obligations arising from the EBIS at the reporting date may be affected by future 

events, which cannot be predicated with any certainty. The assumptions and estimates are made based 

on management’s knowledge and experience and may vary from actual experience so that the actual 

liability may vary considerably from the best estimates. Negative EVA will result in a clawback of EVA bonus 

accumulated in previous years.

229

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

229

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D2 

Personnel expenses

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Wages and salaries*

1,464,167

1,837,969

Contributions to defined contribution plans

169,561

192,178

Defined benefit plan expenses

37,791

21,800

Share-based payments

21,226

23,925

Other personnel expenses

261,563

224,022

1,954,308

2,299,894

* 

$353,233,000 (2019: Nil) of COVID-19 related government grants were recognised during the year, 

including amount received under the Jobs Support Scheme and various government grants received 

by the Group’s subsidiaries in the countries they operate in. 

Recognition and measurement

(i) 

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed 

as the related service is provided. 

(ii) 

Defined contribution plans

Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed 

contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund and will have no legal or 

constructive obligation to pay further amounts. The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution 

plans are recognised in the income statement as expenses in the financial year to which they relate.

D3 

Post-employment benefits

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Net defined benefit asset

319

–

Total post-employment benefit asset

319

–

Net defined benefit liabilities

460,724

377,987

Liability for staff benefits

9,820

13,339

Total post-employment benefit liabilities

470,544

391,326

Non-current

462,548

380,061

Current

7,996

11,265

470,544

391,326

/  ST ENGINEERING

230 /  ST ENGINEERING

230


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D3 

Post-employment benefits (continued)

Movement in net defined benefit liability/(asset)

The following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for net defined 

benefit liability/(asset) and its components.

Defined benefit

obligation

Fair value of 

plan assets

Net defined benefit

liability/(asset)

Group

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Balance at 1 January

714,844

113,361

(336,857)

(7,320)

377,987

106,041

Included in profit or loss

Current service cost

21,321

12,809

–

–

21,321

12,809

Past service credit

5,241

–

–

–

5,241

–

Interest cost/(income)

19,906

15,130

(10,639)

(7,646)

9,267

7,484

Administrative expenses

634

243

1,328

1,264

1,962

1,507

47,102

28,182

(9,311)

(6,382)

37,791

21,800

Included in OCI

Remeasurement loss/(gain):

• Actuarial loss/(gain) arising from:

– demographic assumptions

(2,022)

16,504

–

–

(2,022)

16,504

– financial assumptions

75,028

74,847

478

(43)

75,506

74,804

– experience assumptions

1,565

720

72

(143)

1,637

577

• Return on plan assets excluding 

interest income

–

–

(10,210)

(27,110)

(10,210)

(27,110)

74,571

92,071

(9,660)

(27,296)

64,911

64,775

Others

Contributions paid by the employer

(570)

1,331

(26,954)

(26,420)

(27,524)

(25,089)

Contributions paid by the employee

–

51

–

(51)

–

–

Benefits paid

(21,322)

(15,875)

20,651

13,714

(671)

(2,161)

Acquisition of subsidiaries

–

505,988

–

(286,688)

–

219,300

Translation difference

7,803

(10,265)

108

3,586

7,911

(6,679)

Balance at 31 December

822,428

714,844

(362,023)

(336,857)

460,405

377,987

231

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

231

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D3 

Post-employment benefits (continued)

The expenses are recognised in the following line items in profit or loss:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Cost of sales

25,865

19,960

Administrative expenses

4,571

1,610

Other operating expenses

83

16

Finance cost, net

7,272

214

Defined benefit obligation expenses

37,791

21,800

The fair value of plan assets in each category are as follows:

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Equity securities

140,777

135,201

Government bonds

31,268

30,314

Corporate bonds

122,547

108,642

Derivatives

778

208

Cash/money markets

6,873

4,183

Property occupied by the Group

34,991

40,777

Funds managed by a trustee

2,216

2,234

Funds with insurance companies

22,573

15,298

Fair value of plan assets

362,023

336,857

All equity securities and government bonds have quoted prices in active markets. All government bonds have 

an average rating of A+.

In the case of the funded plans, the Group ensures that the investment positions are managed within an 

asset-liability matching (ALM) framework that has been developed to achieve long-term investments that are 

in line with the obligations under the pension schemes. Within this framework, the Group’s ALM objective is 

to match assets to the pension obligations by investing in long-term fixed interest securities with maturities 

that match the benefit payments as they fall due and in the appropriate currency.

/  ST ENGINEERING

232 /  ST ENGINEERING

232


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D3 

Post-employment benefits (continued)

Defined benefit obligation

(a) 

Actuarial assumptions

The following relates to the actuarial assumptions of significant post-employment defined benefit 

plans for subsidiaries in Germany and United States of America. The remaining defined benefit plans 

are not material to the Group and additional disclosures are not shown at the reporting date.

The following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date (expressed as 

weighted averages):

Group

2020

2019

%

%

Discount rate

1.7

2.3

Future salary growth

3.2

3.2

Future pension growth

2.0

2.5

Assumptions regarding future mortality have been based on published statistics and mortality tables. 

The current longevities underlying the values of the defined benefit obligation at the reporting date 

were as follows:

Group

2020

2019

Germany

U.S.

Germany

U.S.

Longevity at age 65 for current pensioners:

Males

20.3

19.4

20.3

19.6

Females

23.8

21.4

23.8

21.6

Longevity at age 65 for current members aged 45:

Males

23.1

19.9

23.1

20.1

Females

26.0

22.1

26.0

22.4

At 31 December 2020, the weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 25.4 years 

(2019: 24.2 years) for the subsidiaries in Germany and 14.6 years (2019: 13.1 years) for the subsidiary 

in United States of America.

233

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

233

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D3 

Post-employment benefits (continued)

(b) 

Sensitivity analysis

Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, 

holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the 

amounts shown below.

2020

2019

Group

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Discount rate (0.5% movement)

(64,249)

72,501

(51,601)

58,782

Future salary growth (0.25% movement)

2,328

(2,111)

2,148

(2,060)

Future pension growth (0.25% movement)

2,632

(2,512)

2,350

(2,246)

Future mortality (10% movement)

(19,040)

26,264

(16,316)

21,499

Recognition and measurement

A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The 

Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by 

estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the 

current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value.

The fair value of any plan assets is deducted. The Group determines the net interest expense/

(income) on the net defined benefit liability/(asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used 

to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the net defined 

benefit liability/(asset).

/  ST ENGINEERING

234 /  ST ENGINEERING

234


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D4 

Share-based payment arrangements

PSP2010 and PSP2020 (PSP) 

The PSP is established with the objective of motivating Senior Management Executive to strive for sustained 

long-term growth and performance in ST Engineering and its subsidiaries (ST Engineering Group or the 

Group). Awards of performance shares are granted conditional on performance targets set based on the ST 

Engineering Group corporate objectives. 

The performance measures used in PSP grants are Absolute Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against Cost of 

Equity hurdles (i.e. measure of absolute Wealth Added); and Earnings Per Share (EPS) Growth against pre-

determined targets. In addition to the PSP performance targets being met, final award for PSP is conditional 

upon satisfactory performance of the recipient. 

RSP2010 and RSP2020 (RSP) 

The RSP is established with the objective of motivating managers and above to strive for sustained long-term 

growth of ST Engineering Group. It also aims to foster a share ownership culture among employees within 

the ST Engineering Group and to better align employees’ incentive scheme with shareholders’ interest. 

A minimum threshold performance is required for any shares to be released to the recipients at the end 

of the performance period. The shares will vest equally over a four-year performance period, subject to 

continued employment with the Group and maintaining a satisfactory performance rating for the ﬁnancial 

year preceding each tranche of vesting.

Movement in the number of shares under the PSP and RSP are as follows:

Group

2020

2019

PSP

RSP

PSP

RSP

Outstanding awards

Balance at 1 January 

4,896,009

13,308,887

4,818,034

12,501,287

Granted

3,458,270

6,705,899

2,280,194

6,594,486

Lapsed

(430,932)

(790,203)

(160,722)

(580,892)

Released

(2,377,103)

(5,962,544)

(2,041,497)

(5,205,994)

Balance at 31 December

5,546,244

13,262,039

4,896,009

13,308,887

These shares were awarded by reissuance of treasury shares.

235

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

235

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

D4 

Share-based payment arrangements (continued)

Singapore Technologies Engineering Performance Share Plan (PSP) and Singapore Technologies 

Engineering Restricted Share Plan (RSP) 

PSP

RSP

Group

Year of grant

Year of grant

2020

2019

2020

2019

Volatility of the Company’s shares (%) 

26.87

13.37

26.87

13.37

Risk-free rate (%)

1.13

1.92

0.99 – 1.21

1.91 – 1.93

Share price ($)

2.80

3.75

2.80

3.75

Cost of equity (%)

7.2

7.0

N.A.

N.A.

Dividend yield 

(--Management’s forecast

in line with dividend policy--)

(--Management’s forecast

in line with dividend policy--)

The fair value of the performance and restricted shares is determined on grant date using the Monte Carlo 

simulation model. 

During the current year, the Group met the pre-determined target performance level and hence, 2,377,103 

performance shares were awarded in respect of the grant made in 2017 under PSP2010. In the prior year, 

2,041,497 performance shares were awarded in respect of the grant made in 2016 under PSP2010.

Recognition and measurement

The Group operates a number of share-based payment plans. A description of each type of share-based 

payment arrangement that existed at any time during the period is described in the Directors’ Statement.

The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards granted to employees is recognised as an employee 

expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees unconditionally 

become entitled to the awards. 

The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related 

service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately 

recognised as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and non-market 

performance conditions at the vesting date.

/  ST ENGINEERING

236 /  ST ENGINEERING

236


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E. 

CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND FINANCING

This section provides information relating to the Group’s capital structure and how they affect the Group’s 

financial position and performance, and how the risks are managed.

The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a strong credit rating and 

healthy financial metrics in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value. Capital consists of total 

shareholders’ funds and gross debts.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustment to it, in the light of changes in economic and 

financial market conditions. The Group may adjust the dividend payout to shareholders, buy back or issue new 

shares to optimise capital structure within the Group.

E1 

Capital management 

E6 

Share capital 

E2 

Finance costs, net 

E7 

Treasury shares

E3 

Investments 

E8 

Capital reserves

E4 

Borrowings 

E9 

Other reserves

E5 

Commitments and contingent liabilities 

E10 

Dividends

E1 

Capital management

The Group is currently in a net debt position and will continue to be guided by prudent financial policies of 

which gearing is an important aspect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to externally 

imposed capital requirements.

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Gross debt

Bank loans

115,525

477,409

Commercial papers

396,230

1,436,140

Medium term notes

987,841

–

Lease liabilities

527,734

424,158

Other loans

19,565

–

Financial guarantees

15,332

106,052

2,062,227

2,443,759

237

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

237

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E1 

Capital management (continued)

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Shareholders’ funds

Share capital 

895,926

895,926

Treasury shares

(23,743)

(26,731)

Capital and other reserves

18,017

(36,882)

Retained earnings

1,402,414

1,389,966

2,292,614

2,222,279

Non-controlling interests

282,175

268,722

2,574,789

2,491,001

Gross debt/equity ratio 

0.8

1.0

Cash and cash equivalents

729,479

452,095

Gross debt (excluding bank overdrafts)

(2,062,227)

(2,443,759)

Net debt position

(1,332,748)

(1,991,664)

E2 

Finance costs, net

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Finance income

Interest income

– bank deposits

3,003

4,620

– staff loans

6

7

– finance lease

617

160

– others

2,117

4,700

Exchange gain, net

–

3,350

Fair value changes of financial instruments

– gain on forward currency contract designated as hedging instrument

103

118

– gain on fair value changes of forward currency contract not 

designated as hedging instrument

863

–

– gain on ineffective portion of forward currency contract designated 

as hedging instrument in cash flow hedges

45

3

Fair value changes of hedged items

2,520

1,332

9,274

14,290

/  ST ENGINEERING

238 /  ST ENGINEERING

238


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E2 

Finance costs, net (continued)

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Finance costs

Interest expense

– bank loans and overdrafts

(7,974)

(18,988)

– medium term notes and commercial papers

(21,549)

(8,902)

– lease liabilities 

(16,458)

(12,481)

– contracts with customers

(1,480)

(1,579)

– others

(2,122)

(2,803)

Exchange loss, net

(19,441)

–

Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges reclassified from equity 

on occurrence of forecast transactions

(1,306)

(1,343)

Fair value changes of financial instruments

– loss on forward currency contract designated as hedging instrument

(892)

–

– loss on fair value changes of forward currency contract not 

designated as hedging instrument

–

(2,841)

(71,222)

(48,937)

Finance costs, net, recognised in profit or loss

(61,948)

(34,647)

Recognition and measurement

Finance income comprises interest income, dividend income, gains on disposal and fair valuation of financial 

assets and gains on hedging instruments that are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is recognised 

as it accrues in profit or loss, using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognised in profit or 

loss when the shareholder’s right to receive payment is established. 

Finance costs comprise interest expense, losses on disposal and fair valuation of financial assets, and 

losses on hedging instruments that are recognised in profit or loss. Interest expense that are not directly 

attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or 

loss using the effective interest method.

Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities are reported on a net basis as either 

finance income or finance cost.

239

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

239

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E3 

Investments

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Equity shares, at FVOCI

– quoted

–

604

– unquoted

23,138

16,178

Total investments, net of impairment losses

23,138

16,782

Represented by:

Short-term investments

–

604

Long-term investments

23,138

16,178

23,138

16,782

E4 

Borrowings

Group

Note

Non-current

Current

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

31 December 2020

Bank loans

(a)

101,865

13,660

115,525

Commercial papers

(b)

–

396,230

396,230

Medium term notes

(c)

987,841

–

987,841

Lease liabilities

(d)

460,854

66,880

527,734

Other loans

(e)

–

19,565

19,565

1,550,560

496,335

2,046,895

31 December 2019

Bank loans

(a)

106,389

371,020

477,409

Commercial papers

(b)

–

1,436,140

1,436,140

Lease liabilities

(d)

362,506

61,652

424,158

468,895

1,868,812

2,337,707

/  ST ENGINEERING

240 /  ST ENGINEERING

240


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

(a) 

Bank loans

Currency

Effective 

interest rate

Maturity

Group

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

%

%

$’000

$’000

Bank loans

SGD

–

1.50

–

2020

–

350,000

USD

5.01

5.01

2023 2020 – 2023

12,897

14,827

RMB

–

4.35 – 4.75

– 2020 – 2021

–

17,302

EUR

0.47 – 1.59

0.47 – 1.59 2026 – 2029 2025 – 2029 102,628

95,280

115,525

477,409

– Unsecured

62,811

408,313

– Secured

52,714

69,096

At the end 

of the year

115,525

477,409

There are bank loans which are secured by assets as follows:

Secured by

Loan amount ($)

Certain property, plant and equipment of subsidiaries

–

$35,043,000 (2019: $35,388,000)

Subsidiary’s land use right

–

$17,671,000 (2019: $33,708,000)

All bank loans are denominated in the respective entities’ functional currency.

(b) 

Commercial papers

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Principal

396,660

1,440,175

Unamortised interest

(233)

(3,687)

Unamortised costs

(197)

(348)

396,230

1,436,140

241

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

241

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

(c) 

Medium term notes

Group

2020

$’000

Principal

991,650

Unamortised discount

(3,809)

987,841

Unamortised discount:

At beginning of the year

–

Additions

4,406

Amortisation for the year

(621)

Translation difference

24

At the end of the year

3,809

On 29 April 2020, the Group issued US$750 million 1.50% Notes due 2025 under its S$5.0 billion 

Multicurrency Medium Term Note Programme. The bonds bore interest at a fixed rate of 1.50% 

per annum and interest was payable every six months from the date of issue. The bonds were 

unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company.

(d) 

Lease liabilities

The Group leases many assets including real estate leases, vehicles, machinery and IT equipment. 

Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below.

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows

Within 1 year

71,307

65,836

Between 1 and 5 years

208,666

159,544

After 5 years

416,304

342,040

Total undiscounted lease liabilities at 31 December

696,277

567,420

Lease liabilities included in the balance sheet at 31 December

527,734

424,158

Repayable:

Within 1 year

66,880

61,652

After 1 year

460,854

362,506

527,734

424,158

The total cash outflow for leases recognised in the statement of cash flows is $77,592,000 

(2019: $105,375,000).

/  ST ENGINEERING

242 /  ST ENGINEERING

242


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

(d) 

Lease liabilities (continued)

(i) 

Real estate leases

The Group leases land and buildings for its office space, hangar and production facilities. The 

leases of office space typically run for a period of 5 to 30 years. Some leases include an option to 

renew the lease for an additional period of the same duration after the end of the contract term. 

Some leases provide for additional rent payments that are based on changes in local price 

indices. Some also require the Group to make payments that relate to the property taxes 

levied on the lessor and insurance payments made by the lessor; these amounts are generally 

determined annually.

The Group sub-leases some of its properties under operating and finance leases.

Extension options

Some leases of office buildings contain extension options exercisable by the Group up to the 

day before the end of the non-cancellable contract period. Where practicable, the Group seeks 

to include extension options in new leases to provide operational flexibility. The extension 

options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the lessors. The Group assesses at 

lease commencement whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The 

Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant 

event or significant change in circumstances within its control.

Key estimate and judgement: Extension options – Lease terms

Extension option is included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended. 

In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create 

an economic incentive to exercise the extension option. The leases for office buildings contain 

extension periods, for which the related lease payments had not been included in lease 

liabilities as the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise these extension option. The Group 

negotiates extension options to optimise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets 

used in the Group’s operations. The majority of the extension options are exercisable by the 

Group and not by the lessor.

Group

Lease liabilities

recognised (discounted)

Potential future lease

payments not included in

lease liabilities (discounted)

$’000

$’000

2020

Office buildings

40,092

102,713

2019

Office buildings

26,388

48,231

243

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

243

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

(d) 

Lease liabilities (continued)

(ii) 

Other leases

The Group leases vehicles and equipment, with lease terms of three to five years. In some cases, 

the Group has options to purchase the assets at the end of the contract term. 

The Group monitors the use of these vehicles and equipment, and reassesses the estimated 

amount payable under the residual value guarantees at the reporting date to remeasure lease 

liabilities and right-of-use assets. 

The Group also leases IT equipment and machinery with contract terms of one to three years. 

These leases are short-term and/or leases of low-value items. The Group has elected not to 

recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for these leases.

(e) 

Other loans

Included in the other loans is a USD denominated promissory note of $19,565,000 favouring the U.S. 

Department of the Treasury issued by a U.S. entity of the Group related to a Payroll Support Program 

agreement under the Coronavirus.Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. The promissory 

note has a 10-years’ maturity with no prepayment penalties, unsecured and bears an effective interest 

at 4% per annum currently. The U.S. entity intends to repay the loan within the next twelve months.

/  ST ENGINEERING

244 /  ST ENGINEERING

244


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

Reconciliation of movements of liabilities and assets to cash flows arising from financing activities

Liabilities

Assets

Group

Borrowings

Trade

payables 

and accruals

Amounts due

to related

parties

Deposits

pledged

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Balance at 1 January 2020

2,337,707

2,043,504

70,007

(1,135)

4,450,083

Changes from 

financing cash flows

Proceeds from bank loans

370,131

–

–

–

370,131

Proceeds from MTN issuance 

1,058,400

–

–

–

1,058,400

Proceeds from 

commercial papers

524,092

–

–

–

524,092

Proceeds from other loans

19,565

–

–

–

19,565

Repayment of 

commercial papers

(1,570,209)

–

–

–

(1,570,209)

Repayment of bank loans

(743,080)

–

–

–

(743,080)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(61,271)

–

–

–

(61,271)

Interest paid

(45,401)

(10,499)

–

–

(55,900)

Deposit discharged

–

–

–

(10)

(10)

Total changes from 

financing cash flows

(447,773)

(10,499)

–

(10)

(458,282)

The effect of changes in 

foreign exchange rates

(51,621)

(1,989)

–

–

(53,610)

Change in fair value

14,328

–

–

–

14,328

Liability-related 

other changes

Working capital changes

–

(355,557)

(46,314)

–

(401,871)

Other movements

28,045

–

–

–

28,045

New leases

128,213

–

–

–

128,213

Interest expense

37,996

11,447

140

–

49,583

Total liability-related 

other changes

194,254

(344,110)

(46,174)

–

(196,030)

Balance at 

31 December 2020

2,046,895

1,686,906

23,833

(1,145)

3,756,489

245

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

245

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E4 

Borrowings (continued)

Reconciliation of movements of liabilities and assets to cash flows arising from financing activities 

(continued)

Liabilities

Assets

Group

Borrowings

Trade

payables 

and accruals

Amounts due

to related

parties

Deposits

pledged

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Balance at 1 January 2019

495,779

1,888,812

85,445

(1,380)

2,468,656

Adjustment on initial 

application of SFRS(I) 16

389,515

–

–

–

389,515

Changes from 

financing cash flows

Proceeds from bank loans

1,079,911

–

–

–

1,079,911

Proceeds from commercial 

papers

1,440,175

–

–

–

1,440,175

Repayment of bank loans

(1,119,271)

–

–

–

(1,119,271)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(92,894)

–

–

–

(92,894)

Repayment of loan to a 

joint venture

–

–

(4,000)

–

(4,000)

Interest paid

(25,315)

(30,898)

–

–

(56,213)

Deposit discharged

–

–

–

245

245

Total changes from 

financing cash flows

1,282,606

(30,898)

(4,000)

245

1,247,953

Changes arising from 

obtaining or losing 

control of subsidiaries  

or other businesses

53,130

111,187

–

–

164,317

The effect of changes in 

foreign exchange rates

5,679

(5,387)

–

–

292

Liability-related 

other changes

Working capital changes

(1,707)

57,332

(12,350)

–

43,275

New leases

91,322

–

–

–

91,322

Interest expense

21,383

22,458

912

–

44,753

Total liability-related 

other changes

110,998

79,790

(11,438)

–

179,350

Balance at 

31 December 2019

2,337,707

2,043,504

70,007

(1,135)

4,450,083

/  ST ENGINEERING

246 /  ST ENGINEERING

246


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E5 

Commitments and contingent liabilities

(i) 

Capital commitments

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Capital expenditure contracted but not provided in the 

financial statements

54,455

62,670

(ii) 

Leases – As lessee

As at 31 December 2020, the Group had certain non-cancellable future minimum lease payments 

for short-term leases or leases for low-value assets amounting to $2,618,000 (31 December 2019: 

$3,110,000). 

(iii) 

Leases – As lessor

The Group has entered into non-cancellable operating leases on its aircraft, aircraft engines and 

certain property, plant and equipment. The lease terms range from 1 to 15 years.

The following table sets out a maturity analysis of lease payments, showing the undiscounted lease 

payments to be received after the reporting date.

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Less than 1 year

9,012

10,758

1 to 2 years

4,651

6,509

2 to 3 years

3,589

5,556

3 to 4 years

3,565

5,510

4 to 5 years

1,147

3,088

More than 5 years

848

9,725

Total undiscounted lease payments

22,812

41,146

(iv) 

Contingent liabilities (unsecured)

The Group is a party to various claims that arise in the normal course of the Group’s business. The 

total liability on these matters cannot be determined with certainty. However, in the opinion of 

management, the ultimate liability, to the extent not otherwise provided for, will not materially impact 

the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

247

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

247

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E5 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)

Recognition and measurement

As a lessee 

At the inception of the contract, the Group assesses if the contract contains a lease. A contract contains 

a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in 

exchange for consideration. Reassessment is only required when the terms and conditions of the contract 

are changed.

The Group recognised a right-of-use asset and lease liability at the date which the underlying asset is 

available for use. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost which comprises the initial measurement of 

lease liabilities adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date and lease 

incentive received. Any initial direct costs that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been 

obtained are added to the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets.

These right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the 

commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the 

lease term.

Right-of-use assets (except for those which meets the definition of an investment property) are presented 

in Note C2.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments discounted using the 

implicit rate in the lease, if the rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the 

Group shall use its incremental borrowing rate.

Lease payments include the following:

• 

Fixed payment (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivables;

• 

Variable lease payment that are based on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate 

as at the commencement date;

• 

Amount expected to be payable under residual value guarantees

• 

The exercise price of a purchase option if is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and

• 

Payment of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising 

that option.

/  ST ENGINEERING

248 /  ST ENGINEERING

248


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E5 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)

Recognition and measurement (continued)

As a lessee (continued)

For contracts that contain both lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration to 

each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease and non-lease component. 

The Group has elected to not separate lease and non-lease component for property leases and account 

these as one single lease component.

Lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Lease liability shall be 

remeasured when:

• 

There is a change in future lease payments arising from changes in an index or rate;

• 

There is a change in the Group’s assessment of whether it will exercise an extension option; or

• 

There is modification in the scope or the consideration of the lease that was not part of the 

original term.

Lease liability is remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset or is recorded in 

profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

Short term and low value leases

The Group has elected to not recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that 

have lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of low value leases, except for sublease arrangements. 

Lease payments relating to these leases are expensed to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the 

lease term.

As a lessor

The Group leases equipment under finance leases and office spaces under operating leases to 

non-related parties.

Finance leases are leases where the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards incidental to 

ownership of the leased assets to the lessees, are classified as finance leases.

The leased asset is derecognised and the present value of the lease receivable is recognised on the balance 

sheet and included in “Trade and other receivables”. The difference between the gross receivable and the 

present value of the lease receivable is recognised as unearned finance income.

249

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

249

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E5 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)

As a lessor (continued)

Each lease payment received is applied against the gross investment in the finance lease receivable to reduce 

both the principal and the unearned finance income. The finance income is recognised in profit or loss on 

a basis that reflects a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment in the finance lease receivable.

Initial direct costs incurred by the Group in negotiating and arranging finance leases are added to finance 

lease receivables and reduce the amount of income recognised over the lease term.

Operating leases are leases where the Group retains substantially all risks and rewards incidental to 

ownership are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating leases (net of any incentives 

given to the lessees) is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Initial direct costs incurred by the Group in negotiating and arranging operating leases are added to the 

carrying amount of the leased assets and recognised as an expense in profit or loss over the lease term on 

the same basis as the lease income.

Contingent rents are recognised as income in profit or loss when earned.

In classifying a sublease, the Group as an intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance or an 

operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, rather than the 

underlying asset. 

When the sublease is assessed as a finance lease, the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to 

the head lease that it transfers to the sublessee and recognised the net investment in the sublease within 

“Trade and other receivables”. Any differences between the right-of-use asset derecognised and the net 

investment in sublease is recognised in profit or loss. Lease liability relating to the head lease is retained in 

the balance sheet, which represents the lease payments owed to the head lessor. 

When the sublease is assessed as an operating lease, the Group recognise lease income from sublease in 

profit or loss within “Other income”. The right-of-use asset relating to the head lease is not derecognised. 

For contract which contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration based 

on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

/  ST ENGINEERING

250 /  ST ENGINEERING

250


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E6 

Share capital

Company

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Issued and fully paid, with no par value

At beginning and end of the year 3,122,495,197 ordinary shares

895,926

895,926

Included in share capital is a special share issued to the Minister for Finance. The special share enjoys all the 

rights attached to the ordinary shares. In addition, the special share carries the right to approve any resolution to 

be passed by the Company, either in general meeting or by its Board of Directors, on certain matters specified 

in the Company’s Constitution. The special share may be converted at any time into an ordinary share.

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All 

ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restriction.

Recognition and measurement

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares 

are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

E7 

Treasury shares

Company

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

At beginning of the year

(26,731)

(9,030)

Purchased during the year

(29,154)

(43,768)

Reissue of treasury shares pursuant to share plans

32,142

26,067

At end of the year

(23,743)

(26,731)

Treasury shares relate to ordinary shares of the Company that are held by the Company.

During the year, the Company purchased 8,550,000 (2019: 11,300,000) of its ordinary shares by way of on-

market purchases. The shares, held as treasury shares, were included as deduction against shareholders’ 

equity. 8,339,647 (2019: 7,247,491) treasury shares, at a cost of $32,142,000 (2019: $26,067,000), were 

reissued pursuant to its RSP and PSP.

251

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

251

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E7 

Treasury shares (continued)

Recognition and measurement

When ordinary shares are reacquired by the Company, the consideration paid is recognised as a deduction 

from equity. Reacquired shares are classified as treasury shares. When treasury shares are sold, or re-issued 

subsequently, the cost of treasury shares is reversed from treasury shares account and the realised gain 

or loss on transaction is presented as a change in equity of the Company. No gain or loss is recognised in 

profit or loss.

Treasury shares have no voting rights and no dividends are allocated to them.

E8 

Capital reserves

Included in capital reserve are:

(a) 

an amount of $115,948,000 (2019: $115,948,000) relating to share premium of the respective pooled 

enterprises, namely ST Engineering Aerospace Ltd., ST Engineering Electronics Ltd., ST Engineering 

Land Systems Ltd. and ST Engineering Marine Ltd. classified as capital reserve upon the pooling of 

interests during the year ended 31 December 1997; and

(b) 

an amount of $8,914,000 (2019: $3,385,000) relating to realised loss (2019: realised loss) on re-issuance 

of treasury shares under share-based payment arrangements as at 31 December 2020.

Capital reserves are non-distributable.

/  ST ENGINEERING

252 /  ST ENGINEERING

252


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E9 

Other reserves

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Foreign currency translation reserve

(154,074)

(194,076)

Statutory reserve

1,494

1,323

Fair value reserve

(7,571)

(32,703)

Share-based payment reserve

74,298

79,175

Premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interests

(3,164)

(3,164)

(89,017)

(149,445)

Fair value reserve movement arising from other comprehensive income comprises of:

Net fair value changes on financial assets:

– Net fair value changes during the year for FVOCI equity instruments 

(246)

182

– Reclassification to retained earnings on realisation

584

–

338

182

Foreign currency translation reserve movement arising from other 

comprehensive income comprises of:

Foreign currency translation differences arising from:

– Translation of loans forming part of net investments in 

foreign entities

10,245

(4,926)

– Share of translation difference of associates and joint ventures

1,819

(7,371)

– Reserves released on disposal of subsidiaries and a joint venture

121

246

– Translation of foreign entities

27,817

(39,045)

40,002

(51,096)

Other reserves are non-distributable.

253

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

253

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

E9 

Other reserves (continued)

Type of reserve

Nature

Foreign currency 

translation reserve

Comprises foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the 

financial statements of foreign entities, effective portion of the hedging instrument 

which is used to hedge against the Group’s net investment in foreign currencies 

as well as from the translation of foreign currency loans used to hedge or form 

part of the Group’s net investments in foreign entities.

Statutory reserve

Statutory reserve comprise transfers from revenue reserve in accordance with 

the regulations of the foreign jurisdiction in which the Group’s subsidiaries and 

joint ventures operate, principally in the People’s Republic of China where the 

subsidiaries and joint ventures are required to make appropriation to a Statutory 

Reserve Fund and Enterprise Expansion Fund. The laws of the countries restrict 

the distribution and use of these statutory reserves.

Fair value reserve

Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative fair value changes of financial 

instruments at FVOCI and the effective portion of hedging instruments, until they 

are disposed or impaired.

Share-based 

payment reserve

Represents the cumulative value of services received for the issuance of the 

options and shares under the share plans of the Company issued to employees 

and non-executive directors.

Premium paid on 

acquisition of 

non-controlling

interests

Difference between the consideration paid on acquisition of non-controlling 

interests and the carrying value of the proportionate share of the net 

assets acquired.

E10 

Dividends

Company

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Final dividend paid in respect of the previous financial year of cents 

(2019: 10.0 cents) per share

312,147

312,164

Interim dividend paid in respect of the current financial year of cents 

(2019: 5.0 cents) per share

155,888

155,992

468,035

468,156

The Directors propose a final dividend of 10.0 cents (2019: 10.0 cents) per share amounting to $312.2 million 

(2019: $312.2 million) in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

These dividends have not been recognised as a liability as at year end as they are subject to the approval by 

shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company.

/  ST ENGINEERING

254 /  ST ENGINEERING

254


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F. 

GROUP STRUCTURE

This section explains significant aspects of ST Engineering’s group structure, including joint arrangements that 

the Group has interest in, its controlled entities and how changes have affected the Group structure. It also 

provides information on business acquisitions and disposals made during the financial year as well as information 

relating to ST Engineering’s related parties, the extent of related party transactions and the impact they had on 

the Group’s financial performance and position.

F1 

Subsidiaries 

F4 

Associates and joint ventures

F2 

Acquisition and disposal of controlling interests F5 

Related party information

 

in subsidiaries in 2020/2019 

F3 

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries

F1 

Subsidiaries

Details of the significant subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

Effective equity interest

held by the Group

Country of

incorporation

2020

%

2019

%

ST Engineering Aerospace Ltd. 

Singapore

100

100

Elbe Flugzeugwerke GmbH1

Germany

55

55

ST Engineering Aerospace Aircraft Maintenance Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering Aerospace Engines Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering Aerospace Services Company Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

80

80

ST Engineering Electronics Ltd.

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering Advanced Networks &amp; Sensors Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as ST Electronics (Info-Comm Systems) 

Pte. Ltd.)

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering Land Systems Ltd.

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering Marine Ltd.

Singapore

100

100

ST Engineering North America, Inc.2

U.S.

100

100

MRA Systems, LLC 

(also known as Middle River Aerostructure Systems, LLC)2

U.S.

100

100

ST Engineering RHQ Ltd.3

United Kingdom

100

100

ST Engineering iDirect (Europe) NV4

Belgium

100

100

ST Engineering Treasury Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

100

100

1 

Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (2019: member firms of KPMG International) for 

consolidation purposes.

2 

Not required to be audited under the law in the country of incorporation.

3 

Audited by Critchleys LLP.

4 

Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Antwerp (2019: Ernst &amp; Young LLP) for consolidation purposes.

All significant subsidiaries that are required to be audited under the law in the country of incorporation 

are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Singapore and overseas practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers, 

except as indicated above.

255

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

255

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F2 

Acquisition and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2020/2019

Acquisition of controlling interest in subsidiaries in 2019

(i) 

Acquisition of controlling interests in MRA Systems, LLC (MRAS)

On 18 April 2019, the Group acquired 100% of MRAS for a net cash consideration of $689 million. 

MRAS specialises in production of engine nacelle systems and thrust reversers, along with complex 

aerostructures for applications on commercial and military aircraft.

MRAS contributed revenue of $728,601,000 and net profit of $45,854,000 to the Group for the period 

from 18 April 2019 to 31 December 2019.

(ii) 

Acquisition of controlling interests in Glowlink Communications Technology, Inc (Glowlink)

On 17 September 2019, the Group acquired 100% of Glowlink for a net cash consideration of $26 

million. Glowlink provides innovative, affordable, and easy to use products aimed at improving the 

integrity of satellite communications, and mitigating interferences to enhance the quality of satellite 

signals received.

Glowlink contributed revenue of $3,706,000 and net loss of $825,000, after transaction costs, to the 

Group for the period from 17 September 2019 to 31 December 2019.

(iii) 

Acquisition of controlling interests in Newtec Group NV, subsequently renamed to ST Engineering 

iDirect (Europe) NV (iDirect Europe)

On 1 October 2019, the Group acquired 100% of iDirect Europe for a net cash consideration of 

$335 million. iDirect Europe specialises in designing, developing and manufacturing equipment and 

technologies for satellite communications.

iDirect Europe contributed revenue of $35,717,000 and incurred net loss of $5,045,000 to the Group, 

after transaction costs, for the period from 1 October 2019 to 31 December 2019.

Had the above businesses been consolidated from 1 January 2019, consolidated revenue and net profit for 

the year ended 31 December 2019 would have been $8,271,702,000 and $614,922,000 respectively.

/  ST ENGINEERING

256 /  ST ENGINEERING

256


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F2 

Acquisition and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2020/2019 (continued)

Acquisition of controlling interest in subsidiaries in 2019 (continued)

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed

The acquisitions had the following effect on the Group’s assets and liabilities on acquisition date:

Fair values

recognised on

acquisition

2019

$’000

Property, plant and equipment

148,094

Right-of-use assets

26,221

Intangible assets

565,503

Joint venture

851

Deferred tax assets

1,072

Contract assets

145,550

Inventories

181,022

Trade receivables

128,237

Advances and other receivables

10,045

Bank balances and other liquid funds

33,756

Contract liabilities 

(16,393)

Trade payables and accruals

(113,271)

Provisions

(32,827)

Provision for taxation

(3,810)

Borrowings

(54,076)

Post-employment benefits

(227,030)

Deferred tax liabilities

(20,085)

Total identifiable net assets

772,859

Goodwill arising on consolidation

311,018

Total purchase consideration

1,083,877

Cash outflow on acquisition:

Cash consideration paid

1,083,877

Less: cash acquired

(33,756)

Net cash outflow on acquisition

1,050,121

257

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

257

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F2 

Acquisition and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2020/2019 (continued)

Acquisition of controlling interest in subsidiaries in 2019 (continued)

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed (continued)

The goodwill recognised on the acquisitions of MRAS, Glowlink and iDirect Europe represent the synergies 

that the acquisition is expected to bring to the Group’s businesses and products. Management assessed that 

the goodwill is allocated to two CGUs within the Group, amounting to $311,018,000, based on the expected 

future economic benefits to be realised by these entities through the combination of their businesses. 

$37,998,000 of goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

The Group incurred acquisition-related cost of $16,475,000 on legal fees and due diligence cost, of which 

$5,340,000 have been included in administrative expenses in the prior year. $11,135,000 of acquisition-

related costs have been included in administrative expenses in 2018. 

De-consolidation of controlling interests in a subsidiary in 2020

During the year, the Group completed the liquidation of Silvatech Global Systems Limited as part of an effort 

to streamline its organisation structure. The subsidiary was dormant prior to disposal. 

De-consolidation and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2019

In the prior year, the Group dissolved VT Dimensions, Inc., VT Systems International, LLC, VT Systems 

Participacoes Ltda. and completed the liquidation of Kinetics Link Services Sdn. Bhd. (collectively Dissolved 

Entities) as part of an effort to streamline its organisation structure.

In July 2019, the Group divested its 51% equity interest in GFM Electronics S.A. de C.V. (GFME) and in 

November 2019, the Group completed the divestment of Aviation Training Academy Australia Pty Ltd and ST 

Aerospace Academy (Australia) Pty Ltd (collectively ATAA). 

The disposed subsidiaries contributed loss before tax of $417,000 and no revenue for the period from 

1 January 2019 to the respective dates of disposal.

/  ST ENGINEERING

258 /  ST ENGINEERING

258


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F2 

Acquisition and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2020/2019 (continued)

De-consolidation and disposal of controlling interests in subsidiaries in 2019 (continued)

The financial effects arising from the de-consolidation and disposal of subsidiaries are as follows:

GFME

ATAA

Dissolved

Entities

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Property, plant and equipment

7

7,033

–

7,040

Right-of-use assets

–

937

–

937

Intangible assets

–

332

–

332

Trade receivables

354

57

–

411

Advances and other receivables

–

1,818

47

1,865

Bank balances and other liquid funds

–

227

–

227

Trade payables and accruals

(979)

(1,010)

(16)

(2,005)

Provision for taxation

–

(373)

–

(373)

Borrowings

–

(946)

–

(946)

Net assets disposed

(618)

8,075

31

7,488

Realisation of reserves

81

1,901

233

2,215

De-consolidation of non-controlling interest

304

–

–

304

Gain/(loss) on disposal

233

(894)

(264)

(925)

Sales consideration

–

9,082

–

9,082

Less: bank balances and other liquid funds in 

subsidiaries disposed

–

(227)

–

(227)

Net cash inflow on disposal

–

8,855

–

8,855

259

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

259

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F3 

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries

The following table summarises the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries with material 

non-controlling interests (NCI), based on their respective (consolidated) financial statements prepared 

in accordance with SFRS(I), modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences from 

the Group’s accounting policies. The summarised financial information is not adjusted for percentage 

ownership held by NCI.

Name of subsidiary

ST Engineering

Aerospace Services

Company Pte. Ltd.

Eco-Services, 

LLC

$’000

$’000

2020

NCI percentage

20%

49.9%

Principal place of business/Country of incorporation

Singapore

U.S.

Revenue

239,538

23,032

Profit/(loss) after taxation

47,243

3,850

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

606

(852)

Total comprehensive income

47,849

2,998

Attributable to NCI:

– Profit/(loss)

9,449

1,921

– Other comprehensive income/(loss)

121

(425)

– Total comprehensive income/(loss)

9,570

1,496

Non-current assets

93,570

16,893

Current assets

257,319

27,528

Non-current liabilities

(43,315)

(471)

Current liabilities

(97,402)

(3,457)

Net assets

210,172

40,493

Net assets attributable to NCI

42,034

20,206

Cash flows from operating activities

149,791

7,785

Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities

37,887

(279)

Cash flows used in financing activities*

(64,611)

(432)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

123,067

7,074

* 

including dividends to NCI

(16,760)

–

/  ST ENGINEERING

260 /  ST ENGINEERING

260


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

ST Aerospace

Technologies (Xiamen)

Company Ltd

Elbe

Flugzeuwerke

GmbH

Other individually

immaterial 

subsidiaries

Intra-group

elimination

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

20%

45%

China

Germany

121,727

375,095

5,387

(23,908)

3,104

30,243

8,491

6,335

1,077

(10,759)

2,735

(640)

3,783

621

13,608

(20)

(1)

13,904

1,698

2,849

2,715

(641)

17,687

51,544

692,816

72,577

260,683

–

(441,795)

(56,842)

(111,530)

67,279

400,174

13,456

180,078

26,574

(173)

282,175

20,550

43,569

(559)

(29,762)

(18,639)

(5,307)

1,352

8,500

–

–

261

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

261

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F3 

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries (continued)

Name of subsidiary

ST Engineering

Aerospace Services

Company 

Pte. Ltd.

Eco-Services, 

LLC

$’000

$’000

2019

NCI percentage

20%

49.9%

Principal place of business/Country of incorporation

Singapore

U.S.

Revenue

277,653

23,649

Profit after taxation

30,005

2,404

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

1,275

(2,287)

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

31,280

117

Attributable to NCI:

Profit/(loss)

6,001

1,200

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

255

(1,141)

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

6,256

59

Non-current assets

91,963

20,674

Current assets

245,333

18,966

Non-current liabilities

(48,041)

(769)

Current liabilities

(108,778)

(2,669)

Net assets

180,477

36,202

Net assets attributable to NCI

36,095

18,065

Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities

32,664

29,635

Cash flows used in investing activities

(3,061)

(20,457)

Cash flows from/(used in) financing activities*

6,893

(3,873)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

36,496

5,305

* 

including dividends to NCI

(10,600)

(1,112)

/  ST ENGINEERING

262 /  ST ENGINEERING

262


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

ST Aerospace

Technologies (Xiamen)

Company Ltd

Elbe

Flugzeuwerke

GmbH

Other individually

immaterial 

subsidiaries

Intra-group

elimination

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

20%

45%

China

Germany

230,232

526,125

8,019

16,312

(1,689)

(36,852)

6,330

(20,540)

1,604

7,340

(940)

(476)

14,729

(338)

(16,583)

446

1

(17,360)

1,266

(9,243)

(494)

(475)

(2,631)

50,399

659,691

132,892

262,879

(9,578)

(391,236)

(114,940)

(136,842)

58,773

394,492

11,755

177,521

24,423

863

268,722

(2,835)

37,981

(834)

(60,177)

(4,055)

16,268

(7,724)

(5,928)

–

–

263

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

263

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Unquoted shares, at fair value

20,858

23,328

Unquoted shares, at cost

357,705

355,878

Goodwill on acquisition

38

38

Share of net assets acquired 

357,743

355,916

Impairment in associates 

(8,000)

(4,000)

Share of post-acquisition reserves

98,311

78,175

448,054

430,091

468,912

453,419

Represented by:

Interest in associates

319,005

318,415

Interest in joint ventures

149,907

135,004

468,912

453,419

During the year, an impairment loss of $4,000,000 was recognised for an investment in associate and mainly 

relates to the shortfall between the carrying amount of the costs of investment and the recoverable amount 

of an investment in associate. The recoverable amount was determined based on the value-in-use method.

In the prior year,

(i) 

the Group sold its entire 22.8% interest in WizVision Pte. Ltd. for a cash consideration of $648,000 and 

a gain of disposal of $648,000 was recognised.

(ii) 

the Group sold its entire 49% interest in Takata CPI Singapore Pte Ltd for a cash consideration of 

$5,338,000 and a gain on disposal of $1,035,000 was recognised.

(iii) 

the Group received cash proceeds of $109,000 on the liquidation of Fortis Marine Solutions Pte. Ltd. 

and the carrying amount of $69,000 was de-recognised. Consequently, a gain on disposal of $40,000 

was recognised.

(iv) 

impairment loss of $4,000,000 mainly relates to the shortfall between the carrying amount of the costs 

of investment and the recoverable amount of an investment in associate. The recoverable amount was 

determined based on the value-in-use method.

/  ST ENGINEERING

264 /  ST ENGINEERING

264


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Details of significant associates and joint ventures are as follows:

Name

Principal activities

Country of

incorporation/

place of business

Effective equity interest 

held by the Group

2020

2019

%

%

Associates

Shanghai Technologies

Aerospace Company 

Limited1

Aircraft and component 

maintenance, repair, overhaul and 

other related maintenance business

People’s Republic 

of China

49

49

ST Aerospace 

(Guangzhou) Aviation 

Services Company 

Limited1

Aircraft and component 

maintenance, repair, overhaul and 

other related maintenance business

People’s Republic 

of China

44

44

Turbine Coating 

Services Pte Ltd1

Repair, refurbishment and 

upgrading of aircraft jet engine 

turbine blades and vanes

Singapore

24.5

24.5

Turbine Overhaul 

Services Pte Ltd1

Repair and service of gas and steam 

turbine components

Singapore

49

49

CityCab Pte Ltd1

Rental of taxis and the provision

of charge card facilities

Singapore

46.5

46.5

Experia Events

Pte. Ltd.2

Organising and management of 

conferences, exhibitions and other 

related activities, including the 

biennial Singapore Airshow event

Singapore

33

33

Joint ventures

Total Engine Asset 

Management Pte. Ltd.1

Leasing of engines

Singapore

50

50

Keystone Holdings 

(Global) Pte. Ltd.2

Investment holding

Singapore

50

50

SPTel Pte. Ltd. 

Running, operation, management 

and supply of telecommunications 

systems

Singapore

51

51

1 

Not audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Singapore (2019: KPMG LLP, Singapore and other member firms of KPMG International).

2 

Not audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Singapore (2019: audited by KPMG LLP, Singapore).

All significant associates and joint ventures that are required to be audited under the law in the country 

of incorporation are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Singapore and overseas practice of 

PricewaterhouseCoopers, except as indicated above. 

265

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

265

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Associates

The following table summarises the information of each of the Group’s material associates, which are 

equity-accounted, based on their respective financial statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I), 

modified for fair value adjustments on acquisitions and differences with the Group’s accounting policies. 

The summarised financial information is not adjusted for percentage ownership held by the Group.

Name of associate

Shanghai

Technologies

Aerospace

Company Limited

ST Aerospace

(Guangzhou) Aviation

Services

Company Limited

$’000

$’000

2020

Percentage of interest

49%

44%

Revenue

63,827

46,502

Profit/(loss) after taxation

3,761

(8,391)

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

6,267

5,461

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

10,028

(2,930)

Attributable to NCI

–

–

Attributable to investee’s shareholders

10,028

(2,930)

Non-current assets

80,491

113,547

Current assets

64,415

25,698

Non-current liabilities

–

(20,333)

Current liabilities

(18,400)

(12,688)

Net assets

126,506

106,224

Attributable to NCI

–

–

Attributable to investee’s shareholders

126,506

106,224

Group’s interest in net assets of investee 

at beginning of the year

60,377

48,027

Group’s share of:

– Profit/(loss) for the year

1,843

(3,692)

– Total other comprehensive income/(loss)

3,071

2,404

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

4,914

(1,288)

Group’s contribution during the year

–

–

Dividends received during the year

(3,303)

–

Impairment of an associate during the year

–

–

Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the year

61,988

46,739

/  ST ENGINEERING

266 /  ST ENGINEERING

266


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Turbine Coating

Services Pte Ltd

Turbine Overhaul 

Services Pte Ltd

CityCab

Pte Ltd

Experia Events

 Pte. Ltd.

Immaterial

associates

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

24.5%

49%

46.5%

33%

20,030

240,797

67,099

48,123

8,286

21,096

(7,110)

14,241

(1,335)

(2,880)

–

–

6,951

18,216

(7,110)

14,241

–

–

320

–

6,951

18,216

(7,430)

14,241

22,747

34,105

112,981

47,064

38,485

179,414

73,045

35,442

(2,096)

–

(27,438)

(4,373)

–

(89,485)

(19,415)

(11,045)

59,136

124,034

139,173

67,088

–

–

895

–

59,136

124,034

138,278

67,088

12,785

51,850

74,164

17,441

53,771

318,415

2,030

10,337

(3,306)

4,700

(366)

11,546

(327)

(1,410)

–

–

(4,659)

(921)

1,703

8,927

(3,306)

4,700

(5,025)

10,625

–

–

–

–

4,868

4,868

–

–

(6,557)

–

(1,043)

(10,903)

–

–

–

–

(4,000)

(4,000)

14,488

60,777

64,301

22,141

48,571

319,005

267

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

267

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Associates (continued)

Name of associate

Shanghai

Technologies

Aerospace

Company Limited

ST Aerospace

(Guangzhou) Aviation

Services

Company Limited

$’000

$’000

2019

Percentage of interest

49%

44%

Revenue

90,581

70,700

Profit/(loss) after taxation

7,643

7,336

Other comprehensive loss

(4,746)

(3,043)

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

2,897

4,293

Attributable to NCI

–

–

Attributable to investee’s shareholders

2,897

4,293

Non-current assets

79,281

110,790

Current assets

65,348

32,379

Non-current liabilities

–

(15,059)

Current liabilities

(21,410)

(18,958)

Net assets

123,219

109,152

Attributable to NCI

–

–

Attributable to investee’s shareholders

123,219

109,152

Group’s interest in net assets of investee 

at beginning of the year

68,577

46,138

Group’s share of:

– Profit/(loss) for the year

3,745

3,228

– Total other comprehensive loss

(2,326)

(1,339)

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

1,419

1,889

Group’s contribution during the year

–

–

Dividends received during the year

(9,619)

–

Impairment of an associate during the year

–

–

Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the year

60,377

48,027

/  ST ENGINEERING

268 /  ST ENGINEERING

268


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

Turbine Coating

Services Pte Ltd

Turbine Overhaul 

Services Pte Ltd

CityCab

Pte Ltd

Experia Events 

Pte. Ltd.

Immaterial

associates

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

24.5%

49%

46.5%

33%

40,329

339,928

115,748

9,088

12,527

41,108

14,332

(10,010)

(722)

(1,326)

–

–

11,805

39,782

14,332

(10,010)

–

–

176

–

11,805

39,782

14,156

(10,010)

29,096

35,908

148,668

49,522

32,207

188,426

69,067

49,150

(1,534)

–

(23,555)

(4,104)

(7,584)

(118,517)

(33,300)

(41,718)

52,185

105,817

160,880

52,850

–

–

1,392

–

52,185

105,817

159,488

52,850

13,910

52,442

74,649

24,044

48,200

327,960

3,069

20,143

6,583

(3,303)

(594)

32,871

(177)

(650)

–

–

(1,748)

(6,240)

2,892

19,493

6,583

(3,303)

(2,342)

26,631

–

–

–

–

13,813

13,813

(4,017)

(20,085)

(7,068)

(3,300)

(1,900)

(45,989)

–

–

–

–

(4,000)

(4,000)

12,785

51,850

74,164

17,441

53,771

318,415

269

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

269

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Joint ventures

The following table summarises the information of each of the Group’s material joint ventures, adjusted for 

any differences with the Group’s accounting policies and reconciles the carrying amount of the Group’s 

interest in joint ventures and the share of profit and other comprehensive income of equity-accounted 

investment (net of tax). The summarised financial information is not adjusted for the percentage ownership 

held by the Group.

Name of joint venture

Keystone 

Holdings

(Global)

Pte. Ltd.

Total

Engine 

Asset

Management

Pte. Ltd.

SPTel 

Pte. Ltd.

Immaterial 

joint 

ventures 

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2020

Percentage of interest

50%

50%

51%

Revenue

26,520

103,257

23,738

Profit/(loss) after taxationa

3,924

42,660

(13,134)

Other comprehensive loss 

(3,440)

(400)

–

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

484

42,260

(13,134)

a Includes:

– Depreciation and amortisation of:

14,282

16,049

8,571

– Interest expense of:

5,435

12,965

636

– Income tax expense of: 

975

3,224

(1,537)

Non-current assets

204,150

266,273

91,955

Current assetsb

26,796

58,615

27,872

Non-current liabilitiesc

(95,316)

(161,733)

(13,173)

Current liabilitiesd

(62,879)

(42,226)

(37,767)

Net assets excluding goodwill

72,751

120,929

68,887

b Includes cash and cash equivalents of:

21,610

36,977

17,732

c Includes non-current financial liabilities 

(excluding trade and other payables 

and provisions) of: 

95,316

161,733

13,173

d Includes current financial liabilities 

(excluding trade and other payables 

and provisions) of: 

62,065

42,226

7,253

Group’s interest in net assets of investee 

at beginning of the year

36,821

40,117

44,617

13,449

135,004

Share of total comprehensive income/(loss)

242

21,130

(6,741)

2,642

17,273

Dividends received during the year

(687)

(783)

–

(900)

(2,370)

Carrying amount of interest in investee 

at end of the year

36,376

60,464

37,876

15,191

149,907

/  ST ENGINEERING

270 /  ST ENGINEERING

270


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Joint ventures (continued)

Name of joint venture

Keystone 

Holdings

(Global)

Pte. Ltd.

Total

Engine 

Asset

Management

 Pte. Ltd.

SPTel 

Pte. Ltd.

Immaterial 

joint 

ventures 

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

2019

Percentage of interest

50%

50%

51%

Revenue

22,900

49,563

27,789

Profit/(loss) after taxationa

4,042

9,446

(3,769)

Other comprehensive loss

(1,852)

(10,662)

–

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

2,190

(1,216)

(3,769)

a Includes:

– Depreciation and amortisation of:

11,324

19,059

6,515

– Interest expense of:

4,358

14,595

722

– Income tax expense of: 

386

2,096

(1,557)

Non-current assets

222,099

593,133

67,589

Current assetsb

19,761

34,562

67,610

Non-current liabilitiesc

(76,776)

(433,556)

(20,952)

Current liabilitiesd

(91,442)

(113,905)

(32,235)

Net assets excluding goodwill

73,642

80,234

82,012

b Includes cash and cash equivalents of:

15,308

16,699

56,387

c Includes non-current financial liabilities 

(excluding trade and other payables 

and provisions) of: 

76,776

433,556

20,952

d Includes current financial liabilities 

(excluding trade and other payables 

and provisions) of: 

90,867

113,905

7,527

Group’s interest in net assets of investee 

at beginning of the year

26,000

40,725

46,539

14,479

127,743

Share of total comprehensive income/(loss)

1,095

(608)

(1,922)

962

(473)

Group’s contribution during the year

10,476

–

–

2,597

13,073

Acquisition of subsidiary

–

–

–

851

851

Disposal of joint ventures

–

–

–

(4,340)

(4,340)

Dividends received during the year

(750)

–

–

(1,100)

(1,850)

Carrying amount of interest in investee 

at end of the year

36,821

40,117

44,617

13,449

135,004

271

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

271

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Basis of consolidation

(i) 

Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method in accordance with SFRS(I) 3 

Business Combinations as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is transferred to 

the Group.

Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. For the 

measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, refer to Note C3.

The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing 

relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.

Costs related to the acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, 

that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. If the 

contingent consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for 

within equity. Otherwise, any subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration 

are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-controlling interests (NCI) that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a 

proportionate share of the acquiree’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured either at fair 

value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net 

assets, at the acquisition date. The measurement basis taken is elected on a transaction-by-transaction 

basis. All other NCI are measured at acquisition-date fair value, unless another measurement basis is 

required by SFRS(I)s.

Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted 

for as transactions with owners in their capacity as owners and therefore no adjustment is made 

to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Adjustments to NCI arising from 

transactions that do not involve the loss of control are based on a proportionate amount of the net 

assets of the subsidiary.

/  ST ENGINEERING

272 /  ST ENGINEERING

272


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Basis of consolidation (continued)

(ii) 

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed 

to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect 

those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included 

in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that 

control ceases.

Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances. 

Losses applicable to the non-controlling interests in a subsidiary are allocated to the non-controlling 

interests even if doing so causes the non-controlling interests to have a deficit balance.

In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost 

less accumulated impairment losses.

(iii) 

Acquisitions of entities under amalgamation

The Company’s interests in ST Engineering Aerospace Ltd., ST Engineering Electronics Ltd., 

ST Engineering Land Systems Ltd., and ST Engineering Marine Ltd. (collectively referred to as the 

Scheme Companies) resulted from the amalgamation of the Scheme Companies pursuant to a 

scheme of arrangement under Section 210 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 in 1997.

As the amalgamation of the Scheme Companies constitutes a uniting of interests, the pooling of 

interests method has been adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in 

connection with the amalgamation.

Under the pooling of interests method, the combined assets, liabilities and reserves of the pooled 

enterprises are recorded at their existing carrying amounts at the date of amalgamation. The excess 

or deficiency of amount recorded as share capital issued (plus any additional consideration in the 

form of cash or other assets) over the amount recorded for the share capital acquired is recorded as 

capital reserve.

(iv) 

Loss of control

Upon the loss of control, the Group derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any 

non-controlling interests and the other components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus 

or deficit arising on the loss of control is recognised in profit or loss. If the Group retains any interest 

in the previous subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair value at the date that control is lost. 

Subsequently, it is accounted for as an equity-accounted investee or as a financial asset at FVOCI, 

depending on the level of influence retained.

273

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

273

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Basis of consolidation (continued)

(v) 

Investments in associates and joint ventures 

Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint 

control, over the financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when 

the Group holds between 20% or more of the voting power of another entity. A joint venture is an 

arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of 

the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. 

Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for by the Group using the equity method 

(except for those acquired by the Group’s Corporate Venture Capital Unit) and are recognised initially 

at cost, which includes transaction costs.

The consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other 

comprehensive income (OCI) from the date that significant influence or joint control commences 

until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases.

When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying 

amount of the investment, including any long-term interest, is reduced to zero, and the recognition 

of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation to fund the 

investee’s operations or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

For investments in associates acquired by the Group’s Corporate Venture Capital Unit, the Group 

has elected to measure its investments in associates at FVTPL in accordance with SFRS(I) 9 

Financial Instruments.

In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in associates and joint ventures are 

accounted for at cost, less accumulated impairment losses. 

(vi) 

Transactions eliminated on consolidation

All significant inter-company balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

/  ST ENGINEERING

274 /  ST ENGINEERING

274


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F4 

Associates and joint ventures (continued)

Recognition and measurement

Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate and/or joint venture is not 

recognised separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of 

the investment in an associate and/or joint venture is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is 

objective evidence that the investment in an associate and/or joint venture may be impaired.

Estimates and judgements: Judgements made in applying accounting policies

Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect 

on the amounts recognised in the financial statements relates to assessing whether the Group has control 

over its investee companies.

During the year, the Group assessed the terms and conditions of the shareholders’ agreement of subsidiaries 

that are not wholly-owned by the Group. The Group made critical judgements over:

(a) 

its ability to exercise power over its investees;

(b) 

its exposure or rights to variable returns for its investments with those investees; and

(c) 

its ability to use its power to affect those returns.

The Group’s judgement included considerations of its power exercised at the board of the respective 

investees and rights and obligations arising from matters reserved for the board as agreed with the other 

shareholders.

275

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

275

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

F5 

Related party information

Key management personnel compensation

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Short-term employee benefits

36,599

37,330

Contributions to defined contribution plans 

688

761

Share-based payments

12,106

10,620

49,393

48,711

In addition to related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group has 

significant transactions with the following related parties on terms agreed between the parties.

Group

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Associates of the Group

Sales and services rendered

8,074

4,749

Purchases and services received

(22,398)

(53,142)

Dividend income

10,903

45,989

Joint ventures of the Group

Sales and services rendered

41,481

25,705

Purchases and services received

(22,300)

(29,552)

Dividend income

2,370

1,850

Other related parties*

Sales and services rendered

45,066

41,045

Purchases and services received

(19,378)

(31,672)

Rental expense

(4,633)

(5,641)

Rental income

538

40

* 

Other related parties refer to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the immediate holding company.

/  ST ENGINEERING

276 /  ST ENGINEERING

276


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

G. 

OTHERS

G1 

Events occurring after balance sheet date 

G3 

Impact of COVID-19 

G2 

Comparatives 

G4 

New or revised accounting standards

 

 

 

and interpretations

G1 

Events occurring after balance sheet date

On 17 November 2020, the Group announced organisational changes that will position the Group for its 

next phase of growth and propel it towards its aspiration to become a global technology, defence and 

engineering powerhouse.

Effective 1 January 2021, the Group has reorganised as Commercial and Defence &amp; Public Security clusters, 

replacing the sector-structure of Aerospace, Electronics, Land Systems and Marine.

G2 

Comparatives

The following prior year comparatives have been reclassified to conform to changes in the presentation on 

the current year. The reclassifications have been made to better reflect the nature of the balances.

Group

Reclassified

Previously

reported

$’000

$’000

Presented in Consolidated Income Statement

Cost of sales

(6,222,888)

(6,232,814)

Gross profit

1,645,388

1,635,462

Distribution and selling expenses

(263,583)

(263,990)

Administrative expenses

(579,917)

(583,600)

Profit from operations

673,079

653,989

Other operating expenses

(128,809)

(133,883)

Other income

25,303

44,393

Other income, net

19,807

38,897

Presented in Consolidated Balance Sheet

Current assets

Advances and other receivables

339,709

345,744

Derivative financial instruments

6,035

–

Current liabilities 

Trade payables and accruals

1,985,521

2,012,897

Derivative financial instruments

27,376

–

277

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

277

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

G2 

Comparatives (continued)

Group

Reclassified

Previously

reported

$’000

$’000

Presented in Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Other receivables, deposits and prepayments

(55,260)

(54,041)

Loans to staff and third parties

–

(1,219)

Presented in the Notes to Financial Statements

Note B4: 

Other income, net

Government grants

–

13,180

Grant income from Wage Credit Scheme

–

5,910

Other expense

Fair value changes of investment in associates

(1,978)

–

Note E2:

Finance costs, net

Fair value changes of investment in associates

–

(1,978)

Note C7: 

Derivative financial instruments

–

6,035

Receivable:

Within 1 year

339,709

345,744

Note C9: 

Derivative financial instruments

–

27,376

Payable:

Within 1 year

1,985,521

2,012,897

G3 

Impact of COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected countries around the world, resulting in recessions 

in many economies. Businesses have been impacted by demand reduction, supply chain challenges and 

workforce disruptions. The Group, with its global presence is not spared, with the effect more pronounced in 

the Group’s Aerospace sector. Set out below is the impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s financial performance 

reflected in this set of financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020:

(i) 

The Group has assessed that the going concern basis of preparation for this set of financial statements 

remains appropriate.

(ii) 

In 2020, reduction in customer demand, supply chain challenges, and workforce disruption have 

negatively impacted business volume and operations, resulting in a negative impact on the Group’s 

financial performance for 2020.

/  ST ENGINEERING

278 /  ST ENGINEERING

278


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

G3 

Impact of COVID-19 (continued)

(iii) 

The Group has received financial support packages provided by governments in locations where the 

Group’s locally incorporated businesses operate. The effects of the government support received are 

disclosed in Note D2.

(iv) 

The Group has considered the market conditions and outlook including the impact of COVID-19 as 

at the balance sheet date, in making estimates and judgements on the recoverability of assets and 

provisions for onerous contracts as at 31 December 2020.

As the global COVID-19 situation remains very fluid as at the date these financial statements were authorised 

for issuance, future developments in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic and their impact on the operating 

and financial performance of the Group cannot be reasonably ascertained at the present moment.

G4 

New or revised accounting standards and interpretations 

Interpretations and amendments to published standards effective in 2020

On 1 January 2020, the Group has adopted the new or amended SFRS(I)s and Interpretations of SFRS(I)s 

(“INT SFRS(I)s”) that are mandatory for application for the financial year. Changes to the Group’s accounting 

policies have been made as required, in accordance with the transitional provisions in the respective SFRS(I)

s and INT SFRS(I)s.

The adoption of these new or amended SFRS(I)s and INT SFRS(I)s did not result in substantial changes to 

the Group’s accounting policies and had no material effect on the amounts reported for the current or prior 

financial years, except as follows.

Amendments to SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments, SFRS(I) 1-39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and 

Measurement and SFRS(I) 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (effective 

for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020)

In accordance with the transition provisions, the Group has adopted the amendments to SFRS(I) 9 and 

SFRS(I) 7 effective 1 January 2020 retrospectively to hedging relationships that existed at the start of the 

reporting period or were designated thereafter, and to the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge 

reserve at that date.

The amendments provide temporary relief from applying specific hedge accounting requirements to hedging 

relationships directly affected by inter-bank offered rate (IBOR) reform. The reliefs have the effect that IBOR 

reform should not generally cause hedge accounting to terminate. However, any hedge ineffectiveness 

continues to be recorded in the income statement. The reliefs will cease to apply when the uncertainties 

arising from interest rate benchmark reform are no longer present.

C14 provides information about the uncertainty arising from IBOR reform for hedging relationships for which 

the Group has applied the reliefs. No changes were required to any of the amounts recognised in the current 

or prior period as a result of these amendments.

279

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

279

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

G4 

New or revised accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

Interpretations and amendments to published standards effective from 2021

Below are the mandatory standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards that have been 

published, and are relevant for the Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 and 

which the Group has not early adopted.

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or 

Non-current (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023)

The narrow-scope amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 Presentation of Financial Statements clarify that liabilities 

are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting 

period. Classification is unaffected by the expectations of the entity or events after the reporting date (e.g. 

the receipt of a waver or a breach of covenant). The amendments also clarify what SFRS(I) 1-1 means when 

it refers to the ‘settlement’ of a liability.

The amendments could affect the classification of liabilities, particularly for entities that previously considered 

management’s intentions to determine classification and for some liabilities that can be converted into equity.

The Group does not expect any significant impact arising from applying these amendments.

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use (effective for 

annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022)

The amendment to SFRS(I) 1-16 Property, Plant and Equipment (PP&amp;E) prohibits an entity from deducting 

from the cost of an item of PP&amp;E any proceeds received from selling items produced while the entity is 

preparing the asset for its intended use. It also clarifies that an entity is ‘testing whether the asset is functioning 

properly’ when it assesses the technical and physical performance of the asset. The financial performance of 

the asset is not relevant to this assessment.

Entities must disclose separately the amounts of proceeds and costs relating to items produced that are not 

an output of the entity’s ordinary activities.

The Group does not expect any significant impact arising from applying these amendments.

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: Onerous Contracts – 

Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022)

An onerous contract is a contract in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the 

contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it. The unavoidable costs under a 

contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the costs of fulfilling it 

and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it. The amendment to SFRS(I) 1-37 clarifies 

that the direct costs of fulfilling a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling the contract and an 

allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling contracts. 

The Group does not expect any significant impact arising from applying these amendments.

/  ST ENGINEERING

280 /  ST ENGINEERING

280


Note

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

2

2,137

28,688

Right-of-use assets

3,558

5,511

Subsidiaries

3

1,363,251

1,327,608

Associates 

4

17,657

17,657

Deferred tax assets

2,500

–

1,389,103

1,379,464

Current assets

Amounts due from related parties

5

70,030

58,732

Advances and other receivables

1,653

4,566

Bank balances and other liquid funds

6

7,372

16,271

79,055

79,569

Total assets

1,468,158

1,459,033

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Other payables and accruals

7

21,542

18,817

Amounts due to related parties

5

16,868

4,836

Provision for taxation

3,267

876

Lease liabilities

2,014

118

43,691

24,647

Net current assets

35,364

54,922

Non-current liabilities

Other payables and accruals

7

7,390

6,334

Amounts due to related parties

5

–

1,003

Deferred tax liabilities

–

2,268

Lease liabilities

1,504

5,434

8,894

15,039

Total liabilities

52,585

39,686

Net assets

1,415,573

1,419,347

Share capital and reserves

Share capital

8

895,926

895,926

Treasury shares

8

(23,743)

(26,731)

Capital reserves

8

(8,940)

(3,412)

Other reserves

8

64,054

68,952

Retained earnings

488,276

484,612

1,415,573

1,419,347

Total equity and liabilities

1,468,158

1,459,033

BALANCE SHEET

OF THE COMPANY

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

281

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

281

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /


NOTES TO THE

BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

1. 

Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies

The Balance Sheet of the Company is prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 

(International) (SFRS(I)). The Balance Sheet of the Company has been prepared on the historical cost 

convention, except as otherwise described in the accounting policies below.

The Balance Sheet of the Company are presented in Singapore dollars (SGD) which is the Company’s 

functional currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand ($’000) unless otherwise indicated.

Accounting policies, estimates and critical accounting judgements applied to the preparation of the Balance 

Sheet of the Company is consistent with the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

The Balance Sheet and the notes to the Balance Sheet of the Company as at 31 December 2020 were 

authorised and approved by the Board of Directors for issuance on 18 February 2021.

2. 

Property, plant and equipment

Buildings and

improvements

Furniture, fittings,

office equipment

and others

Construction-in-

progress

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2020

2,847

34,713

2,651

40,211

Additions

–

7,123

–

7,123

Disposals

(2,841)

(39,712)

(1,460)

(44,013)

At 31 December 2020

6

2,124

1,191

3,321

Accumulated depreciation

At 1 January 2020

1,576

9,947

–

11,523

Depreciation charge

190

3,634

–

3,824

Disposals

(1,763)

(12,400)

–

(14,163)

At 31 December 2020

3

1,181

–

1,184

Net book value

At 31 December 2020

3

943

1,191

2,137

/  ST ENGINEERING

282 /  ST ENGINEERING

282


NOTES TO THE

BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

2. 

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Buildings and

improvements

Furniture, fittings,

office equipment

and others

Construction-in-

progress

Total

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Cost

At 1 January 2019

2,841

22,020

622

25,483

Additions

6

12,910

2,029

14,945

Disposals

–

(217)

–

(217)

At 31 December 2019

2,847

34,713

2,651

40,211

Accumulated depreciation

At 1 January 2019

1,293

6,061

–

7,354

Depreciation charge

283

3,931

–

4,214

Disposals

–

(45)

–

(45)

At 31 December 2019

1,576

9,947

–

11,523

Net book value

At 31 December 2019

1,271

24,766

2,651

28,688

3. 

Subsidiaries

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Equity investments at cost

At beginning of the year

1,327,608

1,328,153

Additions

35,643

–

Disposals

–

(545)

At end of the year

1,363,251

1,327,608

4. 

Associates

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Equity investments at cost

Beginning and end of the year

17,657

17,657

283

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

283

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


NOTES TO THE

BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

5. 

Amounts due from/to related parties

Amounts due from/to related parties were non-trade related, unsecured, interest-free and repayable 

on demand.

6. 

Bank balances and other liquid funds

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Amount placed with a subsidiary

7,372

16,271

7. 

Other payables and accruals

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Other payables

6,913

8,890

Accrued operating expenses

22,019

16,261

28,932

25,151

Payable:

Within 1 year

21,542

18,817

After 1 year

7,390

6,334

28,932

25,151

The Company has issued corporate guarantees to banks for borrowings of its related parties explained and 

disclosed in C14. These guarantees are financial guarantees as they require the Company to reimburse the 

banks if the related parties fails to make principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the 

terms of their borrowings.

8. 

Share capital, treasury shares, capital reserves and other reserves

• 

Share capital and treasury shares have been explained and disclosed in E6 and E7.

• 

Capital reserve is relating to realised gain or loss on re-issuance of treasury shares under share-based 

payment arrangements as explained and disclosed in E8.

• 

Other reserve is relating to share-based payment reserve as explained and disclosed in E9.

/  ST ENGINEERING

284 /  ST ENGINEERING

284


NOTES TO THE

BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

9. 

Financial risk management

• 

Interest rate risk: No interest rate risk exposure was disclosed as the Company had assessed 

that a reasonable change in the interest rates would not result in any significant impact on the 

Company’s results.

• 

Foreign exchange risk: No foreign exchange sensitivity analysis was disclosed as the Company had 

assessed that a reasonable change in exchange rates would not result in any significant impact on the 

Company’s results.

• 

Liquidity risk: It is not expected that the cash flows associated with the liabilities of the Company 

could occur at significantly different amounts.

• 

Credit risk: The Company limits its exposure to credit risk on amounts due from related parties which 

are mostly short-term in nature and bank balances and other liquid funds placed with reputable 

financial institutions.

Management actively monitors the credit ratings of its debtors and does not expect any counterparty 

to fail to meet its obligations.

Derivatives are entered into with financial institutions which have long-term rating of at least A3 by 

Moody’s, A- by Standard &amp; Poor’s or the equivalent by a reputable credit rating agency.

Cash and bank deposits are placed with reputable financial institutions. 

As at 31 December 2020, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. 

• 

Financial instruments by category: The carrying amount of the different categories of financial 

instruments are as follows: 

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Financial assets, at amortised cost

79,055

79,569

Financial liabilities, at amortised cost

(49,318)

(36,542)

285

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

285

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Revenue

2,715,700

3,455,022

Cost of sales

(2,231,140)

(2,850,633)

Gross profit

484,560

604,389

Distribution and selling expenses

(41,010)

(72,020)

Administrative expenses

(160,617)

(151,129)

Other operating expenses

(86,028)

(66,903)

Profit from operations

196,905

314,337

Other income*

6,721

13,965

Other expenses

(2,737)

(7,439)

Other income, net

3,984

6,526

Finance income

6,348

14,018

Finance costs

(39,261)

(40,336)

Finance costs, net

(32,913)

(26,318)

Share of results of associates and joint ventures, net of tax

34,501

38,227

Profit before taxation

202,477

332,772

Taxation

(8,351)

(48,914)

Profit after taxation

194,126

283,858

Attributable to:

Shareholder of the Company

192,898

268,896

Non-controlling interests

1,228

14,962

194,126

283,858

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating expenses in 

conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

AEROSPACE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

INCOME STATEMENT

/  ST ENGINEERING

286


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

1,047,725

1,087,980

Right-of-use assets

262,895

244,797

Associates and joint ventures

284,446

253,884

Intangible assets

937,228

966,906

Advances and other receivables

54,417

9,085

Deferred tax assets

71,794

78,786

Derivative financial instruments

16,086

1,053

Employee benefits

319

–

2,674,910

2,642,491

Current assets

Contract assets

314,511

410,907

Inventories 

532,802

526,098

Trade receivables

346,134

546,056

Amount due from related parties

27,112

103,832

Advances and other receivables

110,356

105,764

Derivative financial instruments

17,219

2,784

Bank balances and other liquid funds

646,794

331,674

1,994,928

2,027,115

Total assets

4,669,838

4,669,606

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Contract liabilities

292,701

272,523

Deposits from customers

3,710

5,232

Trade payables and accruals

550,373

775,840

Amount due to related parties

719,796

762,059

Provisions

94,977

57,941

Provision for taxation

63,898

115,113

Borrowings 

56,791

45,532

Deferred income

49,533

2,249

Employee benefits

7,996

11,265

1,839,775

2,047,754

Net current assets/(liabilities)

155,153

(20,639)

Non-current liabilities

Contract liabilities

86,522

84,324

Trade payables and accruals

4,604

26,041

Provision

8,696

2,254

Deferred tax liabilities

154,354

136,698

Borrowings

325,673

263,569

Employee benefits

457,932

377,202

Derivative financial instruments

200

3,807

Amount due to related parties

866,345

839,367

1,904,326

1,733,262

Total liabilities

3,744,101

3,781,016

Net assets

925,737

888,590

Share capital and reserves

668,781

642,553

Non-controlling interests

256,956

246,037

925,737

888,590

Total equity and liabilities

4,669,838

4,669,606

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

AEROSPACE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

BALANCE SHEET

287

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Net cash from operating activities

649,671

345,312

Net cash used in investing activities

(103,682)

(865,741)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

8,338

13,482

Dividends from associates and joint ventures

5,773

36,371

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(91,866)

(175,132)

Investment in joint ventures and an associate

–

 (13,073)

Acquisition of a subsidiary

–

(688,905)

Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries

–

8,855

Additions to other intangible assets

(25,927)

(47,339)

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities

(451,168)

740,450

Capital contribution from non-controlling interests 

13,260

375

Return of capital to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary

–

(8,652)

Proceeds from bank loans

18,149

32,198

Proceeds from other loans

19,565

–

Repayment of bank loans

(37,850)

(47,069)

Proceeds from lease liabilities

2,936

–

Repayment of lease liabilities

(27,999)

(64,601)

Proceeds from related party loans 

–

1,283,629

Repayment of related party loans 

(194,606)

(163,501)

Dividends paid to shareholder 

(193,000)

(231,000)

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

(17,319)

(12,247)

Interest paid

(34,304)

(48,682)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

94,821

220,021

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

227,552

10,185

Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

(454)

(2,654)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

321,919

227,552

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

AEROSPACE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

/  ST ENGINEERING

288


2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Income Statement

Revenue

2,715,700

3,455,022

2,654,119

2,546,913

2,492,857

Profit

Profit from operations*

196,905

314,337

277,457

277,636

250,780

PBT

202,477

332,772

319,995

318,465

300,318

Net Profit

192,898

268,896

244,627

244,840

234,385

Balance Sheet

Property, plant and equipment and  

right-of-use assets

1,310,620

1,332,777

930,228

848,949

833,628

Intangible and other assets

1,354,204

1,407,245

845,352

800,038

730,305

Inventories

532,802

526,098

410,712

368,621

475,477

Trade receivables, contract assets and 

advance and other receivables

825,418

1,071,812

873,215

740,288

702,743

Bank balances and other liquid funds 

646,794

331,674

294,210

322,896

272,683

Current liabilities

1,839,775

2,047,754

1,746,476

1,462,317

1,339,342

Non-current liabilities

1,904,326

1,733,262

648,205

658,740

691,214

Share capital

368,512

368,512

368,512

368,512

368,512

Capital and other reserves

1,057

(66,870)

(14,683)

(4,576)

(9,517)

Retained earnings

299,212

340,911

335,789

332,389

381,810

Non-controlling interests

256,956

246,037

269,418

263,410

243,475

Financial Indicators

Earnings per share (cents)

41.17 

57.39

52.21

52.26

50.03

Net assets value per share (cents)

142.75

137.15

147.19

148.62

158.12

Return on sales (%)

7.1 

8.2

10.0

10.5

10.1

Return on equity (%)

25.2 

36.4

31.2

30.9

28.1

Return on capital employed (%)

7.1 

9.7

13.6

13.3

13.7

Productivity Data

Average staff strength (numbers)

8,870

8,581

8,182

8,192

7,600

Revenue per employee ($)

306,167

402,636

324,385

310,902

328,008

Net profit per employee ($)

21,747

31,336

29,898

29,888

30,840

Employment costs* 

674,040

910,155

758,423

751,194

742,539

Employment costs per $ of revenue ($)

 0.25 

0.26

0.29

0.29

0.30

Economic Value Added 

105,799

122,026

150,859

141,259

154,055

Economic Value Added spread (%)

3.0 

4.0

7.6

7.2

7.9

Economic Value Added per employee ($)

11,928

14,220

18,438

17,244

20,270

Value added 

1,159,910

1,545,979

1,209,185

1,190,984

1,178,284

Value added per employee ($)

130,768

180,163

147,786

145,384

155,037

Value added per $ of employment costs ($)

1.72

1.70

1.59

1.59

1.59

Value added per $ of gross property, 

plant and equipment ($)

0.56

0.76

0.66

0.70

0.72

Value added per $ of revenue ($)

0.43

0.45

0.46

0.47

0.47

Figures for FY2016 were prepared in accordance with the previous FRS and were not restated on adoption of SFRS(I) in FY2018. The Group 

adopted SFRS(I) 16 effective on 1 January 2019 and applied the modified retrospective approach with no restatement of comparative information.

*  Government grants in the prior years were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

AEROSPACE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

289

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

P633U

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   289

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   289

18/3/21   9:57 AM

18/3/21   9:57 AM


SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

ELECTRONICS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

INCOME STATEMENT

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Revenue

2,319,222

2,364,646

Cost of sales

(1,651,306)

(1,722,367)

Gross profit

667,916

642,279

Distribution and selling expenses

(114,817)

(117,347)

Administrative expenses

(234,329)

(220,198)

Other operating expenses

(74,018)

(80,795)

Profit from operations

244,752

223,939

Other income*

10,618

11,353

Other expenses

(762)

(25)

Other income, net

9,856

11,328

Finance income

1,913

4,695

Finance costs

(20,576)

(22,234)

Finance costs, net

(18,663)

(17,539)

Share of results of associate and joint ventures, net of tax

(6,587)

(1,445)

Profit before taxation

229,358

216,283

Taxation

(23,832)

(32,984)

Profit after taxation

205,526

183,299

Attributable to:

Shareholder of the Company

203,887

183,323

Non-controlling interests

1,639

(24)

205,526

183,299

With effect from 1 January 2020, Miltope Corporation was re-organised from Others into Electronics sector and 

comparatives were restated in conformance with current year classification.

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating expenses in 

conformance with current year classification.

/  ST ENGINEERING

290


SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

ELECTRONICS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

BALANCE SHEET

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

267,508

281,302

Right-of-use assets

120,291

111,064

Associate and joint ventures

67,871

73,639

Investments

9,255

9,437

Intangible assets

778,268

768,833

Long-term trade receivable

1,524

1,668

Deferred tax assets

36,395

20,203

Advances and other receivables

1,348

–

Derivative financial instruments

581

206

1,283,041

1,266,352

Current assets

Contract assets

737,001

776,779

Inventories 

109,372

139,367

Trade receivables

347,855

414,572

Amounts due from related parties

31,765

29,184

Advances and other receivables

87,422

106,143

Derivative financial instruments

1,361

1,818

Bank balances and other liquid funds

477,861

488,931

1,792,637

1,956,794

Total assets

3,075,678

3,223,146

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Contract liabilities

463,395

492,213

Deposits from customers

2,252

86

Trade payables and accruals

474,041

527,496

Amounts due to related parties

286,957

490,128

Provisions

75,103

61,388

Provision for taxation

52,206

42,394

Borrowings

22,295

20,631

Deferred income

9,433

154

Derivative financial instruments

616

1,356

1,386,298

1,635,846

Net current assets

406,339

320,948

Non-current liabilities

Contract liabilities

139,079

155,064

Deposits from customers

215

184

Trade payables and accruals

5,510

18,344

Provisions

6,065

3.259

Deferred tax liabilities

27,091

31,427

Borrowings

104,805

97,534

Employee benefits

4,616

2,859

Derivative financial instruments

247

145

Amounts due to related parties

795,759

778,429

1,083,387

1,087,245

Total liabilities

2,469,685

2,723,091

Net assets

605,993

500,055

Share capital and reserves

593,377

489,124

Non-controlling interests

12,616

10,931

605,993

500,055

Total equity and liabilities

3,075,678

3,223,146

291

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Net cash from operating activities

362,625

132,400

Net cash used in investing activities

(90,801)

(476,793)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

35

109

Proceeds from sale of an investment

42

–

Proceeds from disposal of an associate

–

648

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(35,438)

(60,851)

Investments in a joint venture

–

(13,813)

Acquisition of controlling interests in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired

–

(361,217)

Additions to other intangible assets

(55,440)

(41,669)

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities

(129,815)

358,043

Repayment of bank loans

(2,175)

(28,865)

Repayment of related parties loans

(22,582)

(4,676)

Repayment of loans by a related party

–

30,076

Repayment of loans to a joint venture 

–

(4,000)

Proceeds from bank loans

2,175

–

Proceeds from related parties loans

23,480

424,330

Loans to a related party

(404)

(31,120)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(20,828)

(14,453)

Proceeds from finance lease receivables

223

–

Dividends paid to shareholder 

(100,000)

–

Interest paid

(9,694)

(13,494)

Deposits (pledged)/discharged

(10)

245

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

142,009

13,650

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

79,126

64,117

Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

1,527

1,359

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

222,662

79,126

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

ELECTRONICS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

/  ST ENGINEERING

292


2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Income Statement

Revenue 

2,319,222

2,364,646

2,210,533

2,124,159

1,983,330

Profit

Profit from operations*

244,752

223,939

214,608

200,104

185,704

PBT

229,358

216,283

211,869

197,200

186,955

Net Profit

203,887

183,323

176,874

163,022

162,660

Balance Sheet

Property, plant and equipment and  

right-of-use assets

387,799

392,366

250,872

239,531

219,429

Intangible and other assets

925,496

903,320

521,265

496,569

480,169

Inventories

109,372

139,367

123,081

109,379

630,930

Trade receivables, contract assets and 

advances and other receivables

1,175,150

1,299,162

1,127,540

907,289

597,395

Bank balances and other liquid funds 

477,861

488,931

314,615

301,827

242,081

Current liabilities

1,386,298

1,635,846

1,456,436

1,219,300

1,298,937

Non-current liabilities

1,083,387

1,087,245

557,670

542,730

582,844

Share capital

52,522

52,522

52,522

52,522

52,522

Capital and other reserves

(25,999)

(26,709)

(16,429)

(23,742)

9,147

Retained earnings

566,854

463,311

280,398

257,762

219,944

Non-controlling interests

12,616

10,931

6,776

6,023

6,610

Financial Indicators

Earnings per share (cents)

194.10

174.52

168.38

155.19

154.85

Net assets value per share (cents)

564.88

465.63

301.29

272.78

268.09

Return on sales (%)

8.9

7.8

8.0

7.7

8.2

Return on equity (%)

25.7

26.6

34.3

33.5

33.8

Return on capital employed (%)

10.8

17.1

23.2

20.0

20.5

Productivity Data

Average staff strength (numbers)

7,032

6,797

6,484

6,700

6,707

Revenue per employee ($)

329,810

347,896

340,921

317,039

295,710

Net profit per employee ($)

28,994

26,971

27,279

24,332

24,252

Employment costs*

658,757

692,234

615,373

644,303

629,213

Employment costs per $ of revenue 

0.28

0.29

0.28

0.30

0.32

Economic Value Added 

108,474

140,839

155,155

131,504

122,507

Economic Value Added Spread (%)

6.1

11.2

17.0

13.9

14.4

Economic Value Added per employee ($)

15,426

20,721

23,929

19,627

18,266

Value added 

1,014,381

1,028,424

905,292

909,559

902,463

Value added per employee ($)

144,252

151,306

139,619

135,755

134,555

Value added per $ of employment costs 

1.54

1.49

1.47

1.41

1.43

Value added per $ of gross property, 

plant and equipment

1.42

1.58

1.54

1.68

1.82

Value added per $ of revenue 

0.44

0.43

0.41

0.43

0.46

Figures for FY2016 were prepared in accordance with the previous FRS and were not restated on adoption of SFRS(I) in FY2018. The Group 

adopted SFRS(I) 16 effective on 1 January 2019 and applied the modified retrospective approach with no restatement of comparative information.

*  Government grants in the prior years were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

ELECTRONICS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

293

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

P633U

gineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   293

gineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   293

18/3/21   10:00 AM

18/3/21   10:00 AM


SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

LAND SYSTEMS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

INCOME STATEMENT

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Revenue

1,440,638

1,457,644

Cost of sales

(1,150,742)

(1,177,170)

Gross profit

289,896

280,474

Distribution and selling expenses

49,974

58,566

Administrative expenses

83,107

96,915

Other operating expenses

33,112

35,191

Profit from operations

123,703

89,802

Other income*

3,114

5,731

Other expenses

(4,089)

(4,422)

Other expenses/income, net

(975)

1,309

Finance income

2,144

1,807

Finance costs

(9,166)

(9,937)

Finance costs, net

(7,022)

(8,130)

Share of results of associates and joint ventures, net of tax

(2,699)

5,579

Profit before taxation

113,007

88,560

Taxation

(10,711)

(11,459)

Profit after taxation

102,296

77,101

Attributable to:

Shareholder of the Company

101,380

77,310

Non-controlling interests

916

(209)

102,296

77,101

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating expenses in 

conformance with current year classification.

/  ST ENGINEERING

294


SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

LAND SYSTEMS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

BALANCE SHEET

2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

215,164

224,102

Right-of-use assets

127,516

100,646

Associates and joint ventures

69,351

82,276

Intangible assets

230,574

244,396

Deferred tax assets

16,557

17,181

Amounts due from related parties

4,997

5,094

Derivative financial instruments

4,084

12,300

668,243

685,995

Current assets

Contract assets

15,166

10,994

Inventories

577,763

611,576

Trade receivables

280,105

222,799

Amounts due from related parties

27,909

28,751

Advances and other receivables

73,962

88,847

Derivative financial instruments

3,122

1,757

Bank balances and other liquid funds

455,037

153,508

1,433,064

1,118,232

Total assets

2,101,307

1,804,227

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Contract liabilities

244,681

195,202

Trade payables and accruals

266,337

284,839

Amounts due to related parties

32,936

191,700

Provisions

70,688

72,060

Provision for taxation

25,769

24,205

Borrowings

14,769

10,905

Derivative financial instruments

3,832

8,370

659,012

787,281

Net current assets

774,052

330,951

Non-current liabilities

Contract liabilities

580,085

202,177

Amounts due to related parties

321,560

313,598

Provisions 

11,063

7,607

Deferred tax liabilities

43,512

41,723

Borrowings

112,129

87,877

Deferred income

30

36

Derivative financial instruments

5,959

17,063

1,074,338

670,081

Total liabilities

1,733,350

1,457,362

Net assets

367,957

346,865

Share capital and reserves

355,795

335,564

Non-controlling interests

12,162

11,301

367,957

346,865

Total equity and liabilities

2,101,307

1,804,227

295

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Net cash from operating activities

574,210

75,372

Cash flows used in investing activities

(22,988)

(28,156)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

120

121

Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture

–

5,338

Dividends from associates

6,600

7,068

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(24,243)

(29,144)

Additions to other intangible assets

(5,465)

(11,539)

Cash flows used in financing activities

(249,035)

(36,530)

Interest paid

(6,706)

(9,459)

Repayment of leases liabilities

(12,345)

(8,768)

Repayment of related party loans

(167,648)

(48,810)

Proceeds from related party loans

22,664

147,083

Dividends paid to related parties

(85,000)

(116,576)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

302,187

10,686

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

153,508

143,079

Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

(658)

(257)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

455,037

153,508

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

LAND SYSTEMS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

/  ST ENGINEERING

296


2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Income Statement

Revenue

1,440,638

1,457,644

1,302,809

1,262,659

1,405,316

Profit

Profit from operations*

123,703

89,802

67,806

74,806

11,868

PBT

113,007

88,560

62,261

85,039

38,758

Net Profit

101,380

77,310

52,860

87,420

25,461

Balance Sheet

Property, plant and equipment and 

right-of-use assets 

342,680

324,748

235,445

296,739

298,689

Intangible and other assets

356,594

391,755

390,756

399,148

370,929

Inventories 

577,763

611,576

605,464

521,923

547,476

Trade receivables, contract assets and 

advances and other receivables

369,233

322,640

343,882

285,862

328,146

Bank balances and other liquid funds

455,037

153,508

143,079

135,700

173,782

Current liabilities

659,012

787,281

807,427

595,097

836,529

Non-current liabilities

1,074,338

670,081

532,333

720,265

635,037

Share capital

194,445

194,445

194,445

194,445

194,445

Capital and other reserves

(3,046)

(6,897)

69

(2,537)

5,911

Retained earnings

164,396

148,016

172,770

120,667

35,769

Non-controlling interests

12,162

11,301

11,582

11,435

11,331

Financial Indicators

Earnings per share (cents)

19.27

14.70

10.05

16.62

4.84

Net assets value per share (cents)

67.65

63.80

69.83

59.43

44.89

Return on sales (%)

7.1

5.3

4.1

7.0

1.2

Return on equity (%)

16.8

13.3

9.0

16.5

6.0

Return on capital employed (%)

13.5

8.1

6.2

9.4

3.3

Productivity Data

Average staff strength (numbers)

4,466

4,647

4,754

4,899

5,801

Revenue per employee ($)

322,579

313,674

274,045

257,738

242,254

Net profit per employee ($)

22,700

16,637

11,119

17,844

4,389

Employment costs*

315,880

388,745

361,354

361,723

365,111

Employment costs per $ of revenue ($)

0.22

0.27

0.28

0.29

0.26

Economic Value Added 

77,811

21,987

1,337

24,347

(39,512)

Economic Value Added spread (%)

8.7

2.2

0.1

3.3

(6.0)

Economic Value Added per employee ($)

17,423

4,731

281

4,970

(6,811)

Value added 

504,534

543,295

473,196

489,184

512,960

Value added per employee ($)

112,972

116,913

99,536

99,854

88,426

Value added per $ of employment costs ($)

1.60

1.40

1.31

1.35

1.40

Value added per $ of gross property, 

plant and equipment ($)

0.73

0.81

0.72

0.67

0.72

Value added per $ of revenue ($)

0.35

0.37

0.36

0.39

0.37

Figures for FY2016 were prepared in accordance with the previous FRS and were not restated on adoption of SFRS(I) in FY2018. The Group 

adopted SFRS(I) 16 effective on 1 January 2019 and applied the modified retrospective approach with no restatement of comparative information.

*  Government grants in the prior years were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

LAND SYSTEMS

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

297

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

P633U

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   297

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   297

18/3/21   10:01 AM

18/3/21   10:01 AM


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Revenue

710,718

647,151

Cost of sales

641,870

540,205

Gross profit

68,848

106,946

Distribution and selling expenses

(10,398)

(9,735)

Administrative expenses

(35,082)

(31,853)

Other operating expenses

(9,002)

(8,966)

Profit from operations

14,366

56,392

Other income*

3,984

6,506

Other expenses

(30)

(83)

Other income, net

3,954

6,423

Finance income

3,072

3,782

Finance costs

(5,039)

(5,693)

Finance costs, net

(1,967)

(1,911)

Share of results of associate and joint ventures, net of tax

474

(75)

Profit before taxation

16,827

60,829

Taxation

11,467

(9,287)

Profit after taxation

28,294

51,542

* 

Government grants in the prior year were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in cost of sales and operating expenses in 

conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

MARINE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

INCOME STATEMENT

/  ST ENGINEERING

298


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

182,761

178,403

Right-of-use assets

17,631

22,975

Associate and joint ventures

4,244

2,850

Intangible assets

68

80

Advances and other receivables

1,731

1,820

Deferred tax assets

92,774

68,880

Amounts due from related parties

8,547

4,806

Derivative financial instruments

33

1,296

307,789

281,110

Current assets

Contract assets

103,641

56,060

Inventories

46,045

32,631

Trade receivables

61,890

62,186

Amounts due from related parties

15,639

16,947

Advances and other receivables

20,391

37,290

Bank balances and other liquid funds

306,871

321,922

554,477

527,036

Total assets

862,266

808,146

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Contract liabilities

155,348

109,604

Deposits from customers

4,789

3,833

Trade payables and accruals

303,766

327,967

Amounts due to related parties

256,610

192,716

Provisions

64,673

42,044

Provision for taxation

23,767

34,169

Borrowings

3,789

4,372

812,742

714,705

Net current liabilities

(258,265)

(187,669)

Non-current liabilities

Trade payables and accruals

1,653

7,080

Provisions

3,977

3,874

Borrowings

12,368

16,373

Deferred income

50,069

34,273

Amounts due to related parties

26,343

26,343

Derivative financial instruments

953

511

95,363

88,454

Total liabilities

908,105

803,159

Net (liabilities)/assets

(45,839)

4,987

Share capital and reserves

(45,839)

4,987

Total equity and liabilities

862,266

808,146

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

MARINE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

BALANCE SHEET

299

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


2020

2019

$’000

$’000

Net cash from operating activities

41,504

23,367

Net cash (used in)/from investing activities

(34,474)

97,057

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment

256

104,250

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(29,548)

(8,402)

Dividends from joint ventures

900

1,100

Investment in an associate 

(6,082)

–

Disposal of joint ventures

–

109

Disposal of other intangible assets

–

–

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities

(21,922)

37,828

Repayment of related party loans

(19,707)

–

Repayment of bank loans

–

–

Proceeds from related party loans

91,814

54,085

Loans to related parties

515

–

Repayment of loans by related parties

–

89,000

Dividends paid to shareholder

(85,000)

(95,000)

Interest paid 

(5,029)

(5,000)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(4,515)

(5,257)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents

(14,892)

158,252

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

321,922

164,006

Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

(159)

(336)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

306,871

321,922

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

MARINE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

/  ST ENGINEERING

300


2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

$’000

Income Statement

Revenue

710,718

647,151

574,354

637,531

841,160

Profit

Profit from operations*

14,366

56,392

46,698

17,342

67,222

PBT

16,827

60,829

50,260

22,408

75,121

Net Profit

28,294

51,542

45,201

27,049

67,757

Balance Sheet

Property, plant and equipment and  

right-of-use assets

200,392

201,378

303,001

319,653

315,031

Intangible and other assets

122,395

95,228

167,477

192,731

190,348

Inventories 

46,045

32,631

43,412

81,004

239,936

Trade receivables, contract assets and 

advances and other receivables

186,563

156,987

126,281

224,658

148,699

Bank balances and other liquid funds 

306,871

321,922

164,006

84,751

81,860

Current liabilities

812,742

714,705

665,309

683,368

715,617

Non-current liabilities

95,363

88,454

96,287

100,581

93,856

Share capital

50,856

50,856

50,856

50,856

50,856

Capital and other reserves

13,872

7,992

10,977

12,445

9,863

Retained earnings

(110,567)

(53,861)

(19,252)

55,547

105,656

Non-controlling interests

–

–

–

–

26

Financial Indicators

Earnings per share (cents)

14.47

26.35

23.11

13.83

34.65

Net assets value per share (cents)

(23.44)

2.55

21.77

60.77

85.07

Return on sales (%)

4.0

8.0

7.9

4.2

8.1

Return on equity (%)

(145.1)

164.5

52.6

16.7

35.2

Return on capital employed (%)

3.1

16.8

12.5

7.5

25.3

Productivity Data

Average staff strength (numbers)

1,558

1,371

1,368

1,522

1,690

Revenue per employee ($)

456,173

472,028

419,849

418,877

497,728

Net profit per employee ($)

18,160

37,594

33,042

17,772

40,093

Employment costs*

151,232

146,975

121,504

138,343

152,957

Employment costs per $ of revenue ($)

0.21

0.23

0.21

0.22

0.18

Economic Value Added

(2,901)

22,066

18,161

5,200

51,113

Economic Value Added spread (%)

(1.4)

11.2

6.8

1.8

19.7

Economic Value Added per employee ($)

(1,862)

16,095

13,276

3,417

30,244

Value added

205,324

247,160

210,717

208,752

264,414

Value added per employee ($)

131,787

180,277

154,033

137,156

156,458

Value added per $ of employment costs ($)

1.36

1.68

1.73

1.51

1.73

Value added per $ of gross property, 

plant and equipment ($)

0.34

0.43

0.28

0.28

0.37

Value added per $ of revenue ($)

0.29

0.38

0.37

0.33

0.31

Figures for FY2016 were prepared in accordance with the previous FRS and were not restated on adoption of SFRS(I) in FY2018. The Group 

adopted SFRS(I) 16 effective on 1 January 2019 and applied the modified retrospective approach with no restatement of comparative information.

*  Government grants in the prior years were reclassified from other income to underlying expenses in conformance with current year classification.

SECTORAL FINANCIAL REVIEW –

MARINE

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS)

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

301

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT

P633U

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   301

ngineering AR_2020 - Financials_R1.indd   301

18/3/21   10:04 AM

18/3/21   10:04 AM


SHAREHOLDING

STATISTICS

AS AT 2 MARCH 2021

SHARE CAPITAL

Paid-Up Capital (including treasury shares) 

: 

S$895,925,583.505

Number of issued ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) 

: 

3,115,053,351

Number of ordinary shares held in treasury 

: 

7,441,846

Number of subsidiary holdings held 

: 

Nil

Percentage of the aggregate number of treasury shares and

subsidiary holdings held against the total number of issued shares 

: 

0.24%

Class of Shares 

: 

Ordinary Shares 

 

 

One Special Share held by the Minister

 

 

for Finance

Voting Rights 

: 

One vote per share

SHAREHOLDING HELD IN HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on the information available to the Company as at 2 March 2021, approximately 48.06% of the issued ordinary 

shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company are held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the SGX-ST 

Listing Manual is complied with.

ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS 

Range of Shareholdings

No. of Shareholders

%

No. of Shares

(excluding

treasury shares)

%

1 – 99

 986

2.58

 24,029

0.00

100 – 1,000

 6,498

16.98

 5,046,748

0.16

1,001 – 10,000

24,477 

63.95

107,955,403

3.47

10,001 – 1 ,000,000

6,280

16.41

240,030,516

7.70

1,000,001 and above

31 

0.08

 2,761,996,655

88.67

38,272

100.00

3,115,053,351

100.00

Substantial Shareholder 

Direct Interest

No. of Shares

Deemed Interest

No. of Shares

Total Interest

No. of Shares

 %*

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited

1,554,764,574

50,747,425(1)

1,605,511,999

51.54(2)

Notes:

* 

The percentage of issued ordinary shares is calculated based on the number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at 2 March 2021, 

excluding any ordinary shares held in treasury as at that date.

(1) 

Includes deemed interests held through subsidiaries and associated companies. 

(2) 

The percentage figure is rounded down to the nearest 0.01%.

/  ST ENGINEERING

302


SHAREHOLDING

STATISTICS

AS AT 2 MARCH 2021

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS LIST – TOP 20

No.

Name

No. of Shares Held

%*

1

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited

 1,554,764,574

 49.91

2

Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 

 426,541,958

 13.69

3

DBS Nominees (Private) Limited 

 309,099,636

 9.92

4

DBSN Services Pte. Ltd.

 234,186,526

 7.52

5

HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd 

 78,697,992

 2.53

6

Raffles Nominees (Pte.) Limited

 40,637,392

 1.30

7

Vestal Investments Pte. Ltd.

28,501,000

0.91

8

BPSS Nominees Singapore (Pte.) Ltd.

20,750,105

0.67

9

United Overseas Bank Nominees (Private) Limited

 11,976,127

 0.39

10

OCBC Nominees Singapore Private Limited 

 8,047,377

 0.26

11

Philip Securities Pte Ltd

7,144,030

0.23

12

Tan Pheng Hock

 4,082,283

 0.13

13

DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd

3,584,642

0.12

14

UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd

3,108,094

0.10

15

OCBC Securities Private Limited

3,037,191

0.10

16

DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd

 2,862,378

 0.09

17

Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd

2,309,700

0.07

18

Vincent Chong Sy Feng

2,296,793

0.07

19

Heng Siew Eng

2,112,000

0.07

20

Shanwood Development Pte Ltd

2,077,000

0.07

 2,745,816,798

88.15

* 

The percentage of issued ordinary shares is calculated based on the number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at 2 March 2021, 

excluding any ordinary shares held in treasury as at that date.

303

ANNUAL REPORT 2020  /

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL REPORT


INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The Group has obtained a general mandate from shareholders of the Company for interested person transactions 

in the Annual General Meeting held on 15 May 2020. During the financial year, the following interested person 

transactions were entered into by the Group:

Name of

interested person

Nature of

relationship 

Aggregate value of 

all interested person 

transactions during the 

financial year under review 

(excluding transactions 

less than $100,000 and 

transactions conducted 

under shareholders' mandate 

pursuant to Rule 920) 

Aggregate value of 

all interested person 

transactions conducted 

under shareholders' 

mandate pursuant to Rule 

920 (excluding transactions 

less than $100,000) 

2020

2019

2020

2019

$'000

$'000

$'000

$'000

Transactions for the Sale of Goods and Services

CapitaLand Limited and its Associates

Temasek Holdings

(Private) Limited is

a controlling

shareholder of

the Company.

The other named

interested persons

are its associates.

–

–

 691 

–

CapitaLand Commercial Trust

–

–

 125 

–

SATS Ltd. and its Associates

–

–

 51,860 

 12,425 

SembCorp Industries Ltd and its Associates

–

–

 151 

–

Singapore Airlines Limited 

and its Associates

–

–

–

 3,356 

SIA Engineering Company Limited 

and its Associates

–

–

 102 

–

Singapore Telecommunications Limited 

and its Associates

–

–

 2,637 

 828 

StarHub Ltd and its Associates

–

–

 2,125 

 612 

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited  

and its Associates (non-listed)

–

–

 45,741 

 88,523 

–

–

 103,432 

 105,744 

Transactions for the Purchase of Goods and Services

CapitaLand Limited and its Associates

Temasek Holdings

(Private) Limited is

a controlling

shareholder of 

the Company.

The other named

interested persons

are its associates.

–

–

 143 

–

Mapletree Industrial Trust 

–

–

 356 

 403 

Mapletree Logistics Trust 

–

–

–

 11,851 

SATS Ltd. and its Associates

–

–

 3,841 

 3,211 

SembCorp Industries Ltd and its Associates

–

–

 2,264 

 17,546 

Singapore Telecommunications Limited 

and its Associates

–

–

 1,038 

 2,557 

StarHub Ltd and its Associates

–

–

 1,575 

 205 

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited 

and its Associates (non-listed)

–

–

 55,826 

 17,397 

–

–

 65,043 

 53,170 

Total Interested Person Transactions

–

–

 168,475 

 158,914 

Save for the interested person transactions disclosed above, there were no other material contracts entered into 

by the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interests of its Group President and CEO, directors or controlling 

shareholder, which were either still subsisting at the end of the financial year or, if not then subsisting, entered into 

since the end of the previous financial year. 

SGX LISTING RULES

REQUIREMENT

31 DECEMBER 2020

(CURRENCY – SINGAPORE DOLLARS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)

/  ST ENGINEERING

304




This annual report has been certified by the Forest Stewardship Council™ as an 

example of environmentally responsible forestry print production. From the forest, 

to the paper mill and printer, each step of this annual report’s production is certifi 

ed according to FSC™ standards.


ST Engineering Hub

1 Ang Mo Kio Electronics Park Road,

#07-01, Singapore 567710

Tel : (65) 6722 1818

www.stengg.com

(Regn. No. 199706274H)

