






















Singtel Group

Sustainability Report

2020






About this Report and Contents

This is the sixth Group Sustainability Report by Singapore 

Telecommunications Limited (Singtel). It covers the sustainability 

performance of our operations in Singapore, where Singtel is 

headquartered, and Optus, our wholly-owned subsidiary in Australia, for 

the financial year 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 (FY2020). 

This Sustainability Report (SR2020) covers the company’s strategies, 

initiatives and performance in relation to Environmental, Social and 

Governance (ESG) issues. All data, statistics and improvement targets 

are in relation to the Group’s operations in Singapore and Australia 

unless stated otherwise. Group-level figures are in Singapore dollars, 

using the exchange rate of A$1 to S$0.9351. No restatements were 

made from the previous report. There were no significant changes to the 

organisation and our supply chain during the reporting cycle.

This report captures the highlights and achievements of FY2020 and 

should be read together with Singtel Sustainability and Sustainability 

Report 2020 webpages, which contain our corporate sustainability 

information and additional annexes like GRI Index and EY assurance 

statement. Optus also produces a separate Sustainability Report.



GRI STANDARDS

FEEDBACK

EXTERNAL ASSURANCE

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: 

Core option. It also complies with SGX Listing Rule 711 (A) and (B).

We are fully committed to listening to our stakeholders and we 

welcome feedback on this report and any aspect of our sustainability 

performance. Please address all feedback to Vice President, Group 

Sustainability, at sustainability@singtel.com. 

We have engaged Ernst &amp; Young to independently 

assure a selection of our key ESG disclosures. The 

assurance statement can be read here.

Overview

About this Report and Contents

Key Highlights FY2020 

1

01

Message from Chairman and Group CEO

2

02

Sustainability at Singtel

4

2020 Targets

6

UN Sustainable Development Goals

8

Singtel Group’s COVID-19 Response

10

Environment

03

Environment

12

Climate Change and Carbon

16

Product Stewardship 

17

Environmental Performance Indicators 

19

Social

04

People

20

Diversity and Inclusion

22

Human Capital Development

24

People Performance Indicators

26

05

Community

28

Inclusion of Vulnerable Groups

29

Digital Citizenship and Online Safety

33

Governance

06

Marketplace and Customers

36

Customer Experience

36

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices

40


Environment

Marketplace and Customers

Won Singapore’s highest environmental accolade, the 

President’s Award for the Environment 2019

Total capital investment of S$2 billion in Singapore and 

Australia

Achieved an A- score in CDP 2019, highest scoring 

telecommunications company in Hong Kong and  

Southeast Asia region

Completed the construction of the 4,600-kilometre INDIGO 

West and INDIGO Central submarine cable systems linking 

Southeast Asia to Perth and Sydney in Australia and the US 

Signed our first solar Power Purchase Agreement in Singapore 

5G rollout in Australia and industry collaboration to deploy 

targeted 5G use cases in Singapore

Estimated carbon emissions avoidance of 3,498 tCO2e/year 

during the year and achieved improvement in electricity 

intensity of 105 kWh/TB from 125 kWh/TB last year

Singtel Group Future Makers 2019 held in Singapore with 

our associates to support ten regional start-ups to scale their 

impact with technology innovation 

APCO Award for our Optus sustainable packaging 

achievements and efforts in the telecommunications sector  

for the third consecutive year

Launched UNBOXED, Singapore’s first next generation 

unmanned retail pop-up store with solar panels to 

complement our retail footprint 

Only Southeast Asian company among a pioneer group of 28 

global companies in July 2019 that committed to keeping global 

temperature increase within 1.5°C and net zero emissions by 2050

Named the most well-governed and transparent company 

in Singapore for the fifth consecutive year in the Singapore 

Governance and Transparency Index 2019 and ranked as 

Australia’s strongest brand in Brand Finance’s Top 100 list 

Community

Supported DQ Institute’s inaugural Child Online Safety 

Index (COSI), the world’s first real-time analytic platform for 

children’s online safety. Our Digital Citizenship programme 

helped about 114,000 students to be digitally safe and 

responsible online

More than 100 staff volunteers from the Singtel Group of 

companies and vendor partners participated in Better Together, 

our overseas volunteering programme in Australia, India, the 

Philippines and Thailand 

Scaled Donate Your Data in Australia to help disadvantaged  

young people bridge the digital divide

Supported 1,000 vulnerable seniors under CareLine 24-hour 

telephone befriending service with free mobile phone services 

to promote digital inclusion and well-being

Community investment of S$22.34 million and 28,226 staff 

volunteering hours clocked in Singapore and Australia

People

Pledged S$45 million to boost the digital skills of our  

workforce over the next three years

Launched #CURIOUS, our Group-wide digital learning 

platform featuring 100,000 curated courses and videos 

covering topics from technology to leadership

Training investment of S$21.9 million in Singapore and 

Australia, of which 42% was in future skills

Included in the 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index and 

Refinitiv Global Diversity &amp; Inclusion Index 2019 and named 

as one of the top ten employers for Gender Diversity at The 

Leonie Awards 2019 

Recognised by the Health Promotion Board with the 2019 

Singapore HEALTH Award (Excellence) for our workplace  

health and wellness programmes 

Attained the SkillsFuture Employer Award 2019 for our 

commitment to lifelong learning and investment in  

employee training

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

1

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

Key Highlights FY2020






These are extraordinary times for us at Singtel, 

as much as they have been for everyone else. 

The extensive global impact of the COVID-19 

outbreak follows on the heels of an already 

challenging 2019 that was marked by trade 

tensions and climate events such as the 

devastating bushfires in Australia. A large part 

of this report was completed as we spent 

unprecedented weeks working from home 

amid heightened social distancing measures.

During this challenging period, the Singtel 

Group has kept a steadfast focus on ensuring 

people and businesses stay connected. Many  

expect COVID-19 to accelerate digital 

transformation and permanent changes in 

the way we live and work, long after it ends. 

We believe the rollout of 5G globally will 

contribute further to this transition. Together 

with technologies such as the Internet of 

Things and AI, 5G will create new benefits and 

opportunities for businesses, society and our 

industry.

A flagship UN report in March 2020 on the 

17 Sustainable Development Goals, or SDGs 

in short, sounded an alarm that the Asia-

Pacific region is not on track to achieve any 

of them by 2030, and is struggling the most 

with advancing responsible consumption and 

production, and climate action. These findings 

underscore the urgency of the situation and 

the need to accelerate progress even as the 

world deals with the upheaval caused by 

COVID-19. At Singtel, many of our corporate 

sustainability goals are aligned with the SDGs. 

With just a decade to go, closer collaboration 

is more crucial than ever and we are working 

on partnerships both locally and globally in 

support of these SDGs.

In this sixth Singtel Group Sustainability 

Report 2020, we report our achievements 

against our five-year targets on various 

material topics identified through our last 

materiality review and formal stakeholder 

engagement in 2016. We highlight below 

some of our achievements and next steps.

LEAVING THE SMALLEST 

ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT

2019 marked the end of the hottest decade 

ever recorded. With the effects of climate 

change more dire than ever, urgent collective 

action is needed from all of us.

The Singtel Group has been working closely 

with the industry on climate action. We 

played a key role in supporting GSMA’s first 

science-based, sector-specific decarbonisation 

pathway to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 

across the telecommunications sector. In 

addition, we are committed to reducing our 

own environmental footprint in Singapore 

and Australia. In July 2019, we were the only 

Southeast Asian company in a pioneering 

group of 28 global companies to commit to 

keeping global temperature increase within 

1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and achieve 

net zero emissions by 2050. 

SIMON ISRAEL

Chairman

CHUA SOCK KOONG

Group CEO

2

Message from Chairman 

and Group CEO

01






SIMON ISRAEL 

Chairman

CHUA SOCK KOONG 

Group CEO

For our environmental sustainability efforts, 

we were awarded Singapore’s highest 

environmental accolade, the President’s  

Award for the Environment 2019.

Accelerating our shift towards renewable 

energy, we signed our first solar Power 

Purchase Agreement (PPA) in Singapore for  

the installation of a solar power system on 

one of our data centre rooftops in March 

2020. This new 1.65 MWp installation 

generates more clean energy than our  

existing solar power projects combined.

2019 was also a year where bushfires raged 

in Australia on an unprecedented scale. To 

help the small and medium sized businesses 

in regional Australia re-establish connectivity 

and get back on their feet, we introduced 

Green Shoots, a programme comprising  

2,000 grants of financial assistance to 

business customers in extreme financial 

hardship, bill waivers and extended  

payment windows. 

A DIVERSE, FUTURE-READY 

WORKPLACE TO DO GREAT WORK

Singtel continues to focus on equipping 

our people with the relevant skills to be 

future-ready. This is even more critical with 

technology advancement, rapid digitisation 

and job role changes. We have taken proactive 

steps to help them reskill and take on 

new, enhanced roles through professional 

conversion programmes, investing close to 

S$22 million in staff training across the  

Group during the year. Last September, we 

also announced an investment of S$45 million  

over three years to deepen the digital 

capabilities of our staff in Singapore that will 

support our strategic business priorities. 

We take an equally proactive approach 

to diversity, which we believe is essential 

to staying relevant to our customers and 

stakeholders. Across Singapore and Australia, 

we formally launched our Gender Diversity 

Councils with the objective of enabling 

our female leaders, especially those new 

to their roles, to gain the necessary skills, 

networks and experiences required for career 

advancement.

ENABLING THE MOST CONNECTED 

COMMUNITIES

While we develop our employees, we also 

recognise our role in driving positive and 

sustainable change in the communities 

where we operate. As a technology company 

at the forefront of communications, we also 

have a key role to play in promoting online 

safety and digital inclusion among  

the vulnerable. 

In Singapore, we continue to support DQ 

Institute whose #DQEveryChild initiative 

to help children use digital technology and 

media safely and responsibly has gained 

global traction. DQ Institute’s inaugural Child 

Online Safety Index found that globally, 

60% of eight to 12 year olds face cyber risks, 

including cyber bullying, reputational risks 

and risky content. The results show the need 

for urgent action to make the internet a safer 

place, which is where our cyber wellness 

efforts can play a part.

In December last year, we scaled our digital 

inclusion initiative, Donate Your Data, to 

bridge the digital divide for young Australians 

living in poverty. Customers can donate their 

mobile data, which is pooled and shared with 

young Australians supported by our charity 

partners. We are touched by the generosity 

of our customers who have since donated 

several million GB of data. This proved even 

more critical as Australian students had to 

study from home as schools were shut down 

due to COVID-19 measures.

We continue to drive social innovation 

through Singtel Group Future Makers, 

our regional accelerator programme that 

aims to help solve social challenges by 

empowering social entrepreneurs who use 

technology. Last year, ten selected start-

ups from the region had the opportunity 

to gain insights from our business experts, 

thought leaders and fellow participants. With 

a grant pool of S$120,000, we are pleased 

to have facilitated pilots with our business 

units and associates to help these start-ups 

commercialise their solutions and create 

greater community impact.

THE JOURNEY AHEAD  

Solving the world’s sustainability challenges 

requires the concerted and collective efforts 

of the Public-Private-People sectors. No 

individual or organisation can do it alone if 

we are to achieve scale and deliver a better 

and more sustainable future for all.

We intend to set our new five-year 

sustainability targets for 2021-2025 by 

the first half of FY2021, after assessing the 

results of our third materiality review and 

formal stakeholder engagement which we 

have embarked on. Insights from the review 

will be deliberated by the Singtel Board 

and Management Committee, and used in 

tandem with our sustainability strategy and 

programmes review. The high priority areas 

identified will also guide us in addressing the 

emerging trends, risks and opportunities that 

stakeholders are concerned with. 

We will continue to strive and advance 

our sustainability goals across the Group’s 

businesses. We look forward to an exciting 

decade to drive and deliver value to all our 

stakeholders with those 2030 goals in sight. 

On behalf of the Board and Management  

of Singtel, we thank you for your strong 

support and we look forward to your 

continued partnership. 

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

3

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT
























The Singtel Group is committed to creating sustainable and long-term business growth, while leading and 

shaping positive change for our marketplace and customers, the communities we operate in, our people 

and the environment.

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

As a leading communications company, we simplify lives for our customers, connect people, create jobs and opportunities while making a difference to 

the wider community through our network investments, innovations and the skills and passion of our people. We constantly review our sustainability 

strategy against the risks and opportunities we face today and foresee in the horizon. Our sustainability strategy focuses on four key Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) pillars: Environment, People, Community, and Marketplace and Customers.

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND ESG ACCOUNTABILITY

Sustainability is governed across various levels in the organisation – from the Board and Management to the business units and working groups. 

To embed sustainability across the organisation, we also review the performance of our management on various ESG KPIs which form part of their 

balanced scorecard. For example, the Singtel Group CEO has specific ESG KPIs tied to her performance-based compensation such as creating a 

bigger impact in the four areas of our community strategy: enabling innovation, digital citizenship, volunteerism and community involvement, and 

ensuring safety and health considerations in corporate processes and decision-making. Please see our website for further details on how we govern 

sustainability at Singtel.

Sustainability 

Framework

Climate

Change &amp;

Carbon

Digital

Citizenship

Inclusion &amp;

Well-being

Education &amp; 

Employment

Product

Stewardship

The Best

Talent

A Diverse

&amp; Inclusive

Workplace

Health &amp;

Safety

Always #1

Ethical &amp;

Responsible

Practices

Our Greatest

Asset

The Best

Experience

The Smallest

Footprint

The Most

Connected

Communities

The Highest

Quality

Service &amp;

Products









4

Sustainability at Singtel

02


Singtel Group Materiality Matrix

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY REVIEW

Regular engagement with our stakeholders provides a core input for determining our material focus areas. We engage our internal and external 

stakeholders to understand their concerns and emerging priorities. This enables us to initiate collaboration and be part of formulating or 

facilitating a solution.

Our Group-wide materiality review was based on four key sources: our ongoing stakeholder engagement, an in-depth survey with management 

and external stakeholders, life-cycle assessment and peer review exercise. The assessment by an independent consultant was based on the GRI 

Standards’ materiality principle for defining report content and aimed to identify any shift in priorities and emerging areas of concern.

In the last quarter of FY2020, we conducted our third formal stakeholder engagement exercise and materiality review. This exercise was 

supplemented by a life-cycle analysis and a data-driven SDG prioritisation exercise. The results and findings will be published next year in our 

Singtel Group Sustainability Report 2021, together with a refreshed strategy and 2025 sustainability targets to help us focus on the areas where 

we can create the most impact as a leading communications provider.

Importance to Stakeholders

Significance of Impact

Sustainability Pillars

Medium

Medium

High

High

Low

Low

Innovation

Training and education

Talent attraction and retention

Fair marketing communications

Customer health and safety

Customer data privacy and

protection

Customer satisfaction

Anti-corruption

Product and service quality

Employee health and safety

Supply chain management

Climate change and carbon

Diversity

Digital citizenship and

online safety

Inclusion of vulnerable groups

Waste management

Environment

Community

People

Marketplace and Customers

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

5

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


Environment

2020 TARGET

FY2020 ACHIEVEMENTS

5-YEAR SCORECARD

Climate 

Change  

and Carbon

Reduce our carbon emissions 

intensity of kWh/TB by 30% by 

2020 and 50% by 2030 using 2015 

as baseline

Continued to improve our carbon efficiency on 

our networks by 70% carbon emissions intensity 

reduction from baseline year of 2015. Started on 

our renewable energy journey committing to net 

zero by 2050. (page 15, 19)

Achieved carbon emissions intensity 

reduction of 70% in 2020, well exceeding 

our 2030 target of 50%.

We are also committed to achieving our 

2030 SBTi absolute carbon reduction 

target of 42% for Scope 1 and 2 and 30% 

reduction for Scope 3 from 2015 baseline.

Waste

Management

At least 80% of waste generated 

within our operation disposed via 

reuse, recycling or incineration with 

energy recovered 

Over 84% of waste generated within our operation 

disposed via reuse, recycling or incineration with 

energy recovered. (page 17, 19)

Exceeded original target by 4%.

People

2020 TARGET

FY2020 ACHIEVEMENTS

5-YEAR SCORECARD

Diversity

At least 30% of female employees 

in Middle and Top Management

28% of female employees in Middle and Top 

Management. Included in the 2020 Bloomberg 

Gender-Equality Index and the Refinitiv Global 

Diversity &amp; Inclusion Index 2019 and named as one 

of the top ten employers for Gender Diversity at 

The Leonie Awards 2019. (page 22)

28% of female employees in Middle and 

Top Management.

Talent 

Attraction

and 

Retention

Increase 2% pipeline and intake for 

management associates and cadets, 

improve gender mix and retention 

of talent pool by 2% YOY using 

2015 as baseline

Built a strong pipeline of more than 800 Young 

Talent with 56% from technical background.  

(page 24)

Increased Group-wide pipeline and intake 

for management associates and cadets by 

16% over five years. Improved talent pool 

gender mix by 3.5% and talent pool size by 

9% since 2015.

Training and

Education

Training investment of S$100 

million between 2016 and 2020

Total training investment of S$21.9 million. 

(page 25)

Pledged S$45 million to boost the digital skills of 

our workforce through company-wide initiative ACT 

over three years. (page 20)

Cumulative S$125.9 million of training 

investment. 

Employee 

Health

and Safety

Zero fatality rate

Zero fatality rate across Singtel and Optus in 

FY2020. (page 27)

Successfully re-certified OHSAS18001 and bizSAFE 

Star in Singapore and the AS4801 Australian 

Standard for Safety Management in Australia. 

(page 25)

Zero fatality in the past five years.

Committed to leading industry efforts 

to strengthen capabilities and build a 

progressive culture in WSH towards Vision 

Zero, our target for zero accidents and 

fatalities.

Community

2020 TARGET

FY2020 ACHIEVEMENTS

5-YEAR SCORECARD

Inclusion of 

Vulnerable 

Groups

Community investment of S$100 

million to support vulnerable 

persons through our various 

enabling and inclusion programmes 

between 2016 and 2020

Continued to scale impact with our community 

programmes and community investment in FY2020 

was S$22.34 million. (page 28)

Cumulative S$112.14 million of community 

investment.

Digital 

Citizenship

and Online 

Safety

Reach at least half a million 

students, parents and educators in 

Singapore and Australia through 

our digital citizenship and outreach 

programmes between 2016 and 

2020

Our digital citizenship programmes reached about 

114,000 students in Singapore and Australia in 

FY2020. (page 33-34)

Our various digital citizenship programmes 

reached more than 540,000 students, 

parents and educators in Singapore and 

Australia over five years.

In 2015, we set the following five-year 2020 targets for the Singtel Group across our four sustainability pillars.

Target achieved or exceeded

Target partially or not achieved

6

2020 Targets


Marketplace and Customers

2020 TARGET

FY2020 ACHIEVEMENTS

5-YEAR SCORECARD

Customer

Satisfaction

Lead in ‘Customer Experience’ 

in major customer satisfaction 

measurement tools and indices 

over tier one telcos in Singapore 

and Australia

Maintained top spot on the Customer 

Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) 

and voted Best Mobile &amp; Broadband 

Service Provider and the inaugural Best 

Mobile Data Roaming Service Provider 

award at HWM+HardwareZone Tech 

Awards 2020. (page 36) 

Continued to lead in ‘Customer Experience’ and 

maintained our position as the preferred brand in 

Singapore and Australia. For example, we maintained 

top spot on the Customer Satisfaction Index of 

Singapore (CSISG) since 2013 and Australia’s 

strongest brand in Brand Finance’s Top 100 list.

Product and

Service Quality

Invest in our networks to meet 

and exceed the quality of service 

standards set by the relevant local 

authorities while addressing the 

topic of long-term climate change 

adaptation

Total capital investment of S$2 billion in 

FY2020. (page 36)

Cumulative S$10.26 billion of capital investment.

Continued to invest and upgrade our network 

infrastructure and technology, such as 5G and 

climate adaptation and resilience measures. 

Completed the construction of the INDIGO West 

and Central submarine cable systems. 

Innovation

Continue to develop new digital 

business and services that take 

advantage of industry changes, 

leveraging our assets like customer 

knowledge and intelligent 

networks, as well as mobile data 

growth across our markets

5G rollout in Australia and industry 

collaboration in Singapore. Launched 

UNBOXED by Singtel, our 24x7 

unmanned pop-up store, and our newest 

Trustwave Fusion Platform to support 

enterprise customers in handling cyber 

threats. (page 37, 41)

Continued to drive and embed innovation in our 

consumer, enterprise and digital businesses and 

operations, with 5G as an enabler for our customers 

as well as our community and environment by 

supporting technological innovation for good 

through our Singtel Group Future Makers incepted 

in 2016.

Customer Health

and Safety

Maintain 100% compliance with 

RF radiation levels and safety 

guidelines set by local regulators 

and ICNIRP

100% compliant in FY2020. (page 40)

Engaged subject matter expert Dr Phill 

Knipe for a live 5G measurement whose 

findings established no health effect as a 

result of radio waves from 5G networks. 

(page 40)

Beyond 100% compliance, we ensure that we

stay current on new findings through local and

international regulatory bodies and participation

in industry initiatives like the GSMA 5G and Health

committee.

Customer Data

Privacy and

Protection

Uphold the highest standards of 

customer data privacy protection 

and ensure compliance by our 

supply chain

Ensured we uphold the highest 

standards of customer data privacy 

protection through internal governance, 

business risk assessment, training and 

communication. (page 40-41)

We conduct our business in strict adherence to 

data protection laws – the Personal Data Protection 

Act (PDPA) in Singapore and the Privacy Act and 

Telecommunications Act in Australia. 

There have been minor lapses due to IT, process and 

human errors. We continue to educate our staff and 

improve practices and processes to minimise the 

occurrence of data breaches.

Fair Marketing

Communications

Uphold the highest standards of 

professional values and integrity

Adhered to Singapore and Australia 

codes of advertising. (page 42)

While we strive to uphold the highest standards of 

professional values and integrity, there have been 

lapses especially in our Australian operations. We are 

committed to continuously review our systems and 

processes to tighten the management of marketing 

communications, including approval of marketing 

and advertising copy.

Anti-Corruption

Uphold and adhere to the Group’s 

zero tolerance policy towards 

fraud, corruption and unethical 

actions

Zero tolerance policy towards fraud,

corruption and unethical actions.

(page 42-43)

Continuously manage the Group’s exposure to 

corruption risks by applying and emphasising 

good corporate governance, business ethics, and 

transparency while implementing robust internal 

controls in business processes as our core approach.

Sustainable

Supply Chain

Management

To become an industry leader in 

this area by 2020:

• 100% contracted procurement 

spend in line with Singtel Group 

sustainable procurement policy

• Drive responsible business 

practices across our supply 

chain in the areas of human 

and labour rights as well as 

environment

Engaged an external industry leading 

expert to enhance our Supplier 

Risk Assessment and Management 

Framework aligned to industry best 

practices. The Singtel Group Master 

Supply Agreement was updated to 

include provisions to ensure that our 

suppliers comply with the requirements 

of the Modern Slavery Act. (page 43-44)

Under our refreshed three-year Sustainable Supply 

Chain Management roadmap (2020-2022), we 

have since updated our Supplier Code of Conduct to 

encompass all aspects of labour and human rights 

issues, including our Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy.

Our Master Supply Agreement has been updated to 

incorporate the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (MSA). We 

will publish a Singtel Group Human Rights Policy 

and a Modern Slavery statement in second half of 

FY2021.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

7

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


Singtel Group Programmes and UN SDGs 

SDG

SINGTEL GROUP’S POSITION

SINGTEL GROUP’S EFFORTS AND PROGRAMMES

Goal 3:

Good Health and 

Well-being

Ensure healthy 

lives and promote 

well-being for all at 

all ages

The Singtel Group views any 

potential risk to the health 

and safety of our stakeholders 

seriously, and we actively 

promote health, safety and 

well-being at the workplace 

and in the broader community.

Workplace health and safety:

The safety and security of our employees are our top priority, and we strive 

to ensure the physical and mental well-being of our people. We provide a safe 

work environment for our people and actively promote awareness of workplace 

occupational health and safety. (page 10-11, 25, 44)

Digital citizenship:

We aim to play a proactive role in mitigating such risks through education 

and promotion of responsible digital citizenship among vulnerable groups of 

children, youths and customers alike. This is done through our Singtel Group 

Digital Thumbprint Programme and partnerships with global and local leading 

organisations like DQ Institute. (page 33-34)  

Electromagnetic energy:

We monitor research findings on EME, comply with standards set by local 

regulators, ICNIRP and ARPANSA, participate in GSMA 5G and Health committee 

and ensure that we stay current on new findings. (page 40)

Goal 4:

Quality Education

Ensure inclusive 

and equitable 

quality education 

and promote 

lifelong learning 

opportunities for all

The Singtel Group has an 

important role in enabling 

the progress, development 

and inclusion of vulnerable 

segments of the society 

through the support 

of education and skills 

development opportunities.

Staff training and development:

We invest heavily in skills training, education and development of our people to 

support our Future of Work vision and strategy. (page 20-21, 24-25)

Vulnerable children and youth:

We support the education of children with special needs, at-risk youth and young 

people transitioning to the workforce. (page 23, 29-30)

Digital citizenship:

We are a strategic partner of DQ Institute and its global #DQEveryChild learning 

programme and Child Online Safety Index (COSI), the world’s first real-time 

analytic platform to help countries better monitor the status of their children’s 

online safety. (page 33-34)

Goal 5:

Gender Equality

Achieve gender 

equality and 

empower all women 

and girls

The Singtel Group treats 

everyone with respect and 

consideration at all times, 

regardless of gender, age, 

ethnicity, language, cultural 

background, physical ability, 

religious belief and lifestyle 

choice.

Gender representation at work:

Female employees are well represented across all levels of the organisation. We 

established Gender Diversity Councils with senior leadership representation 

to accelerate our progress towards gender balance. In Australia, we recognise 

that more female representation is needed in senior leadership and technical 

roles. The Singtel Group has an equitable remuneration structure based on work 

performance without gender bias. (page 22-23, 26-27)

Goal 7:

Affordable and 

Clean Energy

Increase 

substantially the 

share of renewable 

energy in the global 

energy mix

The Singtel Group is 

committed to adopting cleaner 

energy to reduce our reliance 

on fossil fuels.

Sustainable energy sources:

We started on our renewable energy journey in Singapore and Australia to

support our aspiration to be net zero by 2050. (page 14)

Greening our networks:

We invest in greening our networks and implement energy efficiency 

programmes. (page 15) 

Goal 8:

Decent Work and 

Economic Growth

Promote sustained, 

inclusive and 

sustainable 

economic growth, 

full and productive 

employment and 

decent work for all

The Singtel Group is 

committed to growing with 

our people and making the 

company a vibrant workplace 

across our global operations.

Fair employment:

We employ over 24,000 people worldwide and have been a signatory of the UN 

Global Compact since 2007. We have a sustainable supply chain management 

programme to promote and uphold human and labour rights practices among 

our suppliers, aligned to the Modern Slavery Act 2018 in Australia. (page 20, 44)   

Economic growth:

We contribute to economic growth and national GDP by supporting Singapore 

as a key ICT and innovation hub for businesses, and remain an essential service 

during the COVID-19 crisis. (page 10-11, 20-26, 36-37, 43) 

We have earlier identified 11 SDGs which we believe we have the most impact as a business through our 

operations, initiatives and programmes. This year, we are undertaking a SDG prioritisation exercise and 

will be sharing our results next year.

8

UN Sustainable Development Goals 


SDG

SINGTEL GROUP’S POSITION

SINGTEL GROUP’S EFFORTS AND PROGRAMMES

Goal 9

Industry, 

Innovation and 

Infrastructure

Build resilient

infrastructure, 

promote

inclusive and 

sustainable

industrialisation 

and foster 

innovation

The Singtel Group innovates 

continuously to stay at the

forefront to bring the latest

and the best services to our

customers, and works with

changemakers to bring

creative solutions to solve

social problems.

Innovation:

We innovate to bring the latest and the best services and experience to our 

customers. We intend to be at the forefront and bring 5G to life in Singapore and 

Australia to create even more benefits and opportunities for businesses, society 

and our industry. Our social innovation programme, the Singtel Group Future 

Makers, supports charities, social entrepreneurs and social enterprises that 

believe technological innovation plays a key role in addressing environmental 

and social causes in the markets where we operate. (page 38-39)

Infrastructure:

We invest in our fixed and mobile networks to offer a superior customer 

experience. We also invest in cyber security to protect the ICT infrastructure of 

our enterprise customers as well as in training cyber security and smart cities 

professionals. (page 36, 41)

Goal 10:

Reduced 

Inequalities

Reduce inequality 

within and among 

countries

The Singtel Group is 

committed to creating equal 

opportunity for both our 

people and our communities.

Workplace diversity:

We create an open and trusting workplace environment characterised by equal 

opportunity, as well as a diverse, inclusive, collaborative and learning culture. 

(page 22-23)   

Equal opportunity:

We value the inclusion of persons with differing abilities as we aim to build an 

inclusive workplace and society. We partner national agency SG Enable and we 

are one of the eight founding companies of the Singapore Business Network 

on DisAbility. We work with the Australian Network on Disability and train our 

people on disability awareness and hiring. (page 23, 35) 

Goal 11:

Sustainable Cities 

and Communities

Make cities and 

human settlements 

inclusive, safe, 

resilient and 

sustainable

The Singtel Group leverages 

our ICT competence to develop 

solutions that improve quality 

of living, and focuses on 

building a resilient network 

infrastructure.

Inclusive smart cities:

We actively support Smart City and Smart Nation visions and we are developing 

a suite of smart home solutions for our customers. We conduct workshops 

for senior citizens in Singapore on using smartphones and social media apps, 

as well as online safety tips like protecting their online privacy and against 

scams and support vulnerable seniors through CareLine. We are also a founding 

partner of the Australian Business Roundtable for Disaster Resilience and Safer 

Communities. (page 16, 29-30)   

Goal 12:

Responsible 

Consumption and 

Production

Ensure sustainable 

consumption and 

production patterns

The Singtel Group actively 

monitors our waste 

management practices as part 

of our business operations and 

environmental conservation 

efforts.

Going green:

Electronic, packaging and corporate wastes are key sources of wastes generated 

across our operations and value chain. We focus on reducing and recycling our 

waste to minimise our environmental impact. We have a joint e-waste recycling 

programme in Singapore with SingPost and we continue to support the Mobile 

Muster programme in Australia. (page 17-18)  

Goal 13:

Climate Action

Take urgent action 

to combat climate 

change and its 

impacts

The Singtel Group is 

committed to understanding, 

managing and minimising our 

environmental footprint across 

our value chain, including our 

business operations, suppliers 

and customers.

Environmental focus:

We set a Science Based Target in 2017 to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions 

by 42% and our Scope 3 emissions by 30% between 2015 and 2030. We have 

further deepened our commitment by becoming the only Southeast Asian 

company among a pioneer group of 28 global companies to commit to keeping 

global temperature increase within 1.5°C and net zero emissions by 2050. We 

supported GSMA’s landmark science-based, sector-specific decarbonisation 

pathway to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across the ICT sector to reach net 

zero emissions. (page 12-17)  

Goal 17:

Partnerships for 

the Goals

Revitalise the 

global partnership 

for sustainable 

development

The Singtel Group is 

committed to establishing 

partnerships and collaborations 

to solve some of the most 

pressing social or sustainability 

needs, whether locally or 

globally.

Key partnerships:

We have formed strong relationships with key partners for our strategic 

programmes targeted at meeting our sustainability and community needs as 

well as environmental commitments. These partners include: ABCN, ABR, APCO, 

Carbon Management Institute, DQ Institute, Global Compact Network Singapore 

and Australia, GSMA, IMDA, Kari Foundation, National Council of Social Service, 

Mobile Muster, NVPC, raiSE, SG Enable, Singapore Business Network on 

DisAbility, Telco Together Foundation and The Smith Family. (page 16-18, 28-35) 

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

9

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


10

Singtel Group’s COVID-19 Response

Turning uncertainty into safety, resilience and optimism for 

our stakeholders



Our communications network services 

and solutions play a crucial role in times of 

crisis and pandemic like COVID-19. We help 

businesses, communities and people stay 

connected and have access to the latest news 

update wherever they are.

EMPLOYEE HEALTH, SAFETY AND 

WELL-BEING 

As part of our business continuity plan, we 

assembled a management-led Pandemic 

Control Committee and appointed floor 

and health staff representatives across our 

various offices as early as January 2020. 

Standard operating procedures were drawn 

up in response to COVID-19 scenarios 

and disseminated. We had regular staff 

communications and advisories to keep 

them posted on the latest developments 

in Singapore and Australia and our work 

arrangement plans. 

We reviewed our business operations and 

implemented measures to ensure staff and 

customer safety and well-being. For example, 

we issued hand sanitisers and masks to our 

staff, installed thermal scanners at our offices 

and stepped up cleaning services of common 

office areas and our retail shops. 

98 Singtel staff volunteers participated 

in the distribution of free hand sanitisers 

to every household in Singapore over six 

days, under the #BYOBclean project by 

Temasek Foundation that ran from  

23 March to 3 April 2020.







SUPPORTING BUSINESS CUSTOMERS

We also wanted to help our small and medium 

sized enterprise (SME) customers whose sales 

were affected due to social distancing and 

lockdown measures. In Singapore, we gave free 

access to Singtel’s 99sme.sg e-marketplace 

and six months free usage of productivity, 

collaboration and security tools to these 

customers. Similarly, we provided a free trial 

SMB product, Loop Live, to help enterprise 

customers stay connected in Australia.



Taking stringent measures to protect our field engineers by putting on Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) when installing 

services at quarantine centres

Optus CEO Kelly Bayer Rosmarin visiting our retail staff –  

thanking the team for their dedication to serve our 

customers and encouraging them to stay positive and safe

Connecting the migrant workers – supporting IMDA to 

provide data SIM to foreign workers staying in dormitories 

for their communication and information needs

Attending online meetings from home was a daily affair for 

our employees

Serving customers safely in our retail stores – disinfecting 

our shops every two hours and making hand sanitisers 

available to staff and customers. We provided our sales 

consultants with masks and thermometers to take their 

own temperature readings twice a day



Singtel staff volunteer distributing hand sanitiser 

to a member of the public

Singtel Sings Together 

with Singapore

COVID-19: The Singtel Response

click to play

click to play


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

11

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

Reliable network services and connectivity have never been more appreciated. This is where we worked very hard to help our residential 

and enterprise customers as well as our staff to mitigate the disruptions to their work and personal lives caused by COVID-19 and support 

the community in times of need. We responded to the outbreak with precision planning and agility for all our four sustainability pillars: 

Environment, People, Community and Marketplace and Customers.

“We are grateful that one of our longstanding partners, Singtel, has 

stepped forward to help support the community. Their support through 

Community Chest and The Courage Fund will help augment what the 

government and social service agencies are doing for those affected by 

COVID-19. Singtel’s other contributions to special education schools, 

healthcare groups, social enterprises and seniors are also highly 

meaningful as they show a thoughtfulness for other segments of society. 

It is with many helping hands during this climate that we are able to 

overcome the challenges together.”

• Provided complimentary temporary 

accommodations for employees who wished 

to stay and continue working in Singapore 

while borders were closed

• Adopted workforce separation and IT support 

arrangements for remote working

• Strengthened health and sanitation measures 

at offices and retail shops

• Distributed masks and hand sanitisers

• Implemented stringent measures to protect 

our field and frontline staff with masks and 

PPE as well as gear training  

• Engaged staff with regular internal 

communication through COVID-19 advisory

• Stepped up online learning of  

wide-ranging topics for staff to acquire 

new knowledge while working from home, 

including wellness webinars 

• Fundraised S$2 million from staff donation 

matched by company for various funds, 

charities and the healthcare sector

• Supported vulnerable seniors with mobile 

services due to reduced physical volunteer 

befriending and social agency care services 

• Supported migrant workers with free 

remittance service and their WiFi and mobile 

data needs

• Expanded Donate Your Data to support 

disadvantaged students with free mobile data 

access to online learning

• Provided emergency SIMs and tablets to 

agencies focusing on domestic violence and 

homelessness 

• Leveraged partnership with Kids Helpline to 

increase customer access to mental well-

being resources through My Optus App

• Provided refurbished laptops and data SIMs to 

disadvantaged students for their home-based 

learning

• Encouraged employees to participate in 

online volunteering opportunities  

• Reduced staff carbon footprint from 

telecommuting arrangement

• Remained committed to accelerate renewable 

energy adoption and energy efficiency 

initiatives despite weak global business outlook 

• Provided data-free WhatsApp and free access 

to our CAST streaming app and channels 

• Enabled free access to Singtel’s 99sme.sg 

e-marketplace and six months free usage of 

productivity, collaboration and security tools

• Technical staff joined the taskforce at the 

Community Isolation Facility designated 

for patients to provide IT support for device 

installation, tele-consult platform and user 

training

• Supplemented customers with additional 

mobile and unlimited broadband data, free 

Optus Sport 

• Offered bill waivers for healthcare workers in 

Australia

• Free trial SMB product, Loop Live, to help 

enterprise customers stay connected

• Engineering teams worked 24x7 to monitor 

our networks and strengthen capacity of our 

network due to increased data traffic from 

homes

• Deployed additional network resources at key 

premises such as hospitals for their critical 

communication needs

• Launched Singtel Group Future Makers 

COVID-19 pandemic innovation brief in 

Singapore and collaborated with alumni 

Virtual Psychologist for customers to access 

free mental health services in Australia

Ensuring workforce health 

and well-being

Connecting communities and 

supporting the disadvantaged 

Leaving the smallest 

environmental footprint

Supporting customers 

and enterprises

• • SINGTEL • • OPTUS • SINGTEL GROUP





Supporting the communication needs of vulnerable seniors

COVID-10 Employee Playbook covering staff 

actions required under different scenarios

MR PHILLIP TAN

Chairman of Community Chest

Singtel’s Frontline Heroes

A Singtel Survivor - Ben’s Story

click to play

click to play


We are committed to minimising our environmental impact and building operational resilience to the 

effects of climate change on our business and the communities we serve. 

ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE

CLIMATE CHANGE AND CARBON

We adopt an active and holistic approach in

addressing the threat of climate change through

mitigation and adaptation efforts, focusing on

improving our energy performance and efficiency

measures, as well as building resilience across our

operations. Both climate action and environmental

sustainability are a journey towards our goals and

the Singtel Group has taken progressive steps

since FY2015 (see Figure 4 on page 17). 

In recognition of our environmental sustainability 

efforts, Singtel won Singapore’s highest 

environmental accolade, which is the President’s 

Award for the Environment 2019 organised by the 

Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources.

Figure 1:

Singtel Group’s Environment Strategy

Product

Stewardship

Climate Change

and Carbon

Close the loop on e-waste,

packaging and products

Reduce our impact and

prepare for the future

Green ICT

E-Waste

Packaging

Renewables

and Energy

Efficiency

Resilience

and

Adaptation

The Smallest

Footprint











As a leading communications group transforming and connecting people and communities, we are also a driver and enabler of positive 

environmental impact. The Singtel Group Environment Strategy guides our focus on climate action and product stewardship (see Figure 1). Please 

refer to our website for more details.

Vice President of Group Sustainability Andrew Buay receiving on behalf of Singtel the President’s Award for 

the Environment 2019 from Singapore President Halimah Yacob and Minister for the Environment and Water 

Resources Masagos Zulkifli



12

Environment

The Smallest Footprint

03


THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS 

INDUSTRY AS AN ENABLER OF 

DECARBONISATION

Singtel’s active participation in the 

GSM Association (GSMA) Board and its 

Climate Action Committee helps to chart 

the strategic direction of environmental 

sustainability for the ICT and mobile 

industry. GSMA is an industry organisation 

that represents the interests of over 750 

mobile network operators worldwide.  

In February 2020, we supported the 

landmark science-based sector-specific 

decarbonisation pathway to reduce 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across 

the ICT industry sector to reach net 

zero emissions, announced through a 

collaboration between Science Based 

Targets initiative (SBTi), GSMA, International 

Telecommunication Union and Global 

e-Sustainability Initiative.  

This includes emission reduction trajectories 

for mobile, fixed and data centre operators 

to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting 

global warming to 1.5°C, designed to 

substantially reduce the risks and mitigate 

the effects of climate change.

“This is a breakthrough and 

Singtel is pleased to have 

played a critical role in shaping 

this global collaboration for 

a sector pathway to net zero 

carbon in the ICT sector. We 

are glad this is now an industry 

movement which will enable 

collaboration in energy efficient 

technologies within the 

industry and with suppliers.”

CHUA SOCK KOONG

Singtel Group CEO and 

Deputy Chair of GSMA Board

Singtel Solar Monitoring Solution supports Singapore’s solar targets 

During the year, we leveraged our ICT capabilities to help decarbonise HDB public housing flats 

and meet the national solar target commitment of 540 megawatt-peak (MWp) in Singapore 

by 2030.

Our Solar Monitoring Solution provides an IoT and diagnostic platform which gives project 

owners end-to-end, real-time monitoring of the performance of their solar equipment, such as 

inverters and power meters, to ensure that the solar energy harnessed is fully optimised.

More aggressive climate targets

In July 2019, Singtel became the only 

Southeast Asian company among a pioneer 

group of 28 global companies to commit to 

keeping global temperature increase within 

1.5°C and net zero emissions by 2050. 

This is an extension of our climate action 

commitment in 2017 when we became the 

first company in Asia outside of Japan to 

have our 2030 absolute carbon reduction 

targets approved by SBTi.

Climate change is a global issue that 

requires urgent action from all of us, and 

governments and businesses must lead  

the charge. 

Singtel has proactively implemented initiatives to make the transition to a clean 

energy future and build resilience in our operations. 

We have now deepened our commitment to meet the more aggressive 2050 target. 

We believe these efforts will drive efficiency, innovation and use of renewable energy 

within the business, and rally our partners and vendors in the ecosystem to work 

together to achieve a positive outcome.



Singtel Group CEO shares our environmental 

sustainability journey with Temasek portfolio 

companies’ leaders















Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

13

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


We approach the topic of climate change 

from two perspectives: impact on climate 

change from the business’ growing carbon 

footprint and impact from climate change on 

our business resilience and continuity such 

as during climate disasters (see Figure 2). We 

continue to work on both areas to ensure that 

we increase our positive impact on climate 

change and reduce its negative impact on our 

business and the community we serve. 

IMPACT ON CLIMATE CHANGE

We give a progress update of our efforts and 

results from our ongoing energy efficiency and 

renewable energy initiatives in this report.

RENEWABLE ENERGY

In October 2019, we signed our first solar Power 

Purchase Agreement (PPA) in Singapore which 

saw the installation of a 1.65 MWp solar power 

system on the rooftop of our NCS Bedok Data 

Centre. The system was commissioned in March 

2020 and became one of the largest single-roof 

solar-powered data centres in Southeast Asia. 

The system is expected to produce about 2,059 

MWh of clean energy per year, enough to power 

462 four-room HDB flats for a month. Our 

carbon emissions are also expected to reduce by 

864 tCO2e annually. Please refer to our website 

for more details.

We continue to explore renewable energy 

options in Australia, where many projects have 

been affected by the economic uncertainty 

caused by COVID-19. PPAs are part of our energy 

efficiency plans to support Singtel Group’s 2030 

SBTi and 2050 net zero carbon targets.

ENERGY PERFORMANCE AND 

EFFICIENCY

Based on our FY2022 energy roadmap, we 

have been working on programmes targeting 

energy reduction across key energy intensive 

touch-points of our operations in Singapore 

and Australia, such as network infrastructure, 

data centres, satellite earth stations and office 

buildings. Please refer to Figure 3 and our 

website for more details.

BCA Green Mark Award 

(Platinum) for NCS Hub



NCS Hub was awarded the Green 

Mark Award (Platinum) by the 

Building and Construction Authority 

in 2020. The award rates a building 

on environmental criteria such as 

energy and water efficiency, and 

environmental protection.

Key building conservation features:

• Chiller plant with &lt;0.60 kW/tonne 

efficiency

• 24% improvement in air distribution

• Energy saving T5 lightings/LEDs at 

offices and common areas

• LEDs with motion and lux sensors in 

washrooms

• PUB water efficient fittings



NCS Bedok Data Centre, one of the largest single-roof solar-powered data centres in Southeast Asia

Our Impact on 

Climate Change

Our Impact from 

Climate Change

Carbon emissions 

leading to global 

warming

Our Response

Carbon Emissions 

Reduction

Our Response

Climate Adaptation 

and Infrastructure 

Resilience

Global warming 

leading to national 

disasters impacting 

our business and 

infrastructure

Figure 2: 

How We Look at the 

Climate Change Issue

Life Cycle Assessment

Supply Chain Analysis

14

Environment

The Smallest Footprint

03




Retrofitting M&amp;E equipment and energy 

optimisation

In Singapore, we continue to retrofit our Fan 

Coil Units to the type using solar thermal 

to absorb heat from the sun and improve 

efficiency of the compressor. 32 units were 

completed from 2017 to 2019. We also perform 

energy optimisation on our Heating, Ventilation 

and Air-Conditioning (HVAC) systems. 

Estimated energy savings and emissions 

avoidance:

• Kim Chuan 1 Data Centre: 1,058 MWh/year 

(3,809 GJ/year) or 444 tCO2e/year

• NCS Bedok Data Centre: 113 MWh/year  

(407 GJ/year) or 47 tCO2e/year

Replacing Uninterruptible Power 

Supply (UPS)

We replaced two conventional-type 

UPS to modular units at our data 

centres in Singapore.

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

• NCS Bedok Data Centre: 126 MWh/

year (454 GJ/year) or 53 tCO2e/year

Converting to energy efficient

mobile base stations

We continue to upgrade our mobile 

networks in Singapore and convert to 

energy efficient mobile base stations.

Energy efficient mobile base stations:

• 99.64%

• To achieve 100% by end-2020













MAKING PROGRESS WITH TCFD

We have adopted a staged approach for Task 

Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 

(TCFD), starting with our operations in 

Australia as the country is more exposed 

to climate risks and disasters compared to 

Singapore. We can then iterate the learnings 

for our Singapore operations. During the year, 

we issued a Request for Information calling 

for external risks modelling experts to partner 

us on our TCFD journey. 

In FY2021, we plan to work with a consultant 

on a more targeted and granular assessment 

of a pilot geographical network location 

in Australia to help us refine the internal 

preparatory work we have done in the past 

two years. We will undertake financial risk 

modelling aligned with climate scenarios 

and the associated impact, as well as 

interdependencies of climate risks for 

our business operations. This will be done 

concurrently with our internal sourcing of 

all climate-related data and validation of 

historical financial assessments attributed 

to the physical and transitional risks of 

climate change. 

Please refer to our website to see how 

Singtel applies the TCFD framework 

against where we believe are our key 

physical, transition and other climate risks.

Replacing, overhauling and optimising chillers and 

related equipment

We regularly replace and overhaul chiller units and 

related Mechanical and Engineering (M&amp;E) equipment 

which have been in operation for 15 years and more, at 

our exchanges and office buildings in Singapore. Eight 

out of 22 chillers have been replaced last year with 

another six to be upgraded by end-2021.

In Australia, we have an ongoing multi-year Mobile 

Shelter Cooling Upgrade initiative to replace current 

fresh air fans with modern DC variable speed fans 

and larger intake units. This comes with the capability 

to double the air intake and reduce reliance on air 

conditioners. During the year, 270 sites were upgraded, 

bringing the total to 1,100 sites.

Estimated energy savings and emissions avoidance: 

• Potential reduction of 6,141 MWh (22,108 GJ) annually 

when all 22 chillers are replaced 

• Reduction of carbon footprint by 2,649 tCO2e per year 

in Singapore

• 2,490 MWh/year (8,964 GJ/year) or 2,042 tCO2e per 

year in Australia

Switching to energy-saving lighting

We have made progressive efforts in 

retrofitting physical architecture with LED 

lightings in Singapore.

Estimated energy savings and emissions 

avoidance:

• Geylang Telephone Exchange: 120 MWh/

year (431 GJ/year) or 50 tCO2e/year

Figure 3:

Examples of Energy Programmes and Achievements

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

15

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


IMPACT FROM CLIMATE CHANGE

We prepare our business for climate change 

impact and mitigate Singtel Group’s carbon 

footprint through renewable and ongoing 

organic energy efficiency initiatives.

CLIMATE CHANGE RESILIENCE

Business resilience against climate change is a 

priority for the Singtel Group as we continue 

to integrate resilience and adaptation into 

our business and network operations. We 

constantly review current and new climate 

related risks and trends in countries that are 

prone to natural disasters, like Australia. We 

can then prepare ourselves and respond to 

such risks promptly to safeguard our network 

infrastructure while continuing to serve our 

customers’ communications needs. 

As part of the Australian Business Roundtable 

for Disaster Resilience and Safer Communities 

(ABR), we continue to work with businesses 

to build climate and disaster risk reduction 

knowledge and also influence decisions made 

by governments, businesses and communities. 

Through our active involvement in ABR, we 

help to shape the country’s first National 

Disaster Risk Reduction Framework.



Retrofit

Equip 37 power generators with:

• Additional 3 phase 415v outlets

• Remote supervisory system

• Quick connect fuel inlets to 

allow connection to long  

run fuel pods

• Shelter interconnection lead

Purchases

• 9 trailer mounted diesel 

refuelling systems

• 30 long run portable 

diesel fuel pods

• 5 Tipper Trailers

We further enhanced our climate resilience adaptation during the year with an A$800,000 

investment to buy new equipment and retrofit our power generators.

We are currently exploring 4G-accessible small cells to complement our current disaster 

management fleet of four SATCATS trucks. If feasible, this will improve our deployment of mobile 

coverage solutions in affected disaster zones.

Bushfires recovery with Green Shoots programme

The unprecedented devastating bushfires in late 2019 affected  

more than one billion wildlife, caused an estimated A$4.4 billion  

in economic losses, released 350 million tonnes of carbon emissions 

equivalent to Australia’s annual emissions, and destroyed homes, 

businesses and lives. 

“With the Green Shoots grants, we are committed to 

working alongside small businesses hardest hit and 

helping them on the road to recovery.”

ALLEN LEW

CEO of Group Strategy and Business Development 

and former Optus CEO

We set up the Optus Green Shoots bushfire grants programme 

to support the rebuilding efforts of regional economies and small 

businesses adversely affected by the bushfires. Our assistance 

includes:

• Covering the costs of volunteer firefighters’ mobile services for 

December 2019 and January 2020

• A dedicated customer care hotline for volunteer firefighters and 

those affected by bushfires

• Giving our people uncapped, paid emergency service and military 

leave for volunteering efforts related to the disaster

• 2,000 grants, a complimentary tablet, A$100 monthly credit for 

24 months, and technology support for eligible small businesses 



Nicole Fosteris, Optus Local Channel Executive Manager (second from left), Tom 

O’Dea, Optus Territory GM of Central New South Wales (NSW) (first from right), and 

the RFS brigade from Parkes NSW 

Optus SATCATS trucks provide communication coverage at disaster zones

16

Environment

Climate Change and Carbon


WASTE MANAGEMENT

In May 2019, the Australian government committed A$3 million to 

support four new recycling education and resource recovery projects 

to increase recycling rates and reduce waste to support its 2025 

National Packaging Targets.

As part of Singapore’s Zero Waste Masterplan, the government

passed the Resource Sustainability Act in September 2019. The

Mandatory Packaging Reporting and Extended Producer

Responsibility (EPR) e-waste frameworks will become effective

on 1 January 2021 and 1 July 2021 respectively. 

Electronic, packaging and corporate wastes such as paper are 

key sources of wastes generated across our operations and value 

chain. Hence we focus on reducing and recycling our waste by 

collaborating with partners and suppliers and redesigning our 

product offerings to minimise our impact in this area.

E-WASTE

The Singapore Government is tackling e-waste with the Extended 

Producer Responsibility (EPR) scheme to be implemented in July 2021 

and Singtel is committed to playing our part and contributing towards 

this national environmental effort. 

Figure 4:

Singtel Group’s Climate Action Journey Towards 2050

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2030

FY2050

******

******

Achieved A-rating for CDP 2017, 2018 and 2019 

Achieved carbon emissions intensity reduction of 70% in FY2020 since FY2015

Progressive granular understanding,

tracking and reporting of carbon footprint

Internal energy efficiency initiatives to level carbon growth

Ongoing design and implementation of infrastructure adaptation

and resilience, including research for public policy advocacy

Renewable

energy RFP

Actions

Achievements

Aspirations

• Group climate scenario (&lt;2°C and 4°C) and 

adaptation exercise conducted

• TCFD drivers identified

TCFD data collection, assessment, 

stakeholder discussions and disclosures

FY2015

Climate Change identified in Group’s stakeholder 

engagement and materiality review

FY2018

Singtel Group’s science-based carbon targets 

approved in October 2017, first in Asia ex-Japan

FY2016

Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) performed to advise 

on material environmental issues in our extended 

value chain

FY2020

Explored renewable energy options and signed our 

first Power Purchase Agreement for our Singapore 

operations

FY2017

Climate Change rose in impact and importance in 

stakeholder and materiality assessment

FY2030

SBTi target to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 

carbon by 42%, and Scope 3 by 30% from 2015 

baseline

FY2018

Among first companies globally to endorse the 

TCFD Framework

FY2050

Towards net zero by 2050

E-waste is the most material waste stream in our sector, due to the 

potential pollutive nature of metal, plastic and battery from mobile 

phones. Our focus is on increasing the recovery and recycling of 

mobile phones from our customers. 

ReCYCLE, our e-waste recycling programme with SingPost, saw 

a 580% compounded growth in collection rates since its launch 

on World Environment Day in 2017. Our effort has recovered over 

46,300 kg of mobile phones, batteries and accessories to date.

In Australia, we recycle over 98% of our own e-waste and continue 

to support the Mobile Muster programme, a national industry-wide 

collaboration stewardship scheme that allows customers to recycle 

their old mobile phones at any Optus store. We diverted 3,728 kg of 

e-waste or 50,182 handsets and batteries from landfills in Australia 

in 2019, saving 8.3 tonnes of carbon emissions and conserved  

42.2 tonnes of mineral resources.

PAPER WASTE

We encourage our customers in Singapore to go paperless by 

promoting e-billing services. We have also switched to FSC-certified 

photocopying paper at our offices in Singapore since September 

2012. With our paperless strategy, we reduced paper use by 49% 

during the year compared to FY2016 usage levels.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

17

Environment

Product Stewardship

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


In 2019, we ran Project LESS across Singtel and Optus, which aims to promote a culture 

of LESS – Little EcoStepS – to engage our staff in playing an active part in environment 

conservation. By inculcating an environment friendly ethos, we hope to reduce our 

carbon footprint through little acts that can collectively make a big difference.

2019 was designated as the Year Towards Zero Waste in Singapore. Singtel supported 

this national campaign with a year-long Project LESS consisting of lunchtime talks, 

workshops, roadshows and eco-trips for staff. We launched ‘The Last Straw’ campaign 

that encouraged our 12,000-plus employees in Singapore to reduce the use of 

disposables at our staff cafeterias. In celebration of World Environment Day and in 

support of the Say YES to Waste Less campaign by the National Environment Agency, 

we gave each employee a special lunchbox and a set of utensils for their takeaway 

food purchase. Through such initiatives, we hope to empower them in embracing a 

sustainable lifestyle.

In Australia, we organised a panel session ‘Our role as stewards of Planet Earth’, 

consisting of keynote speaker Karina May Reyes-Antonio, National Geographic Explorer 

2018, Rebecca Gilling, Deputy CEO of Planet Ark and staff advocates. We also hosted 

an environment-themed marketplace with participation from eco-friendly retailers and 

non-profit partners like Mobile Muster. 

Singtel and Optus Celebrate World Environment Day with Project LESS (Little EcoStepS)





SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING

Sustainable packaging has both direct and indirect contributions to  

our carbon footprint and environmental impact on our value chain, 

from resource utilisation to product packaging and all the way to their 

waste streams. 

We have been committed to the principles of the Australian Packaging 

Covenant Organisation (APCO) since 2007. In FY2020, we received an 

APCO Award for our sustainable packaging achievements and efforts in 

the telecommunications sector, making significant improvements in the 

areas of Consumer Engagement, Packaging Design, Packaging Material 

Efficiency and Business to Business Packaging, improving our points by 

17 to 72. This is the third consecutive year we have been awarded by 

APCO as a high performing member.



Our commitment to sustainability packaging 

In Australia, we updated and consolidated our Sustainable Packaging 

Strategy into ten targets for 2019-2021 and aligned to the National 

Packaging Waste targets to make all packaging 100% reusable, 

recyclable or compostable by 2025. As part of this journey, all foils, 

celloglaze, spot UV and finishes that make packaging unrecyclable, have 

been removed from our products. We have also included the FSC and 

recycling logos on the reverse side of our prepaid SIM packaging.



Optus team receiving the APCO Award for the Telecommunications category last year, 

receiving the accolade of ‘Leading’ Australian company for our sustainable packaging efforts 

and best practices

Engaging panel discussion on everyone’s role as stewards of 

planet earth

18

Environment

Product Stewardship

Reusable lunchbox for every employee in Singapore


Environment

SINGTEL

OPTUS

SINGTEL GROUP

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Total energy use (GJ)

1,466,802

1,347,094

1,395,100

1,834,722

1,749,622

1,724,106

3,301,524

3,096,716

3,119,206

Energy intensity (GJ/S$million revenue)

180

161

169

219

194

191

200

178

181

Energy intensity (GJ/TB*)

0.30

0.35

0.43

0.49

0.59

0.71

0.38

0.46

0.55

(i) 

Electricity Use (GJ)

1,448,584

1,323,825

1,372,809

1,805,476

1,719,144

1,692,773

3,254,060

3,042,969

3,065,582

 

Electricity Use (MWh)

402,384

367,729

381,336

501,521

477,540

470,215

903,905

845,269

851,551

 

Electricity Intensity (GJ/S$million revenue)

177

158

167

216

191

187

197

175

178

 

Electricity Intensity (GJ/TB)

0.30

0.35

0.42

0.48

0.58

0.70

0.38

0.45

0.54

 

Electricity Intensity (kWh/TB)

83

97

118

133

160

195

105

125

151

(ii) Fuel use from non-renewable sources (GJ)

16,748

22,877

21,935

28,782

30,014

30,869

45,530

52,891

52,804

(iii) Fuel use from renewable sources (GJ)

1,470

392

356

464

464

464

1,934

856

820

 

Solar energy (MWh)

408

109

99

129

129

129

537

238

228

Total carbon emissions (tonnes CO2 equivalent)1

162,566

164,629

174,391

427,706

418,060

418,760

590,272

582,689

593,151

(i) 

Scope 1

3,741

4,085

3,367

2,140

2,567

2,725

5,881

6,652

6,092

 

Refrigerants

2,545

2,455

1,828

134 2

470 2

589 2

2,679

2,925

2,417

 

Fuel combustion

484

733

587

304

291

329

788

1,024

916

 

Company fleet

712

897

952

1,702

1,806

1,807

2,414

2,703

2,759

(ii) Scope 2

153,650

154,152

164,470

412,932

402,290

399,257

566,582

556,442

563,727

(iii) Scope 3

5,175

6,392

6,554

12,634

13,203

16,778

17,809

19,595

23,332

 

Contractor fleet

254

411

687

1,138

1,264

1,168

1,392

1,675

1,855

 

Air travel

3,040

4,000

3,845

4,853

5,738

8,004

7,893

9,738

11,849

 

Employee commute

1,7313

1,821

1,821

6,643 3

6,201

7,606

8,374

8,022

9,427

 

Retail franchisees

150

160

201

N.A.

N.A. 

N.A.

150

160

201

Carbon Intensity (tCO2e/S$ million revenue)

20

20

21

51

46

46

36

34

34

Carbon Intensity (tCO2e/TB)4

0.03

0.04

0.05

0.11

0.14

0.17

0.07

0.08

0.10

Total Water Use (m3)

864,646 5

753,238

752,207

68,737 6

78,774

74,235

933,383

832,012

826,442

Water Intensity (m3/S$million revenue)

106

91

90

N.A.

N.A. 

N.A.

56

48

47

Total Waste: hazardous and non-hazardous 

(tonnes)

7,658

7,538

6,289

883 7

2,294 7

2,197 7

8,541

9,832

8,486

Total Non-Hazardous Waste by disposal method 

(tonnes)

1,567

2,130

2,227

690 7

1,683 7

1,972 7

2,257

3,813

4,199

 

Incineration with energy recovered

1,376

1,972

1,968

N.A.

N.A. 

N.A.

1,376

1,972

1,968

 

Landfill

0

0

0

568

1,476

1,720

568

1,476

1,720

 

Recycle / Reuse

191

158

259

122

207

252

313

365

511

Total Hazardous Waste by disposal method 

(tonnes)

6,091

5,408

4,062

193 7

611 7

225 7

6,284

6,019

4,287

 

Incineration with energy recovered

324

282

388

N.A.

N.A. 

N.A.

324

282

388

 

Landfill

777

776

593

6

8

3

783

784

596

 

Recycle / Reuse

4,990

4,350

3,081

187

603

222

5,177

4,953

3,303

Customer E-waste Recycling (tonnes)

66

63

36

4

4

4

70

67

40

Footnotes:

* TB refers to terabyte of data transported across our network.

1. The carbon emissions reported in the table are based on the reporting requirements of the WRI and WBCSD ‘GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard’. The equivalent CO2 emissions for 

electricity use are calculated based on the updated simple operating margin grid emission factors from the National Environment Agency and electricity supplier emission factor in Singapore for the relevant 

time period and from corresponding states in Australia. Scope 1 direct emissions and Scope 3 indirect emissions are calculated using BEIS (Department for Business, Energy &amp; Industrial Strategy) Greenhouse gas 

reporting: conversion factors 2019, NGERS and WRI.

2. Optus uses a combination of air, water and refrigerant cooling systems. Refrigerants tracked from FY2018.

3. Employee commute carbon emissions data updated with FY2020 employees numbers. Optus data updated with new survey conducted in 2019 and applies to Optus Sydney campus.

4. Covers Scope 1 and 2 only.

5. Total volume withdrawn from municipal water supplies and includes use of 180,799 m3 NEWater instead of potable water. Water stress areas are not applicable.

6. Total volume withdrawn from municipal water supplies and includes rainwater harvesting of 10,876 m3 instead of potable water. Water use covers Optus Sydney campus and Optus Melbourne office only.

7. Data covers waste directly managed by Optus’ contracted waste vendor.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

19

Environment

Environmental Performance Indicators

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


Our people are key to the Group’s long-term growth and success. We strive to be a company where talented 

and self-driven people continue to do great work. 

A PLACE WHERE OUR PEOPLE DO GREAT WORK

The Singtel Group employs over 24,000 people, with about 12,100 in 

Singapore and 7,700 in Australia. We empower and invest in equipping 

our employees with the necessary skills and knowledge to stay relevant 

in our highly competitive and disruptive industry. We want to be a 

company where our employees can do great work. Hence we aim to 

create a diverse, welcoming culture that allows people to add value and 

grow as individuals in a safe working environment.

In Singapore, we abide by the Ministry of Manpower’s (MOM) 

Employment Act and ensure that practices are aligned with the 

tripartite guidelines set by MOM, National Trades Union Congress 

(NTUC) and Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF). In 

Australia, we adopt the fair employment framework that is approved 

by Fair Work Australia and governed by our Employment Partnership 

Agreement (EPA). 

We have fostered a very strong and collaborative partnership with the 

Union of Telecom Employees (UTES) in Singapore since its inception 

in 1982. As at 31 March 2020, we had 4,804 bargainable employees 

(39.6%) in Singapore and 2,683 employees (35%) covered by the 

Employment Partnership Agreement in Australia.

 

We support NTUC’s U Care Fund with an annual donation of S$100,000. 

During the year, we disbursed S$61,000 to 83 schooling children of our 

staff under the joint Singtel-UTES Bursary Awards scheme.

“Technology, media and telecommunications 

companies are driving digital innovation and 

transformation, but they are not immune to the 

challenges brought about by Industry 4.0.  

I’m encouraged that Singtel is the first telco to 

partner the Labour Movement in setting up a CTC  

to help their workers be future-ready with new  

or different skillsets.”

NG CHEE MENG

Secretary-General of NTUC 

A three-year MoU between Singtel and UTES on the formation of a Company 

Training Committee to implement our ACT initiative

(L to R) Vicky Wong, Deputy CEO e2i, Roger Tan, President UTES, Thuvinder 

Singh, General Secretary UTES, Ng Chee Meng, Secretary-General NTUC, Chua 

Sock Koong, Group CEO, Yuen Kuan Moon, CEO Consumer Singapore, Aileen Tan, 

Group Chief Human Resources Officer, Ng Kuo Pin, CEO NCS



ACT NOW FOR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

In September 2019, Singtel pledged S$45 million for the next three 

years to boost the digital skills of our workforce. The initiative, dubbed 

ACT, aims to: 

• Accelerate employees learning and skills development

• Empower employees to Co-create their skills pathways

• Transform employee roles to ensure they stay relevant in the  

digital economy

Singtel and UTES also inked a three-year Memorandum of Understanding 

(MoU) on the formation of a Company Training Committee (CTC) to 

implement the ACT initiative. 

We continue to roll out our Robotic Process Automation (RPA) 

programme to free employees from manual transactional tasks to 

MoU to form a Company Training Committee

focus on higher value activities (see Figure 1). This ultimately improves 

customer and employee experience. 

Through the Bot for Every Employee Programme, our people are trained 

to create bots to enhance work efficiency. To date, over 300 bots 

have been deployed in Singtel and Optus. Of these, 35 bots are used 

to manage various HR processes, including streamlining onboarding 

process, answering employee queries and helping employees apply  

for leave.

20

People

Our Greatest Asset

04


FUTURE OF WORK

Job roles within the organisation are rapidly evolving due to emerging technology 

and business needs. We adopt a proactive approach in reskilling our people to take 

on new or enhanced roles. Our development programmes across Singapore and 

Australia support employees’ development aspirations and aim to develop future-

ready organisational capabilities and talent.

Singapore

Australia

Programme

Professional Conversion 

Programme and Company-

Led Training 

Career Agility platform

Description

To re-skill and transform 

professionals to take on new 

roles in their career.

To support employees to plan 

their careers for the Future 

of Work by allowing the 

exchange of conversation, 

activities and information to 

flow with employees by HR 

and between themselves.

Impact

Our systems engineers have 

been transformed into cyber 

security consultants, and 

customer service officers 

upskilled into customer 

operations analysts.

200 employees joined 

the platform with 80% 

of participants surveyed 

feeling better equipped to 

self-manage their career in 

the future.

Transformation Journey

Challenging but possible.

Wilson was an Operations Executive who 

performed qualitative and quantitative 

analysis on operation metrics when 

Singtel offered him an RPA role. Seeing 

this move from a non-technical to a 

technical role as an opportunity to 

upgrade himself, Wilson also took on the 

Singtel Education Scholarship to pursue a 

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science to 

deepen his technical skillsets.  

 

He is now an RPA Associate who develops 

technical support design specifications, 

provides programming guidelines and 

coaches our software engineers.



• First RPA robot 

deployed as start 

of our automation 

journey

• Bot for Every Employee Programme 

introduced to enable thousands of employees 

to leverage bots for their work by 2019

• First ever Botmaker hackathon organised

• Began developing new automation capabilities 

in Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine  

Learning (ML)

• Set-up an automation factory model to scale 

RPA adoption - with reusable components, 

source codes and robots

• Number of RPA 

robots deployed 

across the Group 

grew by four times

• Increase in number of 

RPA robots deployed 

across the Group, freeing 

employees’ time spent 

on repetitive tasks

• Thousands of automation 

opportunities identified 

through an extensive 

opportunity assessment 

exercise across the Group

2019

2016

2017

2018

Wilson Yan - 30, Senior RPA Associate, Singtel

Examples of Singtel Group’s digital transformation programmes

Figure 1:

Singtel Group’s RPA Journey

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

21

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


GENDER DIVERSITY

We continue to increase the representation of 

women in senior leadership and key technical 

roles across the Singtel Group.

As at 31 March 2020, female employees 

accounted for 34% of our total workforce, 

comprising 35% in Singapore and 31% 

in Australia. They represented 26% of 

top management and 28% of middle 

management positions in the Group.

Figure 2:

Diversity and 

Inclusion Framework

The Singtel Group believes in the inherent strength of 

a vibrant, diverse and inclusive workforce where the 

perspectives, backgrounds and life experiences of our 

people help us to forge strong connections with all our 

customers, engage confidently within an increasingly 

globalised marketplace, inspirationally lead and 

creatively innovate, thereby making better decisions 

for our business and the world in which we live.

Respecting and

supporting the

needs of people

with differing

abilities

Recognising that 

different workforce 

generations have 

different workplace, 

family support, 

engagement, 

learning and career 

needs

Recognising that 

needs and family 

dependencies vary at 

different life stages, 

and even across 

the geographies we 

operate in

Synergistically 

tapping the different 

perspectives, value-add 

and contributions of 

our multi-generational 

workforce to create 

an organisation that 

is dynamic, agile and 

innovative

Recognising that 

there are valuable 

and productive 

abilities in everyone; 

and aspiring to 

build long-term 

opportunities 

for persons with 

disabilties

Supporting a 

gender balanced 

workforce and 

equal opportunities 

at all levels across 

the organisation

Ensuring an 

equitable 

remuneration 

structure that has 

no gender bias

Celebrating our uniquely 

global workforce and 

leveraging the diversity and 

cultural experiences of our 

people and leaders to forge 

strong connections with our 

customers and communities 

across the region, driving 

innovation and engaging 

confidently in an increasingly 

globalised marketplace

Differing

Abilities

Gender

DIversity

Multicultural

Awareness

Multi-

generational

Workplaces



We were recognised for our gender diversity 

efforts by the 2020 Bloomberg Gender-

Equality Index for the second consecutive year. 

We were also named as one of the top ten 

employers for Gender Diversity at The Leonie 

Awards 2019 and included in the Refinitiv 

Global Diversity &amp; Inclusion Index 2019.

During the year, we established Gender 

Diversity Councils in Singapore and Australia 

with senior leadership representation to 

accelerate our progress towards gender 

balance. The councils equip up-and-coming 

female leaders with skills, networks and 

experiences, as well as cultivates an 

environment that empowers women to 

progress as influential leaders in communities, 

sectors and areas of interest.

We became a Workplace Gender Equality 

Agency (WGEA) Pay Equity Ambassador, 

committing to the pay equity pledge to 

promote and improve gender equality in 



Australia. This is in addition to four other key 

areas in leadership education and capability, 

recruitment, and return-to-work practices. 

Optus CEO, Kelly Bayer Rosmarin (seated 2nd from left), a 

panellist at our Women in Leadership Series

Female 

Executives in 

the Singtel 

Group

Top Management

FY2020

FY2020

32%

34%

10%

22%

26%

28%

31%

33%

9%

21%

24%

26%

FY2019

FY2019

SINGTEL

SINGTEL

OPTUS

OPTUS

SINTEL

GROUP

SINTEL

GROUP

Middle Management

Female 

Executives in 

the Singtel 

Group

Top Management

FY2020

FY2020

33%

34%

10%

22%

26%

28%

31%

34%

9%

22%

24%

28%

FY2019

FY2019

SINGTEL

SINGTEL

OPTUS

OPTUS

SINGTEL

GROUP

SINGTEL

GROUP

Middle Management

22

People

Diversity and Inclusion




Never too old to learn.

 

A Senior Learning &amp; Development 

Executive who handles course 

administration and training budget 

reporting, Valerie has now taken on 

the additional role of a Bot Builder 

– building bots to automate course 

admin processes. Her transformation 

journey occurred in 2019 when she 

participated in our RPA Hackathon. 

She was curious to know what RPA 

was and how a bot could help her automate processes. 

She initially had a hard time understanding the technical 

terms, but soon gained new knowledge and the confidence 

and ability to build her very own bot! 

MULTIGENERATIONAL WORKPLACE

We continue to support our employees across all generations to stay relevant and resilient in this digital age. To raise their digital literacy, we 

actively promote courses by SkillsFuture for Digital Workplace (SFDW) and through #CURIOUS, Singtel Group’s newest digital learning platform. 

DIFFERING ABILITIES

We value the inclusion of persons with differing abilities in our 

company, in line with our aim to build an inclusive workplace and 

society. We work with Singapore agency SG Enable to provide 

training, internship and employment opportunities for persons with 

disabilities (PwD). Singtel is one of the eight founding companies 

of the Singapore Business Network on DisAbility (SBNoD), an 

organisation that advances equitable employment opportunities for 

PwD through awareness, shared expertise, network and resources.

As co-chair of SBNoD, we support SG Enable’s mentorship and 

internship programmes for tertiary students with disabilities. Since 

2015, we have placed ten interns in various business units within 

Singtel and fielded 13 staff mentors from Singtel middle and top 

management for the RISE Mentorship programme. 

In Australia, our Talent Acquisition team underwent a Disability 

Confident Recruiter training and we launched a Disability Confident 

Manager e-learning module for leaders. We worked with the 

Australian Network on Disability to introduce an external mentoring 

programme that involved senior Optus leaders mentoring job seekers 

with disabilities.

MULTICULTRAL AWARENESS

With more than 24,000 employees covering different nationalities 

across our global business operations, we are proud of our cultural 

diversity.

New Hires by Age Group

Transformation Journey



Valerie Yeong-Tan - 65, 

Senior L&amp;D Executive, 

Singtel



&lt; 30 years old

Total: 1,638

885

753



30-49 years old

Total: 1,678

783

895



≥ 50 years old

Total: 166

109

57



New Hires by Gender

Male

Total: 2,339

Female

Total: 1,143

1,192

585

1,147

558

Voluntary and Involuntary Turnover 

by Age Group

Voluntary and Involuntary Turnover 

by Gender

&lt; 30 

years old

30-49 

years old

Male

≥ 50 

years old

Female

71

166

82

69

108

480

1,288

613

270

1,151

216

527

285

189

407

618

716

455

69 

484

Voluntary

1,901

1,171

Optus - 

Singtel - 

Involuntary

248

812

Optus - 

Singtel - 

Total: 3,482

Singtel

  Optus

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

23

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT




































































































At the core of our business strategy is the commitment to enable employees to be the best they can be. We place a strong emphasis on attracting 

and nurturing our talent, as well as looking after their professional growth and personal well-being during their career with us. Every employee is 

empowered to reach their full potential through regular, formal and informal performance and career development reviews with managers and 

mentors.

TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION

Developing young talent is crucial to build 

Singtel’s future capabilities amid the global 

competition for talent. Over the years, we have 

built a robust talent pool comprising interns, 

cadets, apprentices, scholars and management 

associates. We have established numerous 

strategic partnerships with tertiary institutions 

and launched our Talent Ambassador 

Programmes #SingtelLife and #OptusLife, 

where our people share their enriching work 

experience and advocate a fulfilling career with 

the Singtel Group.

During the year, we engaged 724 students -  

71 scholars, 4 apprentices and 649 interns. We 

also hired 70 young talents for our Management 

Associate and Optus Graduate programmes. 

With the increased demand for technology 

talent, we made a concerted effort to increase 

the proportion of aspiring talent specialising in 

technology-related fields, with 285 Young Tech 

Talent and 69 Young Tech Leaders.



Singtel leaders and scholars at the Singtel Scholarship Award Ceremony 2019 

INDIGENOUS TALENT PIPELINE IN 

AUSTRALIA

To support Australia’s vulnerable communities 

including Indigenous Australians while 

enhancing our talent pipeline, we partnered 

CareerTrackers, a national non-profit 

organisation that supports the long-term 

#CURIOUS, Singtel Group Digital 

Learning Platform

We launched #CURIOUS, our group-wide 

digital learning platform that features more 

than 100,000 curated courses and videos 

covering topics from technology to leadership. 

#CURIOUS complements classroom sessions, 

certification courses and on-the-job training. 

It helps employees to accelerate development 

of new competencies in analytics, automation 

and design thinking that support our business 

needs and strategic priorities.

Singtel Group’s Talent Management and Development Programmes

Aspiring Talent

• Cadet Scholarship

• Singtel Group 

Undergraduate Scholarship

• SHINE Internship

• Internship

Early Career

• Cyber Security Associates and 

Technologists

• Singtel Management Associate 

and Optus Graduate Programmes

• NEST (New Engineering 

Structured Training Programme)

• Nucleus (NCS UniCentre  

of Learning &amp; UpSkilling)

Mid-Career

• Digital Leadership 

Experience programme

• IM Talent | TechSkills 

Accelerator (TeSA) - TeSA 

Mid Career Advance

• Professional Conversion 

Programme

Leadership Development

• Regional Leadership  

in Action

• Game for Global Growth

• SCORE+ Leadership

• Management Mentoring 

and Coaching

career aspirations of Aboriginal and Torres Strait 

Islander university students. It links employers 

with students to prepare them for success at 

university and their chosen profession in their 

respective communities. In FY2020, we took 

on three Indigenous Australian students on a 

12-week paid internship. 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

We offer our people a rich and diverse range 

of training and educational programmes under 

four key learning pillars: Compliance, Company, 

Business and Future.

24

People

Human Capital Development


‘Learn, Disrupt, Win’ was the theme of our 

annual Singtel Group Learning Fiesta 2019, 

where a total of 26,843 learning places  

(face-to-face and digital learning) were 

completed between October and November. 

Our commitment to lifelong learning and 

investment in employee training were 

recognised by the SkillsFuture Employer 

Award 2019, which was presented to 

organisations that champion employees’ 

skills development and build a lifelong 

learning culture at the workplace.

EMPLOYEE HEALTH, SAFETY  

AND  WELL-BEING

The safety and security of our employees 

are our top priority, and we strive to ensure 

the physical and mental well-being of our 

people. 

During the year, we successfully re-certified 

OHSAS18001 and bizSAFE Star in Singapore 

and the AS4801 Australian Standard for 

Safety Management in Australia. This 

includes a proactive and comprehensive risk 

Training and Development Investment Breakdown by Learning Pillars

Average Training Hours



Group Chief Corporate Officer and Executive Sponsor 

Jeann Low (front) at the Health and Wellness Carnival 

2019 that drew the participation of over 300 employees

assessment to enhance workplace resilience, 

productivity, effectiveness and quality of life 

of all workers.

As workplace safety is everyone’s 

responsibility, we have regular communication 

with employees and partners so that everyone 

is aware and knows how to handle workplace 

risks. We also promoted mutual respect 

to support our frontline staff from facing 

customer abuse and intimidation in Australia.

Employee wellness is integral to our human 

capital management. We regularly review  

staff requests and introduce new activities  

and interest groups such as music, pets and  

a holistic Lifestyle Intervention Programme  

for employees with chronic conditions  

that comprises an exercise regime, nutrition 

guidance and pre/post measures. The Singtel  

Recreation Club (SRC) also plays an important 

role in promoting a balanced lifestyle while 

fostering camaraderie at work.

In Singapore, employees can engage a 24x7 

professional and confidential hotline to 

assist with various work-life and job-related 

issues. There are also curated mental well-

being modules in #CURIOUS and regular 

mindfulness sessions for staff. In Australia, we 

have set up the HR Critical Incident Hotline 

through which leaders can approach trained 

HR specialists for on-ground support and 

coordination when there is serious concern for 

an employee’s mental health and well-being.

For our efforts, we were recognised by the 

Health Promotion Board with the 2019 

Singapore HEALTH Award (Excellence) for our 

workplace health and wellness programmes.

Staff Injury Types by Number and Gender

TRAFFIC RELATED

ACCIDENT

SLIP, TRIP AND

FALL

FALL FROM

HEIGHT

KNOCK ON A MOVING/

STATIONARY OBJECT

OTHERS

2 cases

1 case

7 cases

5 cases

0 case

4 cases

0 case

4 cases

1 case

2 cases

M: 2 F: 0 

M: 1 F: 0

M: 1 F: 6 

M: 4 F: 1

M: 0 F: 0 

M: 4 F: 0

M: 0 F: 0 

M: 3 F: 1

M: 1 F: 0 

M: 1 F: 1

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

FY2020

FY2019

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

1

2.4

3.4

3.8

5.5

9.2

1.5

2.3

3.4

2.1

8.7

0.5

Compliance

Company

Business

Future

(S$ million)

(hours)

40.2

34.8

28.9

32.7

18.4

19.6

Training and 

Development 

Investment

Singtel

FY2020: S$14.6 million

FY2019: S$15.6 million

Optus

FY2020: A$7.8 million

FY2019: A$10.7 million

Singtel Group

FY2020: S$21.9 million

FY2019: S$26.1 million

Optus

Singtel

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

25

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


People

SINGTEL

OPTUS

SINGTEL GROUP

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Total employees by gender

Male

 7,842 

8,136

8,455

 5,307 

5,298

6,021

 13,149 

13,434

14,476

Female

 4,303 

4,453

4,640

 2,356 

2,459

2,847

 6,659 

6,912

7,487

Total employees

 12,145 

12,589

13,095

 7,663 

7,757

8,868

 19,808 

20,346

21,963

Total employees by employment contract and gender 

Regular employees (Male)

 6,650 

6,630

7,136

 5,236 

5,224

5,929

 11,886 

11,854

13,065

Contract employees (Male) 

 1,192 

1,506

1,319

 71 

74

92

 1,263 

1,580

1,411

Regular employees (Female)

 3,743 

3,855

4,148

 2,307 

2,413

2,799

 6,050 

6,268

6,947

Contract employees (Female)

 560 

598

492

 49 

46

48

 609 

644

540

Total regular employees by employment type and gender 

Full time (Male)

 6,643 

8,112

8,449

 4,675 

4,612

5,307

 11,318 

12,724

13,756

Part time (Male)

 7 

24

6

 632 

686

714

 639 

710

720

Full time (Female)

 3,734 

4,432

4,623

 1,779 

1,788

2,058

 5,513 

6,220

6,681

Part time (Female)

 9 

21

17

 577 

671

789

 586 

692

806

Total employees by age group

&lt;30 years old

20%

20%

21%

23%

24% 

23%

21%

21% 

22%

30-49 years old

61%

61%

59%

59%

59% 

60%

60%

60% 

59%

≥50 years old

19%

19%

20%

18%

17%

17%

19%

19% 

19%

Gender mix by employee category (% female)

Operations and Support

41%

41%

41%

39%

40% 

42%

41%

40% 

41%

Professional

32%

32%

31%

29%

29%

29%

30%

31% 

30%

Middle and Top Management

34%

34%

33%

22%

22% 

21%

28%

27% 

26%

• Middle Management

34%

34%

33%

22%

22%

21%

28%

28% 

26%

• Top Management

33%

31%

29%

10%

9%

9%

26%

24% 

22%

Salary ratio (female:male)1

Operations and Support

0.99 : 1

1 : 0.98

1 : 0.99

1 : 0.95

1 : 0.96

1 : 0.96

1 : 0.97

1 : 0.98

1 : 0.97

Professional

0.96 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.98 : 1

0.95 : 1

0.95 : 1

0.96 : 1

0.95 : 1

0.95 : 1

0.97 : 1

Middle Management

0.96 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.98 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.94 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.98 : 1

Bonus ratio (female:male)2

Operations and Support

1 : 0.96

1 : 0.98

–

0.99 : 1

0.91 : 1

–

1 : 0.98 

0.97 : 1

–

Professional

0.99 : 1

0.99 : 1

–

0.93 : 1

0.91 : 1

–

0.96 : 1

0.95 : 1

–

Middle Management

1 : 0.87

1 : 0.85

–

 0.88 : 1

0.90 : 1

–

1 : 0.98

1 : 0.96

–

New employee hires

14.1%

15.7%

17.4%

23.1%

18.6% 

19.7%

17.6%

16.8% 

18.3%

New employee hires by age

&lt;30 years old

6.2%

7.5% 

8.0%

11.5%

10.1% 

10.8%

8.3%

8.5%

 9.1%

30-49 years old

7.4%

7.6% 

8.7%

10.2%

7.3% 

7.9%

8.5%

7.5% 

8.4%

≥50 years old

0.5%

0.6% 

0.7%

1.4%

1.2% 

1.0%

0.8%

0.8% 

0.8%

New employee hires by gender

Male

9.5%

10.7% 

12.2%

15.5%

11.8% 

12.9%

11.8%

11.2% 

12.5%

Female

4.6%

5.0%

5.2%

7.6%

6.8%

6.8%

5.8%

5.6%

5.8%

26

People

People Performance Indicators


People

SINGTEL

OPTUS

SINGTEL GROUP

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Employee voluntary turnover

15.7%

18.3% 

17.1%

15.3%

17.0% 

15.4%

15.5%

17.8% 

16.4%

Employee turnover by age

&lt;30 years old

• Voluntary

4.0%

5.4% 

5.5%

8.1%

8.2%

8.1%

5.5%

6.5% 

6.6%

• Involuntary

0.6%

0.6%

–

2.8%

3.3%

–

1.4%

1.6%

–

30-49 years old

• Voluntary

9.5%

10.6% 

10.0%

6.3%

7.4% 

6.2%

8.3%

9.3% 

8.4%

• Involuntary

0.9%

0.6%

–

5.3%

4.2%

–

2.6%

2.0%

–

≥50 years old

• Voluntary

2.2%

2.3% 

1.6%

0.9%

1.4% 

1.1%

1.7%

2.0%

1.4%

• Involuntary

0.6%

0.3%

–

2.5%

9.2%

–

1.3%

3.7%

–

Employee turnover by gender

Male

• Voluntary

10.6%

12.4% 

11.1%

9.4%

10.6% 

9.7%

10.1%

11.7% 

10.5%

• Involuntary

1.4%

0.9%

–

6.9%

10.9%

–

3.5%

4.7%

–

Female

• Voluntary

5.1%

5.9% 

6.0%

5.9%

6.4% 

5.7%

5.4%

6.1% 

5.9%

• Involuntary

0.7%

0.6%

–

3.7%

5.8%

–

1.8%

2.6%

–

Total training investment ($million)

S$14.6

S$15.6

S$17.7

A$7.8

A$10.7

A$12.4

S$21.9

S$26.1

S$30.7

Average training hours per employee

40.2

34.8

30.6

19.6

18.4

20.6

32.7

28.9

26.7

Average training hours by gender

Male

44.2

37.0

31.6

19.1

17.8

20.2

34.3

29.5

26.8

Female

33.1

31.0

28.9

20.9

19.8

21.6

29.4

27.6

26.5

Average training hours by employee category

Operations and Support

29.7

31.6

23.3

30.4

27.6

29.3

29.9

30.7

24.7

Professional

47.7

37.2

37.2

17.7

16.1

19.1

35.8

28.7

29.2

Middle Management and above

28.6

32.0

22.0

14.8

17.4

15.7

21.4

24.2

18.5

Employee health and safety3

Workplace injury incidence rate

0.8

1.5 

2.1

2.1

2.2

4.1

1.3

1.8

2.9

Workplace injury frequency rate

0.4

0.7

0.9

1.2

1.3

2.8

0.7

0.9

1.5

• Workplace injury frequency rate (Male)

0.2

0.6 

0.6

1.4

1.4

2.3

0.6

0.8

1.1

• Workplace injury frequency rate (Female)

0.6

0.9

1.6

0.8

1.0

4.0

0.7

0.9

2.2

Workplace injury severity rate

7.9

12.9

14.7

8.3

16.7

7.3

8.1

14.1

12.4

• Workplace injury severity rate (Male)

4.6

10.9

6.0

11.1

22.7

9.7

6.8

14.8

7.2

• Workplace injury severity rate (Female)

14.1

16.6

30.6

1.7

2.6

1.6

10.6

12.6

22.8

Absenteeism rate

0.022

0.021

0.018

0.017

0.017

0.015

0.020

0.019

0.017

• Absenteeism rate (Male)

0.019

0.017

0.015

0.014

0.015

0.014

0.017

0.016

0.014

• Absenteeism rate (Female)

0.029

0.028

0.024

0.024

0.021

0.017

0.027

0.026

0.021

Occupational disease rate

0

0

0

0

0.8

0.7

0

0.2

0.2

• Occupational disease rate (Male)

0

0

0

0

0.7

0.5

0

0.2

0.2

• Occupational disease rate (Female)

0

0

0

0

1.0

1.1

0

0.3

0.3

Fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Footnotes:

1. Based on average monthly salary of regular employees.

2. Based on average annual bonus of regular employees.

3. Workplace health and safety metrics are based on the International Labour Organization (ILO) definitions, subject to country definition of lost work shifts e.g. Optus excludes weekends from medical leave when 

calculating these rates.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

27

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


The Singtel Group is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen in all the markets where we operate, 

driving positive and sustainable change for our communities.

OUR APPROACH

The Singtel Group supports the advancement of the 

communities we operate, guided by our community 

strategy and investment framework (see Figure 1).  

We can play a significant role in enabling the 

progress, development and inclusion of vulnerable 

segments of society. We aim to make a positive 

and sustainable impact in society through the skills 

and core competencies in our collective resources 

of partnerships, programmes and staff engagement 

initiatives. 

In Singapore, our community programmes and 

approach are aligned with the National Council of 

Social Service (NCSS) Strategic Thrusts 2017-2021, 

which have been co-developed with the people, 

private and public (3P) sectors, to work towards a 

shared vision where every person is empowered to 

live with dignity in a caring and inclusive society. We 

are one of the few key private sector representatives 

on the NCSS strategic review committee which  

aims to foster collaboration and knowledge sharing 

across sectors.

We adopt a similar people-centred approach in 

Australia. We connect groups and individuals to 

opportunities, empower them and drive impactful 

change with emphasis on youth and disadvantaged 

groups. Our community strategy contributes 

towards the various UN SDGs: 3, 4, 8, 9, 10 and 11.

*Our community investment figure, which includes direct financial support, in-kind charitable sponsorships and staff volunteering hours, has been verified by the  

London Benchmarking Group (LBG).

Figure 1:

Singtel Group’s Strategic Community Investment Framework

Singtel Group’s Community Investment*









Digital Citizenship 

and Online Safety

Inclusion and  

Well-being

Education and

Employability

Product

Technology

and Innovation

Capability

and

Competence

To enable the 

inclusion and well-

being of people, and 

help them realise their 

potential through our 

digital technologies 

and innovative 

programmes

Staff

Engagement

and Volunteerism

Corporate

Philanthropy

Partners and

Associates



Singtel Optus Singtel Group



S$8.62

A$14.67

S$22.34

FY2020



S$11.68

A$8.72

S$20.31

FY2019

($ million)

28

Community

The Most Connected Communities

05


INCLUSION OF VULNERABLE GROUPS

Singtel Touching Lives Fund (STLF) is our 

flagship corporate philanthropy programme 

supporting the education of children and 

youth with special needs in Singapore. Our 

six beneficiary schools are: APSN Chaoyang 

School, APSN Tanglin School, APSN Delta 

Senior School, Cerebral Palsy Alliance 

Singapore School, Eden School and MINDS 

Lee Kong Chian Gardens School. 

The schools offer each student a 

customised curriculum based on their 

abilities and needs, with the aim of 

maximising their potential towards 

independent living and integration into the 

community. We also support these students 

in areas such as open and sheltered 

employment, internships, vocational 

training and day activity centres. 

We engage our employees, business 

partners, customers and members of the 

public through various activities to raise 

funds for the six schools. The company pays 



Chua Sock Koong, Group CEO, and Yuen Kuan Moon, Chairman of Singtel Touching Lives Fund and CEO Consumer 

Singapore presenting a S$1.2 million cheque to Phillip Tan, Chairman of ComChest at the Singtel Charity Golf 2019



Minister of Education Ong Ye Kung flagging off with Singapore Cancer Society and Singtel management members at 

the Singtel-Singapore Cancer Society Race Against Cancer 2019 

Race Against Cancer

Fighting cancer continues to be a cause 

close to the hearts of many. Singtel 

Group provides support for significant 

fundraising events for this cause in both 

Singapore and Australia.  

We continued to be the title sponsor of 

Singtel-Singapore Cancer Society Race 

Against Cancer 2019 for the 11th year, a 

run that raises funds for cancer patients 

and their families. We also donated 

S$250,000 to support the Society’s 

Help the Children and Youth Programme 

that was set up to improve the lives of 

children affected by cancer.

for the fundraising costs of these activities so that every dollar raised goes to the beneficiary 

schools. With an additional top-up donation from Singtel, we raised S$3 million in 2019, 

bringing our total funds raised for STLF to S$45 million since its inception in 2002.

During the year, we also donated S$3.67 million to non-STLF charitable organisations and 

contributed about S$600,000 of in-kind sponsorships that include telecommunications and 

media services to charities, social enterprises and nation-building activities in Singapore.

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

29

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


ABCN

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Number of 

mentor roles

516

480

540

438

399

Volunteering 

hours

3,706

3,496

3,537

2,847

2,515

Number of 

programmes

16

35

41

36

39

Students

420

1,126

1,160

1,118

720





2019 also marked our tenth year as the major 

sponsor of Tour de Cure, a charity that hosts 

a cycle, ride and walk to raise funds for cancer 

research, support and prevention programmes 

in Australia. Optus staff raised A$94,000 for 

Tour de Cure. 

To help Singapore’s ageing population, we 

look for new ways to leverage our strengths in 

info-communications technology. During the 

year, we supported Changi General Hospital’s 

CareLine, a 24-hour telephone befriending 

service for the elderly. The programme serves 

over 5,000 seniors today, checking on their 

well-being and reminding them of medical 

appointments and medication regularly. We 

supported 1,000 vulnerable seniors under 

CareLine with free mobile phone services as 

part of Singtel’s efforts to promote digital 

inclusion and well-being.

Bridging the digital divide in Australia



We scaled Donate Your Data in December 2019 to help disadvantaged young people 

bridge the digital divide. We want to enable them to stay connected online and have 

equal access to the same resources and opportunities as the rest of Australia.

This initiative allows our mobile customers to donate data to the disadvantaged youths. 

This is on top of the free SIM card, unlimited national talktime and text with 10GB data 

that we provide to each young beneficiary of our charity partners.  

Our customers have since donated several million GB of data. More than 13,000 students 

in The Smith Family’s Learning for Life programme and the KARI Foundation will benefit 

from Donate Your Data. Click here to find out more.



We continue to work closely with the 

Australian Business and Community Network 

(ABCN), of which we are a founding member, 

to improve opportunities and outcomes 

for vulnerable youth in high-needs schools 

across Australia. During the year, 399 Optus 

employees mentored 720 students across 39 

programmes, contributing 2,515 volunteering 

hours. One of our staff mentors even received 

the ABCN ‘Super Mentor’ award!



“We believe all Australians should be 

able to stay connected and not feel 

disadvantaged. By giving a mobile service 

to participants of the programme and 

inviting our customers to donate their 

unused data, we are providing much 

needed internet access to young people 

who need it most.”

KELLY BAYER ROSMARIN

Optus CEO

Digital inclusion programme for the vulnerable seniors

Optus mentor sharing interviewing tips with high  

school students

30

Community

The Most Connected Communities


ENGAGING OUR PEOPLE

The way we engage the community and involve our people 

through general and skilled volunteering is a key driver of our staff 

engagement. 

We encourage our people to volunteer on an individual or team 

basis. We believe that active employee volunteerism not only helps 

the community, but also contributes to the holistic development of 

our people in terms of empathy, perspective and character building.

In addition to giving our employees paid volunteer leave, we 

encourage business units to adopt VolunTeaming, our concept 

of teambuilding with a volunteering element, to support the 

vulnerable segments of the community.

In Australia, we encourage staff volunteerism through our staff portal 

yes4good, where they can make donations, sign up for volunteering 



opportunities and raise funds for the community or environmental 

causes they are passionate about. We are proud that Optus was 

recognised by the Good Company in 2019 for being one of the best 

workplaces in Australia to give back.

Singtel 

Carnival

FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020

Total

Number of 

students 

with special 

needs 

800

1,000

1,500

1,400

1,600

6,300

Number 

of staff 

volunteers

1,500

1,700

2,000

1,700

1,800

8,700

Singtel Carnival 2019





The annual Singtel Carnival is a mass volunteering platform for our 

staff. It is Singapore’s largest carnival that is designed for children 

with special needs to have fun. In its seventh year, Singtel Carnival 

2019 was organised by 1,800 staff volunteers and attended by 

more than 1,600 students with special needs from 14 Special 

Education schools. We were also joined by 200 staff volunteers 

from the Singapore Business Network on DisAbility (SBNoD) who 

chaperoned the students.

Cactus

1.........$6

2........$10

Students with special needs enjoying themselves at our annual Singtel Carnival

Staff volunteers accompanying students to visit our 50 stalls of games, activities 

and food 

Staff Volunteering Hours

FY2020

FY2019

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

11,487

13,503

26,709

28,226

13,206

16,739

(hours)

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

31

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


BETTER TOGETHER 2019

The Singtel Group believes in contributing back to the communities in markets where we operate. We have been extending our general and skilled 

volunteering outreach efforts to support the regional communities in collaboration with our associates. In its ninth year, our annual overseas 

volunteering programme Better Together saw about 100 staff volunteers from Singtel, Optus, Airtel, AIS and Globe participate in four expeditions to 

Australia, India, the Philippines and Thailand.

Philippines since 2011

Better Together in the Philippines 2019 saw six volunteers 

from Singtel and 20 from Globe carry out classroom 

clean-ups and conduct a sport clinic in Brigada Eskwela, 

ADBSA Aeta Elementary School located at Iba Botanicals, 

Zambales in the Philippines. 

They also learnt pioneering reforestation techniques 

through the nursery activities as part of this community 

and environment volunteering programme.

India since 2017

Our regional associate Bharti Airtel and its philanthropy arm Bharti 

Foundation hosted a team of 29 Better Together in India volunteers 

from Singtel, Optus and Optus’ partners, [24]7 and Concentrix, to bring 

education to girls in rural communities in Amritsar, India.

These schools are part of Bharti Foundation’s flagship rural education 

initiative - the Satya Bharti School Programme, which provides quality and 

free education at elementary and secondary levels in rural India, with an 

emphasis on keeping girls in school.

Thailand since 2015

Better Together in Thailand is our skilled volunteering 

programme. In 2019, 24 volunteers from Singtel, Globe 

and AIS mentored 40 Thai undergraduates and high school 

students from AIS’ Good Kids Great Hearts programme 

held at Suan Sampran Rose Garden, Thailand to help them 

improve their competence in conversational English while 

improving their overall confidence.

Australia since 2019

The inaugural Better Together in Australia 2019 had a team of nine people from 

Optus and Singtel who visited the Northern Territory to participate in an immersion 

experience for our people in Indigenous Australian communities. This included 

providing opportunities to build cultural awareness and understanding of Aboriginal 

and Torres Strait Islander cultures, histories and achievements. 

Over A$6,000 was donated to the Balunu Foundation, which aims to provide hope 

for Indigenous Australian youth and families by breaking the cycle of disadvantage 

through good health, education, life skills, opportunity, training and employment.









32

Community

The Most Connected Communities


DIGITAL CITIZENSHIP AND  

ONLINE SAFETY

Our increasingly digital lifestyles and the 

prevalence of digital devices have inevitably 

given rise to unintended consequences as 

children and youth are becoming vulnerable 

to device and gaming addiction, inappropriate 

online content and cyber bullying.

The Singtel Group aims to play a proactive 

role in mitigating such risks through 

education and promotion of responsible 

digital citizenship among vulnerable groups of 

children, youths and customers. 

Since FY2014, the Singtel Group Digital 

Thumbprint Programme has formed strategic 

partnerships with leading organisations in 

this field like DQ Institute, Kids Helpline and 

TOUCH Cyber Wellness. We supported more 

than 114,000 students during the year and 

more than 540,000 students, parents and 

educators in Singapore and Australia in the 

last five years to be safe, responsible and 

positive in the digital world.

Digital Intelligence or DQ is a comprehensive 

set of digital competencies required to thrive 

in the fourth industrial revolution, which is 

entrenched in digital citizenship that enables 

individuals to use technology safely and 

responsibly. Visit www.dqinstitute.org for 

more information.



Optus teaches thousands of high school students to be 

online safety champions

As a key player in Australia’s digital community, we are committed 

to nurturing a safe and positive online environment through digital 

education programmes targeted at youth. 

We deliver our government accredited Digital Thumbprint programme 

in classrooms with trained facilitators to over 38,000 high school 

students annually across Australia, including regional communities. 

Our programme equips them with simple and effective tools to 

support positive online behaviours.

Digital Thumbprint with Kids Helpline is an early intervention 

programme delivered free to primary schools that brings counsellors 

into classrooms, creating a safe environment where students discuss 

positive online behaviours and interactions. Each year, we engage with 

more than 13,000 primary school students through this programme.



Former Optus CEO Allen Lew addressing secondary school students and 

teachers during a Digital Thumbprint workshop in regional NSW, Australia

The #DQEveryChild programme targets 

primary school children under 12. While 

we believe that good behaviours must 

be inculcated from young, they must be 

reinforced by parents at home. Hence, next 

year, we are looking at a concerted outreach 

effort to parents and adults to help them 

improve their own digital well-being and that 

of their family.

Singtel is proud to continue to be DQ 

Institute’s strategic partner and support its 

inaugural Child Online Safety Index (COSI), 

the world’s first real-time analytic platform 

to help countries better monitor the status 

of their children’s online safety. Launched 

on Safer Internet Day 2020, COSI is the 

culmination of three years of data collected 

through #DQEveryChild. The programme 

started with Singtel’s support to roll out the 

programme to over 70,000 primary school 

students in Singapore and quickly expanded 

globally in collaboration with the World 

Economic Forum and over 100 partner 

organisations.

• 60% of children aged 8-12 

face cyber risks, which  

include cyber bullying, 

reputational risks and 

risky content

• 52% of Singaporean 

and 59% of Australian 

teenagers are likely to be 

at risk of cyber bullying

Key findings from COSI

ALERT

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

33

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


Singtel co-hosted with DQ Institute 

a Child Online Safety roundtable 

at Singtel@8George with more 

than 40 key stakeholders from 17 

corporations, community partners 

and government agencies. The 

roundtable shared findings from 

the COSI Index and fostered 

conversations on how the data 

can equip policymakers, parents 

and like-minded partners to work 

collaboratively to tackle child online 

safety issues.





Inaugural Child Online Safety roundtable 

“Everyone in society has a role 

to play. Businesses, from social 

media and telecommunications to 

hardware and gaming companies, 

should make child online safety a 

core business principle.

 

Companies should also partner 

with schools to help tackle cyber 

bullying. Governments must back 

stronger online safety for children 

and families. 

Most importantly, parents must be 

aware that they can make changes 

and reduce online harm. Just like a 

regular health-check, parents can 

monitor and improve their child 

online safety and their digital 

parenting. Helping children better 

manage their digital use from an 

early age is a necessary starting 

point for mitigating cyber risks.”



DR PARK YUHYUN 

Founder, DQ Institute

The results showed the need for urgent 

collective action to make the internet a 

safer place for our children, especially with 

the prevalence of digital media and devices. 

Cyber wellness has been a key thrust 

of Singtel’s community sustainability 

efforts. Through our Digital Thumbprint 

programme and work with partners such as 

the DQ Institute, we seek to equip children 

with the knowledge and digital skills to be 

safe, responsible and positive online from 

an early age.

A healthy discussion by various stakeholders on tackling child online safety issues

With the launch of COSI, stakeholders 

can more effectively identify areas for 

improvement, and work on coordinated 

responses on a community, national and 

global level to minimise the risks and 

maximise the benefits of the digital world for 

children.

We are working with TOUCH to revamp 

Help123, Singapore’s first one-stop cyber 

wellness helpline for youth. It started as a 

strategic pilot partnership with the National 

Council of Social Service in July 2017 that 

offered counselling services to children and 

youth. We found that parents and educators 

were more likely than children and youth to 

use the cyber wellness helpline. 

Help123’s next stage of development is to 

incorporate our notAnoobie parenting and 

cyber wellness resource which Singtel co-

created with TOUCH in 2013. Help123 will be 

an integrated and comprehensive platform 

to meet the growing needs of parents and 

educators to handle cyber wellness issues 

faced by their young in this digital era.

34

Community

The Most Connected Communities




Singtel Future Makers alumni sharing their assistive technology solutions with SBNoD 

members: XCLR8 on remote rehabilitation and Embodied Sensing on smart-inclusive 

sensing technologies 

EDUCATION AND EMPLOYABILITY

A key community focus for the Singtel Group is to support persons 

with disabilities (PwD) and empower them to lead independent lives, 

by improving their current employability to be future-ready for the 

jobs of tomorrow. 

We play an active role in connecting with the broader ecosystem of 

partners to advance the disability employment agenda. Together with 

like-minded companies, Singtel was one of the eight companies that 

founded the Singapore Business Network on DisAbility (SBNoD) to 

advance equitable employment opportunities for PwD. As the  

co-chair of SBNoD, we continued to support SG Enable’s mentorship 

and internship programmes for tertiary students with disabilities, 

as well as university career fairs and CV clinics. During the year, we 

worked with Autism Resource Centre of Singapore to conduct an 

autism awareness talk for our staff. 

As part of our ongoing commitment to helping disadvantaged 

youth in Australia achieve their potential and improve their future 

employability, we created Pathways 2 Employment. Now in its fourth 

year, the programme equips young people with job interview skills 

focused on the retail sector.

During the year, 75 Optus Retail employees coached and supported 

172 students from disadvantaged backgrounds across eight 

workshops held in Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. 

20 students successfully gained employment with us. The programme 

also benefits our staff mentors who improved their coaching and 

leadership skills. 

Pathways 2 

Employment

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Number of 

students

60

160

149

172

Number of 

mentors

24

67

68

75

Number of jobs 

offered

6

10

22

20

Our Indigenous Australian talent pipeline

To achieve the best outcomes for Australia’s vulnerable 

communities including Indigenous Australians and also 

enhance our talent pipeline, we partnered CareerTrackers, a 

national non-profit organisation supporting the long-term 

career aspirations of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander 

university students.

CareerTrackers links students with employers to prepare 

students for success at university, their chosen profession 

and in their respective communities. During the year, we took 

on three Indigenous Australian interns for a 12-week paid 

internship. 



We also support Indigenous Australian youth through our partnership 

with the KARI Foundation. Through our Optus Scholarship 

programme, staff mentors coached 20 KARI Indigenous scholarship 

students in New South Wales to provide one-on-one support with 

study and job seeking needs. Students also have access to other 

programmes such as Digital Thumbprint. 

Our staff mentors guiding KARI’s Optus Scholarship holders in a series of interactive 

career and interview workshops

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

35

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


The Singtel Group is committed to being a responsible and innovative leader in the markets where we 

operate. Our strategy is underpinned by delivering an unparalleled customer experience while embracing 

responsible business practices across our operations and supply chain.

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

Our customer experience strategy focuses on 

giving the best value and experience to our 

customers and continuously deepening our 

engagement and relationship with them.

We constantly refresh the ways we engage 

and serve customers, whose lifestyles 

have gone increasingly digital due to the 

proliferation of mobile devices. 

We have digitised our retail experience, 

operations and call centres to improve 

customer experience and increase business 

productivity.

Singtel once again clinched the Readers’ 

Choice award for Best Fibre Broadband Service 

Provider and Best Telco for the 11th year 

running at the annual HWM + HardwareZone 

Tech Awards 2020, and the inaugural Best 

Mobile Data Roaming Service Provider award. 

Since 2013, we have been recognised for our 

commitment to customer satisfaction as 

we retained our number one position on the 

Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore 

(CSISG). We also continue to improve our 

customer journey through annual tracking of 

our Group Consumer Transactional Overall 

Experience scores, from 76% in 2015 to an 

all-time high of 91% in 2019.

We were ranked as Australia’s strongest 

brand in Brand Finance’s Top 100 list for 

excellent customer service and value. Our 

brand strength score increased 4% due to 

improved brand reputation, familiarity and 

recommendation. During the year, a cross-

functional team was set up across the business 

to resolve about 50 pain points to improve 

customer service and satisfaction, such as 

voice-to-text service for our hearing impaired 

customers.

In Singapore, for every 10 customer 

complaints via the media, our website and 

management, we received 75 compliments in 

FY2020, up from 29 last year.

In Australia, the monthly average for 

Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman 

(TIO) complaints for phone and internet users 

about Optus was 2,389 complaints, a 13% 

decrease from a year ago.

PRODUCT AND SERVICE QUALITY

The Singtel Group is committed to offering 

our customers a great network and service 

experience. We continuously enhance the 

reach, reliability and quality of our networks in 

Singapore and Australia.

ENHANCING NETWORK RELIABILITY

Ensuring consistency in network and service 

performance is critical. We therefore continue 

to invest in new mobile base stations and 

upgrade our technologies, systems and 

infrastructure. 

During the year, we completed the 

construction of the 4,600-kilometre 

INDIGO West and 4,600-kilometre INDIGO 

Central submarine cable systems linking 

Southeast Asia to Perth and Sydney in 

Australia respectively. We also enhanced our 

network in the Southern Hemisphere with 

the construction of Southern Cross NEXT, a 

new cable system connecting Australia, New 

Zealand and the United States.

These submarine cable systems will boost 

our communications infrastructure with 

high-speed capacity and network diversity, 

accelerating the rollout of next generation 

technologies across the Asia Pacific region 

to benefit all our consumers and corporate 

customers.

Our total capital investment was S$2 billion in 

FY2020 (Singtel S$682 million, Optus A$1.4 

billion). Of this investment, S$181 million and 

A$895 million were invested in our mobile 

networks in Singapore and Australia.

Fiji

Australia

United

States

Hawaii

Tokelau

New Zealand























































































































SOUTHERN CROSS 

CABLE NETWORK

Kiribati

Southern Cross NEXT connects Australia, New Zealand and the United States

36

Marketplace and Customers

The Best Experience

06


Singtel UNBOXED 

Singapore’s first, next generation unmanned retail pop-up store

Convenience, experience, ambience and sustainability are key customer offerings of UNBOXED



We launched Singtel UNBOXED in June 2019 

to complement our retail footprint. Its unique 

design, including solar panels, allows customers 

to buy handsets, replace SIM cards and sign 

up for plans 24x7 easily. Measuring 45 square 

metres, UNBOXED is built with a modular 

structure to enable easy transportation to 

different locations. 

For store security in an unmanned environment, 

we adopted the Sentinel Security Solution 

provided by our wholly-owned subsidiary NCS 

for 24x7 remote surveillance and automated 

security control. The system has numerous IoT 

sensors and surveillance cameras that trigger 

alerts to our central security office when 

misdeeds are detected. 

INTELLIGENT DESIGN



Singtel UNBOXED utilises technology such as facial 

recognition and bots at each stage of the in-store 

journey for a seamless customer experience

Global Telecoms 

Best Digital  

Transformation Project  

(Highly commended)

Retail in Asia

Best Retail Experience

Asia 

eCommerce Awards

Best eCommerce 

Innovation (Silver)

24x7 accessibility

allows customer to make 

transactions at their 

convenience

Flexible and modular

with extendable module; 

measuring 35m2  in compact 

mode and 45m2 when 

expanded

Pop-up and portable

store concept engages our 

customers where they live, 

work and play

Hybrid powered

with two solar panels 

on the roof for a more 

environmentally friendly store



UNBOXED has received numerous 

awards and recognitions such as: 

MOVE 

ME!

Customers can purchase products by 

scanning QR codes or using the  

Video-Assisted Self-Serve Kiosks. 

Upon successful payment, they 

simply head to the in-store 

POPStation to collect their 

purchases immediately. 

In partnership with SingPost, this 

POPStation is the first of its kind with 

dynamic prefilling capabilities, enabling 

accurate forecast and replenishment of best-

selling models based on demand.



Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

37

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


INNOVATION

The Singtel Group innovates continuously and keeps abreast of 

technology advancement and changing customer needs to offer 

unparalleled services and experiences to our customers. 

5G will be a huge enabling force in the coming years, transforming our 

way of life and creating more opportunities to benefit businesses and 

the community. The Singtel Group intends to be at the forefront of 

this revolution, bringing 5G to life across Singtel in Singapore, Optus in 

Australia, as well as our regional associates. 

In Singapore, we have forged industry collaborations with strategic 

partners like Nokia and Ericsson to trial 5G network capabilities 

through test beds and ideation labs. In June 2019, we signed an MoU 

with A*STAR and JTC to integrate 5G with technology such as IoT 

and Artificial Intelligence to develop next generation manufacturing 

solutions for businesses and were awarded the 5G Technology Call by 

PSA and IMDA to develop 5G use cases at the Pasir Panjang Terminal 

to transform Singapore’s future maritime operations. We successfully 

made an end-to-end 5G international video call between Singapore and 

Australia while simultaneously streaming video content on a 4G device.

With the launch of our 5G Home product, we are taking the lead in 

rolling out 5G services across Australia, becoming one of the first 

carriers globally and the first in Australia to provide a 5G Fixed Wireless 

broadband solution to consumers. We also worked with Ericsson to 



Singtel, Advanced Remanufacturing Technology Centre and JTC collaboration at Innovfest 

2019 for a 5G usage trial

(L to R) Ng Jin Yang, Manager, National Instruments, Andrew Lim, MD, Government and 

Large Enterprise, Group Enterprise, Alvin Tan, Assistant CEO, JTC, Yuen Kuan Moon, CEO, 

Consumer Singapore and Group Chief Digital Officer, Lim Boon Choon, President, APAC, 

Hexagon, David Low, CEO, Advanced Remanufacturing Technology Centre

An Optus 5G advertisement

ENSURING QUALITY STANDARDS

We ensure that services offered adhere to the Quality of Service 

standards set by the Infocomm Media Development Authority of 

Singapore (IMDA). The regulator publishes periodic performance reports 

on the various operators in Singapore covering broadband, mobile and 

fixed telephone services. We continue to exceed or meet the quality of 

service standards for service coverage, network availability, network 

latency, installation and fault repair time. These reports can be found at 

www.imda.gov.sg.

In FY2020, there was no legal action regarding anti-competitive 

behaviour or violation of anti-trust legislation against the Singtel 

Group. During the year, we paid five fines totalling S$298,000 imposed 

by IMDA and there was no non-monetary sanction against Singtel. 

This included a S$130,000 fine for a mobile network disruption in 

October 2018 which affected our voice, data and SMS services for some 

customers and a S$75,000 fine for a fixed-line service disruption in 

March 2018 that affected about 2,000 customers.



deliver Australia’s first 5G tele-operated drone that was controlled  

over a live 5G network in November 2019. We will continue to focus  

on expanding the 5G network rollout and building our customer base 

with the aim of meeting customer demand for better streaming and 

data experience.

38

Marketplace and Customers

The Best Experience


Virtual Psychologist is our 2017 Australia programme alumni and Singtel Group 

Future Makers 2019 regional finalist. As Australia’s first text counselling service 

delivered by qualified mental health professionals, Virtual Psychologist offers  

a range of text-based psychological and counselling support services to individuals 

and corporates. 

We have been working with Virtual Psychologist to expand the reach of their services, 

especially with many Australian communities facing stress from increased hardships 

and intensity of climate disasters.

To find out more about our work with them and their impact, click here.





Arthur Lang, CEO, International Group, Singtel sharing 

with our 10 regional finalists of the Singtel Group Future 

Makers 2019



Group photo after completion of the programme held at 

Singtel@8George 

Tech innovation for good: reach52 and Virtual Psychologist



reach52 aided by connectivity support from Globe to better understand the healthcare needs of the rural 

community in central Philippines

reach52, our 2017 Singapore programme alumni and Singtel Group Future Makers 

2019 regional finalist, wants to give vulnerable communities in the Philippines access 

to affordable healthcare. 

To engage and understand the needs and challenges faced by disconnected 

communities in central Philippines, we provided reach52 with over S$60,000 worth 

of funds and SIM cards for their mobile devices to conduct research and interviews. 

Within eight months, they collected 42,000 records of healthcare data from 

community residents and through their reach52 access app. That soon led to a trial 

programme with the local government healthcare providers for Vitamin A distribution 

to improve maternal and child health in the community.

SINGTEL GROUP FUTURE MAKERS 

2019

Launched in 2016, Singtel Group Future 

Makers is our social innovation accelerator 

and regional capacity building programme. 

We provide mentorship, coaching, business 

pilots and funding support to empower 

impact start-ups leveraging technology to 

address social and environmental issues in 

the community.

Singtel Group Future Makers 2019 was 

held in collaboration with the Asia Venture 

Philanthropy Network Conference 2019  

in Singapore.

Ten shortlisted start-ups from the respective 

programmes of Singtel, Optus, AIS, Globe 

and Telkomsel came together to participate 

in our regional programme. They had the 

opportunity to pitch to our business units, 

learn from thought leaders, collaborate with 

fellow participants and scale their solutions 

in the region with a total grant pool of 

S$120,000 from Singtel.

Since 2016, we have invested more than 

S$5 million in our local and regional Future 

Makers programmes.

With the COVID-19 lockdown in Australia and its associated impact on the workforce, Virtual Psychologist 

experienced a 44% increase in client management and saw a rise in domestic violence

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

39

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


The Singtel Group strives to mitigate the unintended negative impact of our products and services for our stakeholders in the marketplace. Our 

responsibility also encompasses governance and anti-corruption, safety, data privacy and fair communications.

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

As a communications company, the perceived health risks associated 

with the emission of Electromagnetic Energy (EME) from mobile 

devices, base stations and tower infrastructure remain a concern for our 

customers, community and regulators. Despite the lack of conclusive 

evidence on adverse health effects caused by device usage, we have put 

in place efforts to comply with both local and global EME standards. We 

also participate in the GSMA 5G and Health committee and ensure that 

we remain current on new findings from the International Commission 

on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) and international health 

agencies. There were no incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impact of our products and services in FY2020.

We continued to engage the National Environment Agency (NEA) in

Singapore and conducted nine radiation measurements island-wide

and at locations of concern during the year. The results showed that our

mobile base stations comply with the radio frequency radiation levels

and safety guidelines set by ICNIRP. We also ensure that the Effective

Isotropic Radiated Power or transmission power of newly commissioned

base stations are within IMDA’s guidelines.

In Australia, we conduct audits of base stations and undertake 

predictive EME modelling and testing to ensure that all sites comply 

with the regulatory standards. These EME reports are published on 

www.rfnsa.com.au. We work with industry groups such as the Australian 

Mobile Telecommunications Association and Mobile Carriers Forum to 

develop public education materials on 5G safety. 

CUSTOMER DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION 

Customer data privacy and protection is the most important topic 

identified by our stakeholders and through our materiality review. We 

take a serious view of such matters and ensure that we conduct our 

business in strict adherence to data protection laws – the Personal 

Data Protection Act (PDPA) in Singapore and the Privacy Act and 

Telecommunications Act in Australia. These cover areas such as 

collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data.

During the year, we recorded 17 incidents in Singapore, eight of  

which were referred to us by the Personal Data Protection Commission 

(PDPC). These incidents were mainly due to IT or human error,  

resulting in personal data being disclosed to the wrong party. We 

terminated the service of three employees for abusing their access  

to customer information.

In Australia, we continue to proactively probe our internal complaint 

online tracker database to check if any complaint should have been 

directed to our Data Protection Office. This will help us with analytics 

and spot systemic issues. From our active search, we picked up 250 

customer data related incidents caused mainly due to staff error and 

negligence and mostly affecting individuals. We reported one data 

breach to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner 

(OAIC) where some of our customer details were published online or 

in print by the directory services provider when our customers had 

requested not to. We also corrected these records with the directory 

services provider.

In January 2020, we engaged Dr Phill 

Knipe, a physicist with a PhD (Physics) 

specialising in ionising and non-ionising 

radiation measurement. He carried out a live 

demonstration using a spectrum radio analyser 

to measure the radio signals from our 5G base 

station at our Optus Campus in Sydney. 

The readings were well within the safety limits 

defined by Australian Radiation Protection 

and Nuclear Safety Agency (ARPANSA). Based 

on his findings, there is also no established 

health effect as a result of radio waves from 

5G networks.

More information can be found at our website. 



EME measurement and modelling from our 5G base station

Dr Phill Knipe (right), did a live demonstration of 5G radio signal measurement at our Optus Campus in Sydney

40

Marketplace and Customers

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices


We continue to educate our staff and improve practices and processes to reduce the recurrence of data breaches. Each employee must 

complete an online privacy training annually and we have also conducted targeted training with the customer service teams both onshore and 

offshore through formal face-to-face sessions or informal meetings. 

PDPC did not impose non-monetary sanctions against Singtel over these incidents. However, the regulator imposed two fines totalling 

S$34,000 for not putting in place reasonable security measures to protect customers’ personal data which led to unauthorised disclosure of 

some of our customer information on MySingtel app.



















































































































































Governance

Group Chief Information Officer is our Data 

Protection Officer and reports to the Board Risk 

Committee on this topic. 

Training

Since FY2018, every 

employee in Singapore 

and Australia must 

complete an annual 

mandatory online 

privacy training. We 

continue to raise 

awareness of the 

importance of privacy 

security through 

training and shared 

learning. 

We also implement 

additional safeguards 

against mishandling of 

information by staff.

Communication

All line managers must place emphasis 

on data protection and share case studies 

and learnings with their teams to drive 

awareness and behavioural changes so 

that everyone is vigilant when handling 

customer data.

We issue regular e-newsletters to help 

our staff understand and comply with the 

data privacy and protection laws.

Business Risk Assessment

We conduct data protection impact 

assessments on projects to identify any 

potential data risks and recommend 

measures to mitigate the risks.

We carry out regular compliance checks 

to ensure that our business processes 

adhere to the local data privacy and 

protection laws.

Trustwave Fusion Platform supports customers on handling cyber threats

With cyber threats increasing in 

frequency and sophistication, 

businesses are turning to Singtel to 

protect themselves against cyber 

risks. Our newest Trustwave Fusion 

Platform features a ‘mobile Security 

Operations Centre’ that offers 

enterprises real-time insights into 

their security status, allowing them to 

respond very quickly within minutes, 

to any cyber incident thus reducing 

the cyber attacker’s potential window 

of opportunity and damage caused.



Figure 1:

Managing customer data privacy and protection

The Trustwave Fusion Centre coordinates rapid response and offers enterprises real-time cyber security insights

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 41

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


42

Marketplace and Customers

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices

FAIR MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS

Fair marketing practices and transparent communications are critical 

to build trust and loyalty with our customers. Our marketing code is 

based on various laws and guidelines such as the Singapore Code of 

Advertising Practice, which sets marketing communications guidelines 

for Singtel organisations and representatives.

There were no cases of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary 

codes concerning marketing communications in Singapore during the 

year. The Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore (ASAS) clarified 

with us on four cases from customers who felt that our promotions and 

advertisements were not clear or could be misleading. We reviewed the 

feedback and made text changes to two of our promotions accordingly.

In December 2019, the Australian Competition and Consumer 

Commission (ACCC) fined Optus A$6.4 million for misleading claims 

about home internet disconnections to consumers. We offered 

customers a cost-free exit from contracts signed due to such claims. 

Optus was fined A$504,000 in January 2020 by the Australian 

Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) for breaching spam 

laws. We apologised to our customers and took prompt action to 

address the issues. We will also undertake an independent review of 

our systems and processes in our Australian operations to tighten the 

management of marketing communications, including approval of 

marketing and advertising copy.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

We continue to manage the Group’s exposure to corruption risks by 

applying and emphasising good corporate governance, business ethics 

and transparency while applying robust internal controls in business 

processes as our core approach. 

We ensure that the Group’s zero tolerance policy towards fraud, 

corruption and unethical actions is strictly adhered to. Our Group 

policies on Fraud Investigation and the Whistleblower Programme 

underpin our fraud risk management framework and processes. The 

Singtel Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy reinforces our long-

standing zero tolerance approach to bribery and corruption of any 

form that is set out in our Code of Conduct. All Singtel Board members, 

employees and third parties who represent us such as suppliers, 

contractors and business partners, must comply with this policy at all 

times. Please refer to our website for more information on this topic 

under Corporate Governance. 

Every year, all employees must go through mandatory online refresher 

courses, including Code of Conduct, Fraud Awareness and Anti-Bribery 

and Corruption Policy. We review these mandatory courses periodically 

to ensure that the content remains up to date.  

We received 151 cases via our whistleblower channels during the year. 

Upon investigation, 46 cases were substantiated and 72 cases were 

not. 33 cases remain under investigation as at 31 March 2020. Six of 

the substantiated cases took place outside Singapore and Australia. 

In addition, we closed 35 matters received in the prior year that 

were still under investigation as at 31 March 2019, of which 14 were 

substantiated. 

Independent investigations were immediately conducted by our 

Internal Audit or teams led by subject matter experts when such cases 

were brought to our attention. When an alleged corrupt or other 

criminal act involving an employee is found to be substantiated, we will 

terminate the employment of the employee and report the matter to 

relevant law enforcement authority.

During the year, there were no incidents of staff dismissal or disciplinary 

action nor termination or non-renewal of business partners due to 

corruption. 

MOST WELL-GOVERNED AND TRANSPARENT COMPANY

Singtel was named the most well-governed and transparent company 

in Singapore for the fifth consecutive year in the Singapore Governance 

and Transparency Index 2019 by CPA Australia, NUS Business School’s 

Centre for Governance, Institutions and Organisations, and Singapore 

Institute of Directors. We scored 129 out of 143 points, topping the list 

of about 600 listed companies.

• 35 cases of employee 

misconduct, undeclared 

conflict of interest and 

inappropriate behaviour 

• 9 cases of staff fraud

• 12 cases involving 

breach of policy 

including IT security 

policies

• 4 cases of identity theft

































































































Highlights of the 60 substantiated cases:


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

43

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

Number of cases received in FY2020 via whistleblower channels

SINGTEL

OPTUS

SINGTEL 

GROUP

Received

43

108

151

Substantiated

17

29

46

Not substantiated

13

59

72

Under 

investigation

13

20

33

Number of cases under investigation as at 31 March 2019

SINGTEL

OPTUS

SINGTEL 

GROUP

Opening balance

8

27

35

Substantiated

4

10

14

Not substantiated

4

17

21

SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

The Singtel Group has an extensive supply chain ranging from mobile 

and network equipment and infrastructure suppliers, to content 

providers, security and managing agents. Given the complex nature 

and the widespread geographical presence of our supply chain, we 

believe that by collaborating with socially and environmentally 

conscious suppliers, we can mitigate a significant proportion of our 

sustainability risks and impact. Results from our Life Cycle Assessment 

(LCA) and Social Hotspot Analysis are testament to the need for 

responsible procurement practices in our business. Please refer to our 

website for more details.

All new suppliers are assessed against ESG criteria through our 

sustainability questionnaire as part of their on-boarding process. This 

applies to tenders above $200,000 across the Singtel Group. 100% 

of such new suppliers completed the assessment against the criteria 

during the year.

In Australia, we have formed an Optus Indigenous committee to 

improve our engagement with Indigenous organisations such as 

Supply Nation and identify partnership opportunities. The committee 

will plan the Indigenous strategy across both Optus Business and 

Consumer Australia, which includes raising awareness, creating 

a robust procurement plan and volunteering opportunities, and 

boosting participation in education programmes for Indigenous Youth. 

The 

Singtel Group 

contracted 

6,469

suppliers 

worldwide in 

FY2020


44

Marketplace and Customers

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices



Seven contractors who excelled in WSH practices were recognised at the inaugural Singtel 

Safety Forum &amp; Contractor Recognition Award Ceremony 

71 of our contractors categorised under the high-risk group have also 

attained the bizSAFE Star status which is the highest achievement 

under the bizSAFE programme by the WSH Council in Singapore. To 

recognise contractors for their dedication and good WSH practices, 

we launched the inaugural Singtel Safety Forum &amp; Contractor 

Recognition Award Ceremony in January 2020. Seven contractors 

who completed their three-year cycle of the SCA programme were 

recognised by our management.

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY IN OUR SUPPLY CHAIN 

We have a Third Party Service Provider security risk governance 

programme that targets third party vendors outside of offshore 

vendors. During the year, we undertook a Security Compliance 

Assessment and visited 17 offshore secure locations to ensure 

that they were set up according to the agreed regulatory security 

architecture and controls. 

During the year, we engaged supply chain expert ELEVATE to assess 

the state of our sustainable supply chain management, programmes 

and initiatives. The engagement included risk assessment and supplier 

mapping, where our suppliers were assessed according to inherent 

geographic and product risks. It will also include the enhancement of 

our sustainable supply chain management framework in the new year.

RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS

We respect and support the human rights of individuals regardless of 

who they are, and where they live. We need to prevent breaches in 

our supply chain and tackle the growing global concern on modern 

slavery.

As a signatory of the UN Global Compact since 2007, we are 

committed to upholding its ten principles, including human rights and 

labour issues. We use the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights 

and UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to guide 

policy development to help us better assess, mitigate and combat the 

impact of modern slavery in our operations and supply chain.

With the Modern Slavery Act passed in Australia in late 2018 and 

enforced in January 2019, we have reviewed and updated the Singtel 

Group Master Supply Agreement to incorporate its requirements. 

We have updated our Supplier Code of Conduct to incorporate 

measures addressing labour and human rights. We communicate this 

to suppliers at the commencement of the tender process so that they 

understand the expectations of working with us. We expect to publish 

a new Singtel Group Human Rights Policy and a Modern Slavery 

statement later this year.

SAFETY OF OUR CONTRACTORS 

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) is of paramount importance to 

the Singtel Group. We therefore want our employees, suppliers and 

contractors to have good safety habits and practices. 

We introduced in 2016 the Singtel Safe Contractor Accreditation 

(SCA) scheme, a set of Singtel’s WSH standards for contractors who 

perform high-risk technical or physical work. During the year, we 

worked closely with 98 SCA accredited contractors, who underwent 

their first year of surveillance audit to maintain the validity of their 

accreditation. Those who failed to do so were barred from obtaining 

future contracts with Singtel.  

Since the implementation of the Critical Permit to Work system, we 

assessed more than 1,600 high-risk work (e.g. confined space, work 

at height, hot work) that were carried out on our premises with no 

incident reported. We were able to achieve this through stringent 

safety checks and documentation, site enforcement and sharing of 

best practices incorporated into our operations.

In Australia, we are certified under the AS4801, the Australian 

Standard for Safety Management, which demonstrates that we 

continue to meet a high standard of safety management systems. We 

also successfully passed the audit by the Office of the Federal Safety 

Commissioner in November 2019. 

We have established an HSE Critical Incident Hotline for immediate 

reporting of serious incidents by contractors and staff. This enables 

prompt and accurate reporting of incidents that may need to be 

communicated to our Australian safety regulator immediately to 

meet legislative timeframes.

FY

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

Number of 

contractors 

accredited

8

48

62

68

98

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT


GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE NUMBER

GRI 101: 

Foundation 2016

Singtel Group Sustainability 

Report 2020

GRI 102: 

General disclosures 2016

 

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About this Report and Contents

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report

102-3

Location of headquarters

About this Report and Contents

102-4

Location of operations

About this Report and Contents

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About this Report and Contents

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report

102-7

Scale of the organisation

20, Annual Report

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

26-27

102-9

Supply chain

43-44, Website

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

About this Report and Contents

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

12-13, Website

102-12

External initiatives

8-18, 20, 22-24, 29-40, 42-44

102-13

Membership of associations

9, 13, 16, 18, 20, 22-23, 28, 30, 

35, 40

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

2-3

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Website

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

4, Website

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Website

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

20

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

5, Website

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

5, Website

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

5, Website

45

GRI Content Index

07


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Inclusion of vulnerable groups

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 201:

Economic performance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

28, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

29-32

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

29-32

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

28, Annual Report

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 203:

Indirect economic impacts 2016

Innovation

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

38, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

38-39

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

38-39

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

36

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

38-39

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE NUMBER

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

5, About this Report and 

Contents

102-47

List of material topics

5-7

102-48

Restatements of information

About this Report and Contents

102-49

Changes in reporting

About this Report and Contents

102-50

Reporting period

About this Report and Contents

102-51

Date of most recent report

About this Report and Contents

102-52

Reporting cycle

About this Report and Contents

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About this Report and Contents

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About this Report and Contents

102-55

GRI content index

Website

102-56

External assurance

About this Report and Contents, 

Website

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

46

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Anti-corruption

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 205:

Anti-corruption 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

42, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

42-43

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach 

42-43

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

42-43

Singtel

Employee health and safety

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 403: 

Occupational and safety 2018 

health

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

25, 44, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

25, 44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25, 44

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

25, 44, Website

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident 

investigation

25, 44

403-3

Occupational health services

25, 44

403-4

Worker participation, consultation and 

communication on occupational health and safety

25, 44

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

25, 44

403-6

Promotion of worker health

25, 44

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

25, 44

403-9

Work-related injuries

25, 27

Singtel Group

403-10

Work-related ill health

25, 27

Singtel Group

Talent attraction and retention

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 401: Employment 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

24, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

22-23, 26-27

Singtel

47

GRI Content Index

07


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Training and education

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 404: 

Training and education 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

24, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24-25

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

25, 27

Singtel Group

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programmes

20-21, 24-25

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

24

Singtel

Diversity and equal opportunity

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 405: 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

22, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

22-23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

22-23

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of  

women to men

26

Digital citizenship and online safety

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 413:

Local communities 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

33, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

33-34

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

33-34

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

33-34

Supply chain management

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 308: 

Supplier environmental 

assessment 2016

GRI 414:

Supplier social assessment 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

43, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

43-44

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

43-44

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

43

Singtel Group

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

43

Singtel Group

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

48

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Customer health and safety

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 416:

Customer health and safety 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

40, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

40

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

40

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

40

Singtel

Fair marketing communications

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 417:

Marketing and labeling 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

42, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

42

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

42

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications

42

Singtel

Customer data privacy and protection

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 418:

Customer privacy 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

40, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

40-41

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

40-43

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

40

Singtel

Product and service quality

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 419:

Socioeconomic compliance 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

36, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

36, 38

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

36, 38

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

38

Singtel

49

GRI Content Index

07


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Customer satisfaction

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

36, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

36

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

36

Customer satisfaction score

36

Climate change and carbon

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

12, Website  

103-2

The management approach and its components

12-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

12-18

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

19

Singtel Group

302-3

Energy intensity

19

Singtel Group

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

15, 19

Singtel

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

19

Singtel Group

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

19

Singtel Group

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

19

Singtel Group

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

19

Singtel Group

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

15, 19

Singtel

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

50

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT


MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Waste management

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 306: 

Effluents and waste 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

17-18, Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

17-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

17-18

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

19

Singtel

NON-MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

PAGE 

NUMBER

LEVEL OF 

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

Water

GRI 103:

Management approach 2016

GRI 303: 

Water and effluents 2018

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Website

103-2

The management approach and its components

Website

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Website

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

Website

303-2

Management of water discharge-related impacts

Website

303-3

Water withdrawal by source

19

Singtel

51

GRI Content Index

07


PRINCIPLE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE 

REFERENCE

HUMAN RIGHTS

Principle 1

Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 

human rights; and

20, 44

Principle 2

make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.

20, 44

LABOUR

Principle 3

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of 

the right to collective bargaining;

20

Principle 4

the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;

20, 44

Principle 5

the effective abolition of child labour; and

20, 44

Principle 6

the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

22-23

ENVIRONMENT

Principle 7

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;

2, 12-17 

Website

Principle 8

undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and

2, 12-18

Principle 9

encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

13-18

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Principle 10

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and 

bribery.

42-43

Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

52

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT

UN Global Compact Principles

08




53

Independent Limited 

Assurance Statement

09

Independent Limited Assurance Statement in connection with the Subject Matters included in 

the Sustainability Report of Singapore Telecommunications Limited (“Singtel Group”) for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2020

We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the Subject Matters set out in the Subject Matters section 

below. These Subject Matters are included in the attached Sustainability Report of Singapore Telecommunications 

Limited (“Singtel”) and Singtel Optus Pty Ltd (“Optus”) (collectively referred to as “Singtel Group”) for the financial year 

ended 31 March 2020 (“the Sustainability Report”).

SUBJECT MATTERS 

Our limited assurance engagement covers the following Subject Matters:

* Pertains to only Singtel’s Sustainability Performance Data

**Pertains to Singtel Group’s Sustainability Performance Data

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

Anti-Corruption

GRI  

205-3*

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken

a. 

Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption. 

b. 

Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or 

disciplined for corruption. 

c. 

Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners 

were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption. 

d. 

Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organisation or its 

employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.

Climate change 

and Carbon; Water  

(non-material)

GRI  

302-1**

Energy consumption 

within the organisation

a. 

Total fuel consumption within the organisation from non-renewable sources, in 

joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. 

b. 

Total fuel consumption within the organisation from renewable sources, in 

joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. 

c. 

In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: 

i. 

Electricity consumption 

ii. 

Heating consumption 

iii. Cooling consumption 

iv. Steam consumption 

d. 

In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: 

i. 

Electricity sold 

ii. 

Heating sold 

iii. Cooling sold 

iv. Steam sold 

e. 

Total energy consumption within the organisation, in joules or multiples. 

f. 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 

g. 

Source of the conversion factors used.


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

54

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 302-1, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.1.1 avoid the double-counting of fuel consumption, when reporting self-

generated energy consumption. If the organisation generates electricity 

from a non-renewable or renewable fuel source and then consumes the 

generated electricity, the energy consumption shall be counted once 

under fuel consumption; 

2.1.2 report fuel consumption separately for non-renewable and renewable fuel 

sources; 

2.1.3 only report energy consumed by entities owned or controlled by the 

organisation; 

2.1.4 calculate the total energy consumption within the organisation in joules 

or multiples using the following formula: Total energy consumption 

within the organisation = Non-renewable fuel consumed + Renewable 

fuel consumed + Electricity, heating, cooling, and steam purchased for 

consumption + Self-generated electricity, heating, cooling, and steam, 

which are not consumed (see clause 2.1.1) – Electricity, heating, cooling, 

and steam sold.

GRI  

302-3**

Energy intensity

a. Energy intensity ratio for the organisation. 

b. Organisation-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. 

c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, 

cooling, steam, or all.

d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organisation, outside of 

it, or both.

2.5 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 302-3, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.5.1  calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute energy consumption (the 

numerator) by the organisation-specific metric (the denominator); 

2.5.2  if reporting an intensity ratio both for the energy consumed within the 

organisation and outside of it, report these intensity ratios separately.

GRI 

302-4*

Reduction of energy 

consumption

a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved# as a direct result of 

conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples. 

#: reported, by Singtel, as estimated annualised energy savings and emissions avoidance 

b. Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, 

cooling, steam, or all. 

c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or 

baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.

d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.

2.7 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 302-4, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.7.1 exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or 

outsourcing; 

2.7.2 describe whether energy reduction is estimated, modelled, or sourced 

from direct measurements. If estimation or modelling is used, the 

organisation shall disclose the methods used.


55

Independent Limited 

Assurance Statement

09

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

GRI 

303-3*

Water withdrawal 

a. 

Total water withdrawal from all areas in megalitres, and a breakdown of this 

total by the following sources, if applicable: 

i. 

Surface water; 

ii. 

Groundwater; 

iii. Seawater; 

iv. Produced water; 

v. 

Third-party water. 

b. 

Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megalitres, and a 

breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: 

i. 

Surface water; 

ii. 

Groundwater; 

iii. Seawater; 

iv. Produced water; 

vi. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the  

 

withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.  

d. 

Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been 

compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.  

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 303-3, the reporting 

organisation shall use publicly available and credible tools and methodologies 

for assessing water stress in an area.

GRI  

305-1**

Direct (Scope 1)  

GHG emissions

a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 

b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, 

or all. 

c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 

d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: 

v. 

the rationale for choosing it; 

vi. 

emissions in the base year; 

vii. 

the context for any significant changes in emissions that  

 

triggered recalculations of base year emissions. 

e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates 

used, or a reference to the GWP source. 

f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or 

operational control. 

g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-1, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.1.1  exclude any GHG trades from the calculation of gross direct (Scope 1) 

GHG emissions; 

2.1.2  report biogenic emissions of CO2 from the combustion or biodegradation 

of biomass separately from the gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions. 

Exclude biogenic emissions of other types of GHG (such as CH4 and 

N2O), and biogenic emissions of CO2 that occur in the life cycle of 

biomass other than from combustion or biodegradation (such as GHG 

emissions from processing or transporting biomass).


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

56

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

GRI 

305-2**

Energy indirect  

(Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

a. 

Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons 

of CO2 equivalent. 

b. 

If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in 

metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 

c. 

If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, 

HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. 

d. 

Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: 

i. 

the rationale for choosing it; 

ii. 

emissions in the base year; 

iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that  

 

triggered recalculations of base year emissions. 

e. 

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates 

used, or a reference to the GWP source. 

f. 

Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, 

or operational control. 

g. 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 

2.3 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-2, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.3.1  exclude any GHG trades from the calculation of gross energy indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG emissions; 

2.3.2  exclude other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions that are disclosed as 

specified in Disclosure 305-3; 

2.3.3  account and report energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions based 

on the location-based method, if it has operations in markets without 

product or supplier-specific data; 

2.3.4  account and report energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions based 

on both the location-based and market-based methods, if it has any 

operations in markets providing product or supplier-specific data in the 

form of contractual instruments.

GRI  

305-3**

Other indirect  

(Scope 3) GHG 

emissions

a. 

Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 

b. 

If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, 

HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. 

c. 

Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 

d. 

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in 

the calculation. 

e. 

Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: 

i. 

the rationale for choosing it; 

ii. 

emissions in the base year; 

iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered  

 

recalculations of base year emissions. 

f. 

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates 

used, or a reference to the GWP source. 

g. 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 

2.5 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-3, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.5.1  exclude any GHG trades from the calculation of gross other indirect 

(Scope 3) GHG emissions; 

2.5.2  exclude energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions from this disclosure. 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions are disclosed as specified in 

Disclosure 305-2;


57

Independent Limited 

Assurance Statement

09

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

2.5.3  report biogenic emissions of CO2 from the combustion or biodegradation 

of biomass that occur in its value chain separately from the gross other 

indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions. Exclude biogenic emissions of other 

types of GHG (such as CH4 and N2O), and biogenic emissions of CO2 

that occur in the life cycle of biomass other than from combustion or 

biodegradation (such as GHG emissions from processing or transporting 

biomass).

GRI  

305-4**

GHG emissions 

intensity

a. 

GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organisation. 

b. 

Organisation-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. 

c. 

Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct  

(Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). 

d. 

Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, 

or all. 

2.7 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-4, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.7.1  calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute GHG emissions (the 

numerator) by the organisation-specific metric (the denominator); 

2.7.2  if reporting an intensity ratio for other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions, 

report this intensity ratio separately from the intensity ratios for direct 

(Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) emissions.

GRI  

305-5*

Reduction of  

GHG emissions

a. 

GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons 

of CO2 equivalent. 

b. 

Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, 

or all. 

c. 

Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. 

d. 

Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope 1), energy 

indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). 

e. 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 

2.9 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 305-5, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.9.1  exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or 

outsourcing; 

2.9.2  use the inventory or project method to account for reductions; 

2.9.3  calculate an initiative’s total reductions of GHG emissions as the sum of 

its associated primary effects and any significant secondary effects; 

2.9.4  if reporting two or more Scope types, report the reductions for each 

separately; 

2.9.5  report reductions from offsets separately.


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

58

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

Waste 

management

GRI 

306-2*

Waste by type and 

disposal method

a. 

Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal 

methods where applicable: 

i. 

Reuse 

ii. 

Recycling 

iii. Composting 

iv. Recovery, including energy recovery 

v. 

Incineration (mass burn) 

vi. Deep well injection 

vii. Landfill 

viii. On-site storage 

ix. Other (to be specified by the organisation) 

b. 

Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following 

disposal methods where applicable: 

i. 

Reuse 

ii. 

Recycling 

iii. Composting 

iv. Recovery, including energy recovery 

v. 

Incineration (mass burn) 

vi. Deep well injection 

vii. Landfill 

viii. On-site storage 

ix. Other (to be specified by the organisation) 

c. 

How the waste disposal method has been determined: 

i. 

Disposed of directly by the organisation, or otherwise directly confirmed 

ii. 

Information provided by the waste disposal contractor 

iii. Organisational defaults of the waste disposal contractor 

2.3 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 306-2, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.3.1  identify hazardous waste as defined by national legislation at the point of 

generation; 

2.3.2  exclude non-hazardous wastewater from the calculation of non-

hazardous waste; 

2.3.3  if no weight data are available, estimate the weight using available 

information on waste density and volume collected, mass balances, or 

similar information.

Supply chain 

management

GRI 

308-1**

New suppliers that 

were screened using 

environmental criteria

a. 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

GRI  

414-1**

New suppliers that were 

screened using social 

criteria

a. 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria

Talent attraction 

and retention

GRI  

401-1*

New employee hires 

and employee turnover

a. 

Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by 

age group, gender and region. 

b. 

Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by 

age group, gender and region.


59

Independent Limited 

Assurance Statement

09

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

Employee health 

and safety

GRI  

403-9**

Work-related injuries

a. 

For all employees: 

i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; 

ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries  

 

(excluding fatalities); 

iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; 

iv. The man types of work-related injury; 

v. The number of hours worked.  

e. 

Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 

hours worked.  

g. 

Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been 

compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumption used.  

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 403-9, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.1.1  exclude fatalities in the calculation of the number and rate of high-

consequence work-related injuries; 

2.1.2  include fatalities as a result of work-related injury in the calculation of 

the number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; 

2.1.3  include injuries as a result of commuting incidents only where the 

transport has been organised by the organisation; 

2.1.4  calculate the rates based on either 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked, 

using the following formulas: 

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury = (Number of fatalities 

as a result of work-related injury / Number of hours worked) x [200,000 

or 1,000,000] 

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities) = 

(Number of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities) 

/ Number of hours worked) x [200,000 or 1,000,000] 

Rate of recordable work-related injuries = (Number of recordable work-

related injuries / Number of hours worked) x [200,000 or 1,000,000]

GRI  

403-10**

Work-related ill health

a. 

For all employees: 

i. The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health; 

ii. The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health; 

iii. The main types of work-related ill health. 

e. 

Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been 

compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumption used.  

2.3 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 403-9, the reporting 

organisation shall include fatalities as a result of work-related ill health in the 

calculation of the number of cases of recordable work-related ill health. 

Training and 

education

GRI 

404-1**

Average hours of 

training per year per 

employee

a. 

Average hours of training that the organisation’s employees have undertaken 

during the reporting period, by: 

i. gender; 

ii. employee category.

GRI 

404-3*

Percentage of 

employees receiving 

regular performance 

and career development 

reviews

a. 

Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who 

received a regular performance and career development review during the 

reporting period.


Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

60

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT

MATERIAL ISSUES

GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURE

"SHALL" REQUIREMENTS UNDER EACH DISCLOSURE

Customer health 

and safety

GRI 

416-2*

Incidents of non-

compliance concerning 

the health and safety

a. 

Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or 

voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and 

services within the reporting period, by: 

i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; 

ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; 

iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. 

b. 

If the organisation has not identified any non-compliance with regulations 

and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.  

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 416-2, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.1.1  exclude incidents of non-compliance in which the organisation was 

determined not to be at fault; 

2.1.2  exclude incidents of non-compliance related to labelling. Incidents 

related to labelling are reported in Disclosure 417-2 of GRI 417: 

Marketing and Labelling; 

2.1.3  if applicable, identify any incidents of non-compliance that relate to 

events in periods prior to the reporting period.

Fair marketing 

communications

GRI 

417-3*

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning marketing 

communications

a. 

Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or 

voluntary codes concerning marketing communications, including advertising, 

promotion, and sponsorship, by: 

i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; 

ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; 

iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. 

b. 

If the organisation has not identified any non-compliance with regulations 

and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.  

2.2 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 417-3, the reporting 

organisation shall: 

2.2.1  exclude incidents of non-compliance in which the organisation was 

determined not to be at fault; 

2.2.2  if applicable, identify any incidents of non-compliance that relate to 

events in periods prior to the reporting period.

Customer data 

privacy and 

protection

GRI  

418-1*

Substantiated 

complaints concerning 

breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of 

customer data

a. 

Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of 

customer privacy, categorised by: 

i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the  

 

organisation; 

ii. complaints from regulatory bodies. 

b. 

Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.  

c. 

If the organisation has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief 

statement of this fact is sufficient.  

2.1 When compiling the information specified in Disclosure 418-1, the reporting 

organisation shall indicate if a substantial number of these breaches relate to 

events in preceding years.

Product and 

service quality

GRI

419-1*

Non-compliance with 

laws and regulations in 

the social and economic 

area

a. 

Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and/or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of: 

i. total monetary value of significant fines; 

ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions; 

iii. cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. 

b. 

If the organisation has not identified any non-compliance with laws and/or 

regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. 

c. 

The context against which significant fines and non-monetary sanctions were 

incurred. 

Note: 

Singtel Group sustainability performance data includes sustainability data of Optus which is Singtel’s subsidiary in Australia. 


MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 

The Management is responsible for the preparation of the Subject Matters in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability 

Reporting Standards. The Board has ultimate responsibility for the company’s sustainability reporting.

The Management is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information and for maintaining adequate records and internal controls 

that are designed to support the sustainability reporting process.  For the purpose of the Sustainability Report 2020, there are no legally prescribed 

requirements relating to the verification of sustainability reports.

AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code 

of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of 

integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

Our firm applies Singapore Standards on Quality Control 1 of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and, accordingly, maintains 

a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 

professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

We have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement. Our professionals have both the required assurance 

skills and experience in the applicable Subject Matters including environmental, social and financial aspects.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY 

Our responsibility is to form a conclusion on Singtel Group’s preparation of the Subject Matters based on our work. We performed our work in 

accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000) (Revised) – Assurance Engagements other than Audits or 

Reviews of Historical Financial Information (the “Standard”). This Standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The 

extent of our work performed depends on our professional judgment and our assessment of the engagement risk.

Our review was limited to the information on the select indicators set out within the Sustainability Report from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 and 

our responsibility does not include:

• 

Any work in respect of sustainability information published elsewhere in Singtel Group’s annual report, website and other publications,

• 

Sustainability information prior to 1 April 2019 and subsequent to 31 March 2020, and

• 

Management’s forward-looking statements such as targets, plans and intentions. 

REPORTING CRITERIA

As a basis for the assurance engagement, we have used the criterion of “Accuracy” as defined by GRI and specific criteria determined by Singtel 

Group as being relevant for its sustainability performance. We consider these reporting criteria to be relevant and appropriate to review the 

Sustainability Report. 

ASSURANCE STANDARD USED AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE

Our limited assurance engagement has been planned and performed in accordance with the ISAE 30001  Assurance Engagement Other Than Audits 

or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. 

A limited assurance engagement consists of making enquiries and applying analytical and other review procedures. Our procedures were designed 

to provide a limited level of assurance and as such do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance. 

The procedures performed depend on our judgement including the risk of material misstatement of the specific activity data, whether due to fraud 

or error. While we considered the effectiveness of Management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our 

review was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 

provide a basis for our conclusion. 

1  International Federation of Accountants’ International Standard on Assurance Engagements for Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE3000)

61

Independent Limited 

Assurance Statement

09


WHAT WE DID TO FORM OUR CONCLUSIONS

We designed our procedures in order to state whether anything has come to our attention to suggest that the Subject Matters detailed above 

has not been reported in accordance with the Reporting Criteria cited earlier. In order to form our conclusions, we undertook the steps below:

1. Inquiries with Singtel Group’s Sustainability team to 

a. Understand principal business operations,  

b. Appreciate key sustainability issues and developments, 

c. Map out information flow for sustainability reporting and the controls on information collation, 

d. Identify data providers with their responsibilities, and  

e. Recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of sustainability data.

2. Conduct virtual meetings with Singtel Group’s data stakeholders and management 

3. Conduct process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand 

the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the concerned Subject Matters in the 

Sustainability Report.

4. Interviews with employees and management based in Singapore (Group Sustainability, Group Procurement, Radio Network Quality, Human 

Resources, Learning and Development, Rewards, Energy Management, Facilities Management, Workplace Safety &amp; Health, Group Internal 

Audit, Regulations and Interconnect Strategy, Marketing, Information Technology) and Australia (Group Sustainability, Human Resources, 

Learning and Development, Energy Management, Facilities Management, Workplace Safety &amp; Health) to understand key sustainability 

issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.

5. Obtain documentation through sampling methods to verify assumptions, estimations and computations made by management in relation 

to the concerned Subject Matters in the Sustainability Report.

6. Conduct general media research on the concerned Subject Matters.

7. Checking that data and statements had been correctly transcribed from corporate systems and/or supporting evidence, into the 

Sustainability Report.

8. Obtain incident reports and third-party confirmations in relation to the concerned Subject Matters in the Sustainability Report.

9. Rely on Singtel Group’s management representation letter on the concerned Subject Matters in the Sustainability Report. 

OBSERVATIONS AND AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT

Our observations and areas for improvement will be raised in a separate report to Singtel Group’s Board of Directors and Management. These 

observations and areas for improvement do not affect our conclusion on the aforementioned Subject Matters included in the Sustainability 

Report. 

OTHER MATTERS

Our responsibility in performing our limited assurance activities is to the Management of Singtel Group only and in accordance with the terms 

of reference agreed with them. We do not accept or assume any responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person or organisation. Any 

reliance any such third party may place on the Sustainability Report is entirely at their own risk.

CONCLUSION

Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the information 

related to the Subject Matters in the Sustainability Report has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting 

Criteria detailed above.

Ernst &amp; Young LLP 

Signed for Ernst &amp; Young LLP by 

Simon Yeo 

Partner, Climate Change and Sustainability Services 

Singapore, 12 June 2020



Singapore Telecommunications Limited | Sustainability Report 2020 

62

OVERVIEW

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

APPENDIX

ENVIRONMENT


Back Cover

























Singapore Telecommunications Limited 

(CRN:199201624D) 

31 Exeter Road, Comcentre 

Singapore 239732

T +65 6838 3388 

www.singtel.com

Copyright © 2020

