




SINGAPORE POST LTD

Sustainability Report 2017/18

POPStation




SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

2

CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

03 

 Board Statement

03 

 About the Report

04 

 Organisation Profile

STRATEGY AND APPROACH

06 

 Sustainability Strategy

09 

 Sustainability Governance Structure

10 

 Stakeholder Engagement

12 

 Materiality Assessment

GOVERNANCE

14 

 Compliance with Laws and Regulations

17 

 Ethics, Anti-bribery and 

 

 Corruption

18 

 Business Continuity Planning

ENVIRONMENT

19 

 Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and 

 

 Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions

SOCIAL

23 

 Data Security and Privacy

25 

 Responsible Supply Chain

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

3

1.1 Board Statement

Even as we advance on the transformation of Singapore Post Limited (“SingPost”) and 

its business, the Board remains fully committed to creating a sustainable business model 

geared towards achieving long term success for its stakeholders. 

 

Building on our long heritage, the management of our economic, environmental, social 

and governance issues remains key for the business sustainability of SingPost. 

 

The framework of SingPost’s sustainability reporting is in line with the Singapore Exchange 

(“SGX”) Sustainability Reporting Guide and the Global Reporting Initiative Standards.  

In its inaugural Sustainability Report, SingPost sets out the environmental, social 

and governance matters identified and prioritised by management, validated by the 

Board as material to the business, with specific performance levels and targets.  

SingPost’s focus on people, planet and profit underpins the company’s sustainability 

strategy. These will continue to guide its people, policies and processes to ensure the 

long-term interests of its stakeholders are met and the performance of SingPost is 

sustained. As we continue our sustainability journey, metrics and targets that are material 

to our business will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our 

next report. 

We will continue to develop and deepen our sustainability roots over time, as we grow 

the SingPost Group into a global leader in eCommerce logistics and trusted 

communications. 

1.2 About the Report

SingPost’s inaugural Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core level, and the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B). The GRI framework 

is a broad set of globally applicable standards and appropriate for reporting 

on our industry and business.   

The report covers Environment, Social, Governance (“ESG”) performance across the 

three business segments – Postal, Logistics, eCommerce – in Singapore from 

1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 (FY2017/18), with historical performance (FY2016/17) 

included for comparison, where possible.   

We have adopted a phased approach to our reporting; we will seek to provide additional 

disclosures and consider external assurance as our sustainability reporting matures 

over time. 

 

We welcome your feedback on any aspects of our sustainability journey. Please address 

your feedback to Vice President, Corporate Sustainability, at csr@singpost.com. 

 

INTRODUCTION


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

4

With a heritage dating back to the founding of Singapore by Sir Stamford Raffles in 

1819, SingPost has grown from a humble single mail office back in the 19th century 

to an international organisation with operations in 19 markets around the world. 

Today SingPost is listed on the SGX-ST, with its largest shareholders being Singapore 

Telecommunications Limited (21.8%) and Alibaba Group Holding Limited (14.9%). 

Our vision is to be a global leader in eCommerce logistics and trusted communications. 

Our core values – Trust, Total Customer, One Team, Top Execution, and Transformation – 

foster and underpin a culture of openness, trust and accountability in the organisation.

Our people are key assets and drivers in SingPost’s transformation. Guided by the strategic 

vision and objectives of the Group and benchmarked against best practices, we centre 

our efforts on building a sustainable workforce ready for the future through the 

“PRIDE” framework:  

 

`

•	

Providing top talent across the Group  

 

 For talent pool and leadership bench strength, and succession pipeline 

• 

Rewarding for performance    

 

 

For a high performance culture to achieve business results 

• 

Instilling a lean HR operating system    

 

 

For scalable and efficient processes through leveraging technology 

• 

Developing and growing our talent       

 

 

For enhanced managerial and talent capability, and opportunities for growth 

•	

Engaging every employee in our transformation  

 

 

For high engagement and organisational drive 

To cultivate our high potential talent, we have introduced an accelerated development 

programme called iLead, which comprises a series of developmental interventions over 

12 to 18 months that will help targeted team members deepen their skill-sets and 

competencies, as well as prepare them for future critical and leadership roles within 

the Group. 

A significant portion of the organisation’s activities is performed by our own employees. 

As at FY2017/18, our staff strength in Singapore was 4,210, compared to 4,676 

in FY2016/17. The reduction in employee numbers was due to natural attrition 

and alignment of the manpower base to the Group’s business and operating needs 

as we re-engineer our operations to enhance competitiveness. 

 

Gender composition was relatively even among the total staff strength. Among our 

middle and senior management, approximately 40% was female. 

1.3 Organisation Profile 

Figure 2: Total number of employees by employment type and gender 

Full Time

Part Time

: 155

: 1,039

: 111

: 862

Total 

Employees: 

4,676

Total 

Employees: 

4,210

: 2,147

: 1,335

: 2,011

: 1,226

Figure 1: Total number of employees by employment contract and gender 

Permanent

Temporary

: 391

: 1,374

: 331

: 1,156

Total 

Employees: 

4,676

Total 

Employees: 

4,210

: 1,911

: 1,000

: 1,791

: 932

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2016/17


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

5

Case Study

Creating an Inclusive Workplace Culture

As a trusted service provider to a multi-racial community, SingPost is proud to 

be made up of a diverse workforce. It emphasises hiring on merit and provides 

equal opportunities for employee development. The organisation also strives 

to provide work-life balance to employees, and has modified and restructured 

work arrangements to accommodate its team members and their lifestyle. 

 

A good example is its novel Neighbourhood Postman scheme that enlists 

housewives to deliver post within the neighbourhood of their homes, making 

it easier to balance work while caring for their children. 

Source: TAFEP (Employer Best Practice Case Studies)

Signatory to the Employers’ 

Pledge of Fair Employment 

Practices by the Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive 

Employment Practices (“TAFEP”)

Re-employing retiring workers 

since 1994, prior to the 

re-employment law introduced 

in 2012 

Support for annual 

UTES* - U Care 

Bursary awards – 

S$80,000 

contribution 

towards bursaries 

for 221 children 

of our employees

* Union of Telecoms Employees

 of Singapore

We are committed to fostering a fair and inclusive workplace for our employees. Our HR 

codes of ethics and conduct set out standards for our team members who are required 

to act in a professional manner, with utmost integrity and objectivity at all times in their 

dealings with each other, competitors, customers, suppliers and the community. 

1.3 Organisation Profile (Cont’d) 


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

6

STRATEGY &amp; 

APPROACH

2.1 Sustainability Strategy 

Our long history best illustrates what sustainability means to us at SingPost. Over the 

decades, we have continually invested in innovation and evolved our business and 

operations to meet the changing trends and needs of the communities we serve. 

In this digital and eCommerce era, we continue to advance on our transformation, 

connecting and bringing greater value to people, businesses and communities. 

Our global footprint, proprietary technology and strategic partners place us well 

to take hold of the potential in eCommerce. Our strategy for transformation – called 

Leap23 – is focused along the following key themes. 

 

•	

Winning in our home market 

 

 

We want to win in our home market, extending our lead as Singapore’s premier 

 

 

provider of last-mile delivery and driving scale of our eCommerce warehouse 

 

 

and fulfilment operations. 

•	

Igniting future growth engines 

 

 

We will ignite future growth engines by increasing global eCommerce flows 

 

 

on our network through strengthening our strategic collaboration with Alibaba 

 

 

and its associate companies. What will differentiate and give us the edge over the 

 

 

competition is our end-to-end solutions that harness proprietary technologies 

 

 

to enable retailers big and small to establish and grow eCommerce operations 

 

 

in the region.  

 

•	

Extracting the full value from investments

 

 

We will extract full value from the investments we have made, especially from our 

 

 

international subsidiaries and associates. We will be integrating and scaling 

 

 

our eCommerce business in the US and Southeast Asia. 

•	

Drive to cost leadership 

 

 

Underpinning these strategies is our drive to cost leadership. We are undergoing 

 

 

cost transformations to optimise our cost base and give us a competitive edge 

 

 

in the market. 

 

 

 


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

7

Advancing on our Transformation; Connecting Communities in an eCommerce World



EXTRACT FULL VALUE FROM 

INVESTMENTS 

•	 Integration	across	

 

geographies

•	 Maximise	potential	

 

of our overseas 

 

investments

DRIVE COST LEADERSHIP

•	 Optimise	costs	and	re-engineer	

 

our operations to enhance 

 

competitiveness and provide  

 

best value for customers

•	 Drive	productivity,

 

reduce non-conformance

•	 Instill	continuous	improvement

IGNITE FUTURE GROWTH ENGINES

•	 Capture global cross border 

 

eCommerce flows

 

•	 Build out our eCommerce logistics 

 

capabilities in Southeast Asia

WIN IN OUR HOME MARKET

•	 Gain	leading	share	in	Parcels

•	 Drive scale of eCommerce 

 

warehouse and fulfillment

•	 Harness innovative solutions to 

 

serve the urban logistics needs 

 

of a Smart Nation









Logistics

eCommerce

Postal











H

ar

ne

ss

 T

e

c

h

n

ol

o

g

y

Le

ve

ra

ge

 P

ar

tn

er

sh

i

ps

 

P

eo

pl

e 

D

e

v

el

o

p

m

e

nt

C

a

pt

ur

e 

S

y

n

e

rg

ie

s


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

8

Logistics

eCommerce

Postal



We are transforming our post offices into a smart 

Post Office network, utilising technology to enhance 

service levels and operational efficiency. These

include an enhanced self-service area that 

offers 24/7 access to the award-winning new 

generation SAM kiosk and a network of POPStation 

smart lockers for customers to send, collect and 

return parcels at their convenience.   

As 

the 

designated 

Public 

Postal 

Licensee 

in 

Singapore, we are committed to our service 

obligations. We offer reliable and quality domestic 

and international postal services, and end-to-end 

mail solutions. We have a wide network of touch 

points, with 57 post offices, 7 delivery bases, 300 

self-service automated machines, 743 posting boxes 

and 157 POPStation smart lockers across Singapore.

Through strategic M&amp;As since 2009, we have been 

developing and strengthening our eCommerce 

logistics capabilities. We have a network of 

warehouses in more than 10 countries in Asia 

Pacific. In Singapore, we invested $182 million in 

an automated parcel sorting and warehousing 

facility, the Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub, 

to serve the growing eCommerce market in 

Asia Pacific. 

The acquisition of Jagged Peak, which has won 

accolades from industry analyst firms Forrester 

and Gartner as an efficient order management 

platform for online retailing and omni-channel 

sales, has enabled us to leverage its connections 

and technology prowess in helping US companies 

take advantage of Southeast Asia’s eCommerce 

growth.   

Through 

our 

subsidiaries 

Jagged 

Peak 

and 

TradeGlobal in the US and SP eCommerce in 

Singapore, we provide end-to-end solutions across

the eCommerce value chain, including eCommerce 

technology solutions to leading international brands, 

creating and managing enterprise grade online 

stores, digital marketing and customer care. Jagged 

Peak has a proprietary end-to-end e-commerce 

supply chain technology – EDGE – that manages 

nearly everything an online retailer needs to 

manage: from setting up an e-commerce store to 

last-mile deliveries and taxes.   





We are in a strong position to ride the growing 

eCommerce market in Asia Pacific with our end-to-

end eCommerce logistics value chain. We provide 

a diverse range of logistics solutions - freight, 

warehousing, domestic and international distribution, 

and delivery services - through our subsidiaries. 

Quantium Solutions undertakes eCommerce logistics, 

warehousing, fulfilment and distribution, and other 

value-added 

services, 

while 

parcel 

delivery 

is 

handled by SP Parcels. Famous Holdings is our 

freight 

forwarding 

arm, 

and 

General 

Storage 

operates self-storage solutions under the brand of 

Lock+Store. 

 

 

 


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

9

2.2 Sustainability Governance Structure  

Sustainability matters are governed and managed across various levels in the organisation.

 

The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for SingPost’s sustainability. The Group 

CEO is accountable for the management and monitoring of sustainability matters, 

including strategies, policies and practices, and for the sustainability performance 

and targets. 

To provide greater focus on SingPost’s sustainability agenda, a sustainability 

department was set up in FY2016/17 to help initiate, drive and monitor various 

aspects of SingPost’s sustainability practices. The sustainability function, which 

reports to the Group Chief Brand &amp; Communications Officer, works with other 

business and support units on sustainability matters relating to the Group. 

Various ESG matters fall within the purview of senior management and their 

departments, and are also overseen by working committees. For instance, SingPost’s 

Environment Committee, comprising mainly the heads of operating units that are 

major energy consumers, has oversight over the Group’s environmental stewardship. 

The Crisis Management Team is chaired by the CEO (Postal Services) and consists 

of senior management from the key support units of finance, legal, corporate 

secretariat, human resources, communications, technology and relevant operating 

units. 

 

Board of Directors

Group CEO

Relevant Departments 

Committees / 

Working Groups

Sustainability 

Department 


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

10

2.3 Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholders 

Basis for engagement

Method of engagement and frequency

Key concerns of stakeholders

Our response (please refer to our 

Annual Report for details on initiatives)

Shareholders – institutional investors, 

equity analysts, retail investors, 

Securities Investors Association of 

Singapore

Provide opportunities for investors 

to engage with management; 

allow investors to gain a better 

understanding of business and 

operations

Reach out to a wider network of 

investors to broaden and diversify 

shareholder base

 

Regular one-on-one and group meetings 

and conferences with investors, 

roadshows; retail investor day; site visits

Quarterly results briefings for analysts

Annual and extraordinary general 

meetings

SGX announcements, annual report, 

circulars – as appropriate

Total shareholder returns

Corporate governance of 

organisation

Strategic review undertaken in 

2017; roadmap laid out to improve  

Group’s performance

Dividend policy revised in 

FY2016/17 to ensure sustainable 

dividends in the long term

Corporate Governance 

Review completed and new 

governance framework put in 

place in FY2016/17

 

Employees / Other Workers 

e.g. contract and temporary workers

Align with and understand the 

company’s goals and strategy, and 

update on corporate developments

For greater employee satisfaction, 

retention and productivity

 

Quarterly townhall staff meetings

Regular management meetings

Regular staff recreational activities

Voice of Employees annual survey

Internal announcements and memos 

from GCEO and management – 

as appropriate

Fair HR policies and practices 

Workplace safety and health 

Career advancement, learning and 

development, remuneration and 

welfare

Engage employees with HR 

framework – PRIDE

Certified a bizSAFE Level 3 

organisation; measures in place 

to protect employees’ hearing in 

the mail processing centre, and 

the health and safety of outdoor 

workers 

Trade unions

- Union of Telecoms Employees of 

Singapore (“UTES”)  

For mutual trust and openness

Consult and collaborate on workplace 

decisions

Regular dialogues with union 

representatives

Welfare of union workers

Regular engagement develops a 

good and collaborative relationship

Customers – corporates, retail 

customers, general public

Meet or exceed customer needs

 

Provide consistent and high service 

quality; resolve complaints

Network of post offices, mySAM portal 

and kiosks, SingPost apps, call centre, 

e-feedback forms

Regular engagement by sales team

Annual customer service surveys for 

corporate and retail customers

Service quality 

Product and service offerings

Provide convenient 24/7 access to 

services with online and offline 

channels, call centre

Roll out new-generation smart Post 

Offices

Introduce innovative product and 

service offerings

Trust is built over the years as we listen to and communicate with our stakeholders regularly. As a trusted organisation connecting people, businesses and communities over the decades, 

we continue to engage our stakeholders and take action to address their needs and create value.  


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

11

2.3 Stakeholder Engagement (Cont’d)

Stakeholders 

Basis for engagement

Method of engagement and frequency

Key concerns of stakeholders

Our response (please refer to our 

Annual Report for details on initiatives)

Suppliers 

e.g. airlines, international postal 

agencies, delivery partners, etc

Meet SingPost’s requirements

Cost efficiency

Meet or exceed quality standards and 

code of conduct 

Tender documents and requirements 

(Requests for Proposal, Invitation to 

Quote) – as appropriate

Tender briefing sessions  – as appropriate

Transparent procurement policies

Provide clear expectations in tender 

requirements 

Reviewed and revised Supplier Code 

of Conduct in FY2017/18

Local communities

Contribute towards the well-being of 

the community

Ongoing corporate social responsibility 

(“CSR”) programmes; regular staff CSR 

activities

Regular meetings with community 

partners, non-profit organisations

Contribution towards community

Promotion of environmental 

sustainability 

A strategic CSR framework put in 

place, focusing on heritage, the 

environment and community

Annual donations and sponsorships

Ongoing CSR programmes

Government / Regulators 

e.g. Info-communications Media 

Development Authority, Singapore 

Exchange, Ministry of Manpower, 

National Environment Agency

Adherence to regulators’ 

requirements

Contribute towards public interest

Meetings – as appropriate

Regulator queries – as appropriate

Annual quality of service audits

Participation in initiatives led by 

government agencies – as appropriate

Adherence to regulations

Service quality standards and 

obligations as the public postal 

licensee

Prompt redress of complaints by 

public/ customers

Collaborations for public interest

Open and collaborative approach

Review of systems and process to 

maintain high standards

Universal Postal Union (“UPU”)

Adherence to regulators’ 

requirements 

Discuss matters impacting SingPost’s 

interest in the international mail 

distribution system

Participation in UPU meetings  - 

as scheduled

Participation in UPU working groups and 

committees  - as appropriate

Obligations as UPU member 

 

Compliance to regulations and 

service quality standards

Regular engagement to address 

matters impacting SingPost’s 

interests


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

12

2.4 Materiality Assessment

SingPost defines material sustainability matters as topics that encompass its significant ESG impacts and substantially influence the decision-making process of stakeholders. 

SingPost has put in place a formal materiality assessment process1 to identify and prioritise such matters.  

1 

The materiality assessment process is primarily guided by the Reporting Principles of Sustainability Context, Completeness, Stakeholder Inclusiveness and Materiality, as set out in the GRI Standards.  

A comprehensive list of potential material sustainability matters 

was drawn up, taking into account insights from internal 

stakeholder engagement, consideration of the interests and 

concerns of external stakeholders, and benchmarking of 

industry peers’ and key customers’ ESG factors. 

Cross-functional interviews and focus group 

discussions were conducted with the 

management to refine the list of 

potential material sustainability 

matters. 

 

Materiality assessment workshops were conducted with the 

management, followed by an anonymous electronic voting 

exercise by the management on 24 potential material 

sustainability matters. 

The results were plotted on a materiality matrix 

that displays each matter’s position relative 

to the degree of impact to both internal 

and external stakeholders. 

A total of six key material

sustainability matters were 

selected by management for 

reporting. 

The results were then submitted 

to the Board for validation and 

approval. 

In the subsequent reporting 

periods, 

these 

material 

sustainability matters will be 

reviewed and reassessed for 

their continuing relevance in the 

sustainability context. 

Based on the results of the 

materiality 

review, 

SingPost 

may 

include additional sustainability matters 

for reporting. 










SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

13

2.4 Materiality Assessment (Cont’d)

The material ESG matters identified for reporting are as follows:  

Key Material Sustainability Matters

No.

Sustainability Matters

GRI Standards Topics

1

  Governance

  Compliance with Laws and Regulations

  GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

  GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

2

  Governance

  Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

  GRI 102: General Disclosure

  GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

3

  Governance

  Business Continuity Planning

  GRI 102: General Disclosure

4

  Environment

  Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions  

  (from company controlled transport fleet)

  GRI 302: Energy 

  GRI 305: Emissions

5

  Social

  Data Security and Privacy

  GRI 418: Customer Privacy

6

  Social 

  Responsible Supply Chain

  GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment

  GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

14

3.1 Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

Regulatory compliance is critically important to SingPost, serving to protect our integrity 

and reputation and foster trust among stakeholders. Observance of all regulatory 

requirements forms the basis of good corporate governance within the Group. The 

impact of any failure to meet regulatory requirements is not limited to the direct legal 

consequences of the breach - in fact, both the capability reputation and character 

reputation of the organisation, which are critical assets, risk negative impact in the 

event of regulatory non-compliance. Just as a positive reputation is likely to encourage 

stakeholders to maintain and deepen relationships, the converse can ultimately undermine 

the financial performance of SingPost. 

SingPost is committed to a high standard of corporate governance for the long term 

sustainability of the Group’s business. We have in place a framework of controls 

and policies; and adopt the best-in-class practices that reflect our commitment to 

accountability, transparency and protection of shareholders’ interests. Our internal 

policies and procedures ensure that our activities and operations comply with existing 

regulatory requirements, and we regularly monitor, evaluate and audit the processes to 

ensure that they remain robust to meet the challenges of our activities and operations. 

Our Whistle-blowing Policy enhances transparency in dealings and provides a channel 

for employees and other stakeholders to report violations. Please refer to the Ethics, 

Anti-bribery and Corruption section for more information on the Whistle-blowing 

Policy. 

The Board provides leadership and guidance on matters relating to corporate governance. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance report in the Annual Report for more 

information. 

GOVERNANCE

Case Study

SGX-Listing Rules

As a listed organisation, SingPost is regulated under SGX listing rules and 

adheres to the Code of Corporate Governance. 

 

As a testimony of our commitment, we undertook a major review in FY2016/17 

to improve the effectiveness of corporate governance in the Group. A special 

audit was voluntarily conducted to review SingPost’s compliance with policies, 

processes and procedures in the acquisition of Famous Holdings Pte Ltd and 

related subsidiaries; and disclosure of directors’ interests in relation to these 

transactions. In addition, we also initiated a corporate governance review that 

consisted of a thorough examination of our corporate governance practices. 

 

Recommendations made by the independent parties that conducted the 

special audit and corporate governance review have since been implemented 

to improve our practices. 


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

15

 

Postal Regulations

As the Public Postal Licensee designated by the Info-communications Media Development 

Authority (“IMDA”), SingPost is governed by the Postal Services Act (Cap 237A), 

the Postal Licence, Postal Services Regulations, Postal Services Operations Code, 

Postal Competition Code and other directions and guidelines issued by IMDA, and 

is committed to: 

•	

complying	with	every	direction	of	the	Postal	Authority	(i.e.	IMDA);	

•	

performing	a	set	of	universal	service	obligations;	and	

•	

ensuring	the	reliability	of	the	provision	of	postal2  services to the public. Incidents of 

 

non-compliance may attract financial penalties. 

We work to ensure compliance by education, training, reminders, set targets, constant 

monitoring, auditing and checks. Induction training is conducted for new postmen 

and refresher training sessions are conducted when necessary. IMDA measures 

SingPost’s Quality of Service standards performance and SingPost’s mail processes 

are also constantly reviewed for robustness as part of its quality assurance audit. 

3.1 Compliance with Laws and Regulations (Cont’d)

Corporate Governance Policies Introduced in FY2016/17 and FY2017/18

Policy

Scope

Market Disclosure Policy

Process for accurate, timely release of SGX 

announcements

Merger and Acquisitions Policy

Policy setting out the necessary actions 

and  approvals required  in the evaluation 

and approval of M &amp; A transactions

Policy for Proper Handling of 

Disclosure of Directors’ Interest

Principles, guidelines and procedures 

governing internal handling of 

disclosure of directors’ interests 

within the Group

Policy on Directors’ Conflict of Interest

Principles to guide directors in 

instances of actual or potential 

conflicts of interest

Board Renewal and Tenure Policy

Guidelines for board renewal process

Case Study

Using Technology to Raise Service Quality 

We continue to explore ways to use technology and equipment to improve our 

processes to meet and exceed the service quality standards set by our regulator. 

Over the years, we have upgraded our mail infrastructure, including mail sorting 

machines that are more efficient and possess additional intelligent capabilities. 

The post offices are being transformed into modern efficient hubs, with 

24/7 auto-lobbies. We have also enhanced our mySAM kiosks and portal, and 

introduced the SingPost app. 

2 

This consists of both domestic and international mail, and the ancillary services, post office network


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

16

Financial Sector Regulations

We are also regulated under the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Financial 

Advisers Act (Chapter 1103) as we offer financial services distribution with partners 

at our post offices. To ensure compliance by our financial services ambassadors 

who conduct introducing activities, we conduct quarterly compliance validation 

training and tests, and put in place compliance key performance indicators.   

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Regulations

People are a key priority to the Group, and we go beyond the regulations - Employment 

Act, Retirement &amp; Re-employment Act, Workplace Safety &amp; Health (“WSH”) Act, Work 

Injury Compensation (“WIC”) Act – to protect their rights and welfare. Our Group WSH 

policy and WIC policy outlines our commitment towards a safety culture of zero accidents, 

injuries or damage to the assets and human resources of SingPost.  

3.1 Compliance with Laws and Regulations (Cont’d)

Case Study

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Practices

Monthly meetings of the WSH committee are held with the WSH officer to 

report on on-site inspections and workplace incidences. In the reporting year, 

we have seen good results which attest to our efforts in enforcing safety and 

compliance to safety regulations. 

 

We have zero non-compliance cases and strive to maintain this record. 

SingPost is certified a bizSAFE Level 34 organisation by the Workplace Safety 

&amp; Health Council of Singapore (“WSH Council”). 

Moving forward, we plan to share near-miss incidences at committee meetings 

for learning and prevention. 

Target

Performance 

Timely and accurate SGX announcements

Please see SGX Listing Rules section above

Zero non-compliance with all statutory 

filings

No lapses in FY2017/18

Zero non-compliance with applicable laws 

and regulations in terms of occupational 

health and safety

No lapses in FY2017/18

Delivery service standards for ordinary mail 

and registered mail

Ongoing assessment

Zero lapses in financial services compliance No lapses in FY2017/18

3 

Notice and Appointment of Introducers by Financial Advisers: Regulation 31 of Financial Advisers Regulations

4 

bizSAFE - a five-step programme by WSH Council that assists companies to build their WSH capabilities


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

17

SingPost is committed to ethical business practices. Ensuring ethical business practices 

is of utmost importance in our business, as it has a direct bearing on our reputation and 

provides confidence to stakeholders and investors. This guiding principle is also extended to 

our contractors, suppliers and our subsidiaries as set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. 

We support all applicable anti-bribery/corruption legislations and these include: 

 

•	

Prevention of Corruption Act of Singapore, the Penal Code and The Corruption, 

 

Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act; 

•	

UK	Bribery	Act;	and	

•	

US	Foreign	Corrupt	Practices	Act.	

 

 

Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption Policy 

To demonstrate our zero-tolerance towards corruption and our commitment to conduct 

our businesses with utmost integrity, transparency and honesty, we have implemented an 

Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption (“ABC”) Policy that must be adhered to by all employees. 

All employees are expected to report violations of the ABC Policy.  Any employee who fails 

to report known or suspected violations may be subject to disciplinary action, including 

termination of employment. 

We also possess a Supplier Code of Conduct that we expect all our suppliers and 

contractors and persons who act on their behalf to uphold.   

The ABC Policy also sets out guidelines relating to the receipt and offer of gifts and 

entertainment. This is to ensure that all business dealings and decisions legitimately 

conducted and made for the interest of SingPost are not conducted and made 

under any improper influence or advantage. 

 

Conflict of Interest

SingPost requires employees to disclose situations where they are placed are in a 

conflict of interest situation or involved in one which could potentially lead to a 

conflict of interest. All employees are required to make such declarations annually 

and to update such disclosures where appropriate.  

Code of Ethics 

SingPost has a Code of Ethics which underlines the business conduct and behaviour 

that applies to all employees. It describes the importance of protecting the interest of 

the company and safeguarding sensitive and confidential information as an employee of 

the company. Employees are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner 

with utmost integrity and total commitment to the Code.  

Whistle-blowing Policy

Our Whistle-blowing Policy sets out the guidelines under which our employees, stakeholders 

and members of the public are able to raise concerns about possible matters of improprieties 

or wrongdoings in confidence.  The whistleblowing channel is published on our website, 

accessible 24/7 and the report may be made via email or by post. All new employees are 

informed of this reporting channel as part of their onboarding orientation programme. 

Appropriate follow-up action will then be taken in accordance with the Whistle-

blowing Policy. All whistle-blower reports are reviewed by the Audit Committee to 

ensure independent investigations are done and issues are adequately resolved.

For more information, please refer to the ABC Policy and Whistle-blowing Policy 

in the Corporate Governance section of our website at singpost.com 

3.2 Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

Target

Performance

Uphold anti-corruption and 

ethical behaviour

 Established and implemented ABC 

 Policy group-wide in FY2017/18

Communication and training about 

anti-corruption policies and procedures

•			Communicated anti-corruption policies 

     to stakeholders

•	 We have planned roll-out of ABC 

      training to all SingPost staff in 

      Singapore and overseas

•	 Action plans for FY2018/19 include 

      implementing on-going monitoring 

      of regulatory changes related to ABC 

      and communication of changes to all 

      SingPost staff on a timely basis


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

18

Like other organisations, SingPost is vulnerable to peace-time disasters or threats that 

may affect the continued performance of its business and the safety of its employees and 

customers. Business continuity planning helps us to avoid and mitigate the risks and impact of 

operational disruptions to SingPost’s business and ensure quick recovery and resumption 

of its critical business functions for the fulfilment of business obligations, and to maintain 

the confidence of our stakeholders. 

The Board of Directors has established the Board Risk &amp; Technology Committee to assist 

the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities on risk management. A risk 

management system that sets the scaffold to managing risk within our organisation 

has also been established. For more details, please refer to the Risk Management 

section of our Annual Report. 

 

Business Continuity Management

We have put forth a Business Continuity Management framework to mitigate and 

minimise the impact of operational disruptions to our business and ensure a quick 

recovery and continuation of critical business functions for the fulfilment of our 

business obligations. We are working to finalise and institute Business Continuity 

Plan (“BCP”) framework in SingPost. This includes establishing and reviewing the Business 

Continuity Policy, command structure, the framework and test plans. 

Business Continuity Management Principles

1. 

The Board and the Management own the management of keys risks to the continuity 

 

of SingPost Group’s operation. 

2. 

Each business unit/department head takes ownership of the management of keys 

 

risks to their business unit/department and to review and sign off their own 

 

BCP at least annually. 

3. 

Each business unit/department head is to ensure that each and every employee 

 

understands their roles and responsibilities in the BCP. 

4. 

All BCPs are periodically tested, documented and maintained.  

Business Continuity Management Governance Structure

SingPost is reviewing its Business Continuity Management governance structure 

to oversee the business continuity planning process and appoint appropriate chains 

of command during times of emergencies. The planned structure comprises: 

 

 

•	

The	 Crisis	 Management	 Team,	 which	 will	 be	 responsible	 for	 and	 oversees	 crisis	

 

management and business continuity of the organisation. The Crisis Management 

 

Team reports to the Group CEO and the Board Risk and Technology Committee.

•	

A	Crisis	Secretariat	which	supports	the	Crisis	Management	Team.		

•	

The	 Execution	 Committee,	 which	 comprises	 representatives	 from	 business	 units,	

 

support units and subsidiaries, that reports to the Crisis Management Team. 

 

•	

International	subsidiaries	will	form	their	individual	Crisis	Management	Teams,	which	

 

will report to the Crisis Management Team in Singapore. 

Scope of Business Continuity Planning 

The scope of the Group’s business continuity planning covers the following four areas. 

Detailed response plans have been put in place for each potential disruption.  

Component

Scope

Focus on immediate response to incidents such as fire or 

explosion which may involve staff evacuation

Focus on restoring critical IT systems after a disaster occurs

Focus on precautionary measures to minimise workplace 

disruptions due to infectious diseases and haze

Focus on rapid recovery and resumption of critical business 

functions for fulfillment of business obligations

3.3 Business Continuity Planning

Emergency

Response

IT Disaster

Recovery

Workplace

Safety &amp; Health

Business

Continuity

Target

Performance

Review, finalise and institute Business 

Continuity Plan framework in SingPost by 

end FY2018/19

In process

Conduct disaster recovery exercises for all 

critical systems by March each year

Successfully conducted disaster recovery 

plans for critical systems in FY2017/18


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

19

4.1 Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse 

 

Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

As a global player in eCommerce logistics and trusted communications, our business contributes 

to trade and economic growth but also invariably impacts the environment through our 

energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas emissions (“GHG”). 

In Singapore, the projected business-as-usual greenhouse gas emissions are expected to 

reach 77.2 million tonnes in 2020, of which the transport sector is expected to 

account for 14.5%5. Commercial vehicles have accounted for approximately 26% of land 

transport carbon emissions in Singapore6. 

We are sensitive to the environmental impact across our value chain, and are committed 

to taking steps to reduce our impact, especially the fuel consumption and GHG emissions.

This report covers energy consumption and GHG emissions across all our business units 

in Singapore. 

 

To ensure greater oversight over the Group’s environmental matters, we have set up 

an Environment Committee to advise and recommend to the Group CEO on all aspects 

of environmental responsibility and the promotion of environmental responsibility 

within the Group. The committee comprises the heads of operating and business 

units that are major energy consumers in the Group.  

Fuel and energy consumption is managed and monitored by the various operating units 

such as the mail conveyance and mail delivery teams in the Mail business, SP Parcels, 

Famous Holdings and by the Property division. 

 

Environmental Policy

To support our focus on environmental matters, we have put in place a new Environmental 

Policy in FY2017/18. This policy statement articulates our primary environmental 

objectives which focus on operational, fleet and building efficiency and stakeholder 

collaboration. For more information, please refer to the Environmental Policy in 

the Sustainability section of our website at singpost.com 

To achieve the objectives and commitment we have made for energy efficiency and 

GHG emissions reductions, a key focus of our efforts is to integrate our environmental 

principles into the business and operations, and continue to explore environmentally 

friendly modes of operations for our business. 

ENVIRONMENT

5 

Source: National Climate Change Secretariat (“NCCS”)

6 

Source: Ministry of Transport / NCCS


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

20

Fleet Fuel Consumption and Associated Scope 1 GHG Emissions7

As a leading mail and logistics solutions provider, we have a dedicated and modern fleet 

for our operational needs. We operate our own fleet of vehicles as well as leased vehicles 

for our operations. In addition, we engage subcontractors for our delivery operations. 

Our fleet fuel consumption accounts for more than 99% of total fuel consumption8. 

This report covers only the operations of our own fleet of vehicles as well as leased 

vehicles under our operational control. The fuel consumption attributed to operations 

of our subcontractors is excluded.  

4.1  Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”) (Cont’d)

8 

Stationary combustion accounts for less than 1% of total fuel consumption which is mainly attributed to diesel for back-up generators. 

Figure 4: Scope 1 GHG Emissions in FY2016/17

(Unit: tonnes CO2 equivalent)

Figure 5: Scope 1 GHG Emissions in FY2017/18

(Unit: tonnes CO2 equivalent)

Postal

Logistics

2,125,

57%

1,620,

43%

1,993,

55%

1,640,

45%

Total 3,745

Total 3,633

Postal

Logistics

Total

Figure 3: Fuel Consumption in FY2016/17 and FY2017/18 

(Unit: terajoule)

2016/17

2017/18

60.0

50.0

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0

0.0

50.8

49.4

22.2

28.6

22.5

26.9

7 

Scope 1 covers all direct GHG emissions by the Group; Scope 2 covers indirect GHG emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity or other energy sources. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated using 

 

emission factor approach; Scope 1 fuel emission factors are sourced from IPCC 2006 and Scope 2 grid emission factor is sourced from Energy Market Authority, 27 June 2017.

POPStation Smart Locker Network

The introduction of the POPStation smart locker 

network in Singapore since 2013 has improved the 

fleet efficiency of our courier operations. With 

multiple deliveries and collections made by the 

couriers at each POPStation location, we estimate 

that up to 363,000 kilometres a year in travelling 

distance is saved. To-date, we have the largest 

smart locker network with 157 POPStations across 

the island.  

 

Fleet of Vehicles 

SingPost uses about 313 bicycle routes and has 

about 93 postmen on foot for mail delivery service. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Since its introduction on the roads in 2013, the 

three-wheeler now makes up about 40% of the 

scooters (comprising two- and three-wheelers). 

The three-wheelers are equipped with larger 

pannier boxes that carry 40% more mail including 

packages than the two-wheelers, and allow for 

more deliveries to be made each trip, reducing the 

number of runs to the delivery base or mail 

transit rooms to pick up additional mail items. 

We are planning the replacement of our vehicles 

with 

greener 

vehicle 

technologies.

 

 

Number of Vehicles - owned and leased

Type

As at FY2017/18

Bicycles

313

2-wheeler scooters

432

3-wheeler scooters

310

Vans

176

Trucks and other heavy vehicles

137





Postal

Logistics


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

21

4.1  Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”) (Cont’d)

Electricity Consumption and Associated Scope 2 GHG Emissions 

In addition to fleet fuel consumption, electricity purchased from grid is another major form 

of energy consumed at SingPost. The electricity consumption is mainly associated with our 

operations in our own buildings and leased space across Singapore. Our largest buildings 

are Singapore Post Centre, which houses the mail processing centre, delivery base, 

the General Post Office and our headquarter offices including a small data centre9 , as well 

as an office block and retail mall, and the Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub, an 

automated parcel sorting and warehousing facility. Other operating areas include six 

regional delivery bases, 56 post offices, 13 self-storage solutions sites, two warehouses 

and an airmail transit centre. 

In FY2017/18, the retail mall in Singapore Post Centre commenced operations while the 

Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub, which opened in November 2016, had its first full year 

of operation. 

Consolidated Office Operations – Singapore Post Centre

In 2016, we consolidated our head office operations to a single 6,600-square metre 

office in Singapore Post Centre hosting over 600 employees. The workplace is fitted 

with energy efficient lighting, shared networks of electronic equipment and smart office

solutions. The relocation reduced the number of office equipment used by the various 

departments and enabled central monitoring of equipment usage. 

 

9 

The relevant data of our other corporate functions (e.g. head office, data centre) have been combined with the Postal category in the above charts for reporting purpose.

Postal

Logistics

Total

45,000

40,000

35,000

30,000

25,000

20,000

15,000

30,752

40,356

Figure 6: Electricity Consumption in FY2016/17 and FY2017/18 

(Unit: MWh)

10,000

5,000

0

22,365

8,387

30,346

10,010

2016/17

2017/18

Figure 7: Scope 2 GHG Emissions in FY2016/17

(Unit: tonnes CO2 equivalent)

Postal

Logistics

Figure 8: Scope 2 GHG Emissions in FY2017/18

(Unit: tonnes CO2 equivalent)

Postal

Logistics

3,559,

27%

9,492,

73%

4,248,

25%

12,879,

75%

Total 13,051

Total 17,127




SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

22

As a country, Singapore has targeted to reduce its emissions intensity by 36% from 

2005 levels by 2030. SingPost has set a target of a 35% reduction in our absolute 

greenhouse gas emissions from FY2017/18 base line levels by 2030. To achieve the target, 

we are exploring measures that include raising energy efficiency, replacement of fleet 

with greener vehicles, increase in POPStation network and use of clean energy. 

Target

Performance

Reduce absolute GHG emissions by 35% 

from FY2017/18 baseline level by 

FY2029/30

Scope 1: 3,633 tonnes CO2 equivalent

Scope 2: 17,127 tonnes CO2 equivalent

4.1  Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”) (Cont’d)


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

23

5.1 Data Security and Privacy

We recognise the risks and negative impact that our business and stakeholders may 

encounter if information such as confidential/sensitive corporate data, personal data 

of customers, employees and stakeholders, is not adequately protected. As we harness 

technology in our business and operations, the risks have also further increased. Data 

security and privacy is a top priority for us.  

Employees at all levels work hand in hand to ensure that data is adequately 

protected. The Board Risk Technology Committee sets a top-down approach to risk 

management, while the Group Chief Information Officer, Group Data Protection Officer 

and all departments are responsible for integrating the approach in the daily 

operations. 

 

The Board Risk &amp; Technology Committee comprises directors with competencies in 

risk management and technology. The committee assists the Board in ensuring that 

Management maintains a sound system of risk management and material controls to 

safeguard shareholders’ interest and the Group’s assets. 

The Group Chief Information Officer is overall in charge of Group IT strategy and the 

computer systems required to support the organisation’s objectives, and ensures the 

integrity of all IT systems, and that data is secured and protected. 

Our Privacy Policy which is posted on our website complies with the Personal Data 

Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”). Our feedback channel is published on our website, and 

a report may be made by post, email or by telephone. 

 

We abide strictly with it as well as the guidelines set out in the PDPA. Our legal, 

compliance and operations teams are reviewing the workflow and processes to ensure 

that we are complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR” EU 

regulation 2016/679) where applicable. Team members handling personal data identify 

and consult with the Group Data Protection Officer regularly on issues relating the 

protection of customer data based on feedback received. This process enables us to 

review, evaluate and update our processes on a continual basis thereby cultivating trust 

and confidence with our customers who provide their personal data to us. 

 

Social


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

24

5.1 Data Security and Privacy (Cont’d)

As part of the Group’s risk management framework, policies and manuals have been 

put in place and communicated to all employees 

We review and update all our policies yearly to ensure relevance to any developments 

on the regulations or improvements to procedures and practices. 

Employees are continually reminded of the importance of data security and protection 

through the following initiatives: 

•	

Online	 training:	 Employees	 with	 internet	 access	 are	 assigned	 online	 training	

 

modules and the progress is tracked. 

 

•	

New	hire	onboarding	training:	New	employees	are	trained	on	data	security	protection	

 

during their orientation sessions. 

 

•	

Email	updates:	Regular	email	updates	are	sent	to	all	employees	on	topics	such	as	

 

compliance with PDPA and general security awareness.   

In FY2017/18, we received nine cases of feedback regarding minor incidents of 

unintended data disclosures. Six cases came to our attention via the Personal Data 

Protection Commission or IMDA. Three cases were direct feedback from customers. 

Where cases were substantiated, they were mainly due to operational gaps, and 

swift and prompt action has been taken to rectify the situation. We strive to reduce 

the occurrence of such cases. 

Case Study

Security Awareness Online Training 

Launched in the second half of FY2017/18 the objective of the online training is 

to raise security awareness among employees on information security threats, 

and equip employees with the knowledge to protect SingPost in the course

 of their work.  

Training modules include introduction to security awareness, social engineering, 

email security, and web browsing security. 

As at 31 March 2018, 70% of our employees have completed the training and 

passed with a minimum score of 70%.  

Target

Performance

No data breaches 

Zero breaches on data security

Compliance with PDPA

Please see Performance section above

Policies/Manuals

Purpose of the Policy

Privacy Policy 

Provides information relating to collection, 

use, and disclosure of personal data; 

complies with PDPA 2012 

Information System Security Policy

Protects information systems and assets 

in a consistent and professional manner 

across the SingPost Group of companies

SingPost Risk Management Manual

Provides detailed information on the 

risk management strategy, governance 

structure and processes that are used to 

support the management of risks

Information Classification and Handling 

Policy 

Provides guidance on classifying 

information and the appropriate handling 

for the various levels of classified 

information to protect them from 

unauthorised access

SingPost Personal Data Protection Act 

Handbook

Provides information on SingPost’s 

framework of compliance to PDPA  


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

25

5.2 Responsible Supply Chain 

As a provider of eCommerce logistics and trusted communications, we form an integral 

part of our customers’ supply chain. To enable SingPost to provide a reliable service, build 

trust with our stakeholders and deliver value to them, we recognise the need to select 

suppliers and partners who share our values and principles, and commit to responsible 

practices.   

Our Group Procurement function plays a pivotal role in SingPost’s supply chain 

management. It provides oversight over the purchasing processes, establishing and 

implementing the provisions laid out in the Group Procurement Policy. It works with 

all departments in the Group to procure goods, works and services in the most cost 

effective and timely manner, and ensures that the contractual terms and conditions for 

the procurement comply with standard terms of contract and the requirements of 

the departments. 

Procurement Policy 

The SingPost Purchasing Manual sets out the objectives, overall approach, key principles 

and procedures for the acquisition of goods, works and services related to the operations 

of the Group’s entities. Our Purchasing Manual commits all directors and employees 

who are involved with the procuring of goods and services to follow the principles 

that our actions are: 

 

 

•	

able	to	support	operational	needs;	

•	

not	illegal;		

•	

accountable,	transparent	and	auditable;		

•	

ethical;		

•	

environmentally	friendly;	

 

•	

able	to	uphold	social	responsibility;		

•	

economically	effective;		

•	

capable	of	being	managed	from	a	risk	perspective;	

•	

capable	of	being	improved	continuously;	and	

•	

undertaken with adherence to the highest level of ethical standards and adoption 

 

of a fair and equitable treatment of suppliers. 

The Purchasing Manual is currently being reviewed. We review the policy and procedures 

at least once a year to ensure that we maintain relevance to developments in the 

marketplace. 

Supplier Code of Conduct

The Supplier Code of Conduct is an important element of our supplier management 

approach. The contents of our Supplier Code of Conduct are based on the principles 

set out in the United Nations Global Compact with respect to Human Rights, Labour, 

Environment and Anti-Corruption. The Supplier Code of Conduct allows our values and 

principles to be embedded in our supply chain and addresses the following key 

sustainability agenda: 

•	

Law	and	regulations	

•	

Ethical	standards

•	

Health	and	safety

•	

Environment

•	

Human	rights,	discrimination	and	labour	standards

•	

Business	continuity	planning

In entering into a contract with SingPost and accepting our Conditions of Contract, 

our suppliers would have been deemed to have access to and are ready to comply 

with the Supplier Code of Conduct. Our Conditions of Contract further compels 

suppliers to comply with and support the provisions of the PDPA. 

For more information, please refer to the Supplier Code of Conduct in the Corporate 

Governance section of our website at singpost.com. 

As at 31 March 2018, there were a total of 704 suppliers used by our Singapore 

operations, a decrease from 731 suppliers in FY2016/7. The reduction was due to a 

rationalisation of the supplier base for better partnering and bulk pricing.  

It is necessary for our suppliers and partners to observe, work towards and adhere to 

our social and environmental agenda laid out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. 

We are working on a risk-based approach to assess and follow up on selected suppliers’ 

observation of the Code of Conduct. We are also currently looking at leveraging 

technology to enable the workflow of interacting and communicating with suppliers. 

Such solutions will support our principles of being transparent and accord fair 

and equitable treatment of suppliers. 

 

Target

Performance

Screen suppliers with social and/or 

environmental criteria 

Working on a risk-based approach 

to assess and follow up on selected 

suppliers’ observation of the Suppliers 

Code of Conduct


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

26

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Organisational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation  

Singapore Post Limited

N.A.

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Organisational Profile

4

102-3

Location of headquarters

Organisational Profile

4

102-4

Location of operations

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

14

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Organisational Profile

4

102-6

Markets served

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

14

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Organisational Profile

Sustainability Strategy

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

4

8

14, 33

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Organisational Profile

4

102-9

Supply chain

Responsible Supply Chain

25

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

10-13

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

55-59

102-12

External initiatives

Organisational Profile

5

102-13

Membership of associations

Stakeholder Engagement

12-13

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

3

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Organisational Profile

4

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption

17

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

Sustainability Governance Structure

43-44

9

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Sustainability Governance Structure

9

GRI Content Index


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

27

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement 

12-13

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Approximately 51% of our staff are covered by collective bargaining agreement.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement 

12-13

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement 

12-13

102-44

Key	topics	and	concerns	raised

Stakeholder Engagement 

12-13

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

SingPost Annual Report 2017/18

190-198

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About the Report

3

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

13

102-48

Restatements of information

This is SingPost’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-49

Changes in reporting

This is SingPost’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-50

Reporting period

About the Report

3

102-51

Date of most recent report

This is SingPost’s inaugural sustainability report.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

N.A.

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About the Report

3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About the Report

3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

26-28

102-56

External assurance

About the Report

3

Topic-specific GRI Standard Disclosures

Compliance with Laws and Regulations  

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

14-16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

14-16

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

16

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic 

area

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

16

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption 

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

17

GRI 205: Anti-corruption  

2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

17

GRI Content Index


SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2017/18

28

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

Business Continuity Planning    

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Business Continuity Planning

18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Business Continuity Planning

18

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (from company controlled transport fleet) 

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

19-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

19-22

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

20-21

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

20

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

21

Data Security and Privacy

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Data Security and Privacy

23-24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Data Security and Privacy

23-24

GRI 418: Customer 

privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and losses of customer data 

Data Security and Privacy

24

Responsible Supply Chain

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Materiality Assessment

12-13

103-2

The management approach and its components

Responsible Supply Chain

25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Responsible Supply Chain

25

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

Responsible Supply Chain

25

GRI 414: Supplier 

Social Assessment

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

Responsible Supply Chain

25

GRI Content Index






SINGAPORE POST LIMITED

Co. Reg. No. 199201623M

Registered Office 10 Eunos Road 8, Singapore Post Centre, Singapore 408600

www.singpost.com

