



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Sustainability 

Approach

08

01

Introduction

Connecting  

Lives17

Connecting  

Communities

74

Connecting  

the Future

97

Sustainability Journey

Sustainability Highlights

Our Response to Covid-19

Sustainability Governance

Sustainability Strategy and 

Materiality

Sustainability Ambitions

Timeless Connections

Governance

Employees

Safety

Customer-focus

Suppliers

Shareholders

Society

Environment

List of Key Abbreviations  

and Acronyms

Definitions and 

Methodologies

GRI Content Index

08

09

10

13

14

15

16

18

28

47

61

75

86

93

98

129

130

134

Message by Singapore 

Airlines CEO

About the Report

About Singapore Airlines

Route Network

Fleet Information

01

02

04

05

07

Appendices

129

Contents


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Connecting Lives, Communities and the Future

In this year’s report, the theme of Timeless Connections has been chosen to detail our 

sustainability journey. 

Beyond connecting cities and destinations as an airline, we connect lives, 

communities, as well as the future. These form the three sections in this year’s 

sustainability report, which will cover our seven material topics: 

 

We identified our key contributions to the United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs) based on our material topics. This is detailed on page 15 of the report. 

We continue to prioritise three of the 17 goals, which are relevant to our Company’s 

sustainability strategy and long-term targets. These are: 

• Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and 

productive employment and decent work for all

• Goal 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns

• Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impact



MESSAGE BY SINGAPORE AIRLINES CEO

The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has been deep and wide, affecting many 

countries and industries globally.

At the closing of this report, this crisis continues to have a significant impact on 

the aviation industry amid the unprecedented global travel restrictions and border 

closures. As a result, airlines around the world have been pre-occupied with survival 

and recovery.

However, even during this period of uncertainty, the SIA Group’s commitment 

to sustainability remains strong. We continue to be invested in conducting our 

businesses responsibly, and integrating sustainability into our operations.

Elevating Sustainability 

Reporting Standards

During the year, we continued to 

look at how we could improve our 

sustainability reporting in the areas 

of transparency and accessibility.  

For instance, we have clearly tagged 

the corresponding GRI Standards 

relevant to each section, as well as 

the SDGs that the sections support. 

This increases clarity and 

transparency within the report, 

elevating our standard of reporting, 

as well as our efforts to continuously 

improve in this area.

The Road Ahead

The Covid-19 crisis has created 

several headwinds for the aviation 

industry. Yet, in many ways, it has 

also generated a strong momentum 

for change and illuminated the 

importance of critical environmental, 

social, and governance factors in the 

new normal. 

Our next Transformation chapter will 

see the Group taking a fundamental 

relook at our business. Together with 

the stakeholders in our sustainability 

journey – our employees, customers, 

governments, suppliers, shareholders 

and communities – we will come out 

from the crisis stronger. 

Please stay safe and well.

With regards,

Goh Choon Phong 

Chief Executive Officer  

Singapore Airlines

Connecting Lives

• Governance 

• Employees

• Safety

• Customer-focus

Connecting Communities 

• Suppliers 

• Shareholders

Connecting the Future 

• Environment  

102-14

Commitment in Sustainability 

Recognising the importance of sustainability well ahead of our peers, we published 

our first Environment Report to communicate our environmental initiatives and 

performance in 2001. In 2013, we released our first Sustainability Report, three years 

ahead of the mandatory reporting requirements by Singapore Exchange. A year later, 

we published our report in line with the GRI-G4 reporting guidelines. 

SIA has been a signatory to the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact 

since 2018. This report serves to communicate our efforts to support and uphold 

these principles, and supplements our Active Level Communication on Progress (COP).

Mapping Our Sustainability Journey

We have one of the youngest fleets in the world, comprising technologically advanced 

and fuel-efficient models such as the Airbus A350 and Boeing 787. Investing in new 

aircraft is the most immediate and effective way for airlines to reduce their carbon 

emissions, and the SIA Group is a clear leader in this area in the industry.

At the same time, we have also contributed to a greener planet in many other ways, as 

well as engaged our stakeholders and participated in meaningful community efforts. 

A dedicated Sustainability Office was set up in December 2019, looking into all 

aspects of our operations and coordinating long-term sustainability initiatives across 

our business units. This office reports to me directly, underscoring our commitment to 

do more as a Group collectively.

The SIA Board also recognises the importance of sustainability, with the Customer 

Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee overseeing the topic. The 

Board steers the management in ensuring that SIA’s long-term value creation is 

achieved with environmental, social and governance factors as guiding principles at 

all times. This will ensure that sustainability is an integral part of SIA’s operations and 

will be anchored at every level of the organisation.  

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

1


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

United Nations (UN) Global Compact  

SIA is a signatory to the Ten Principles of the 

UN Global Compact. Our report serves as 

our Active Level Communication on Progress 

(COP) which details our actions to embed the Ten Principles into our business 

strategies and operations. The following indicates the tags that we have used 

throughout our report whenever a section aligns with a principle:



This is the eighth Sustainability Report of Singapore Airlines. In 2013, we voluntarily published our first Sustainability Report and, since then, have been committed 

to disclosing our sustainability information in a transparent and open manner.  

Reporting Framework and Initiatives

Sustainability reporting enables us to better communicate our management approach and the performance of SIA’s material economic, environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics with our stakeholders. It enables us to identify opportunities, helping us better 

measure, monitor and manage these sustainability topics at all levels of our organisation. We recognise the role we play in sustainable development and endeavour to work closely with all stakeholders in enhancing and integrating sustainability across our value chain. 

Our GRI Content Index, located on page 134, summarises the GRI Standards 

selected for reporting. It also directs readers to the appropriate references in this 

Sustainability Report and other publicly available resources published by SIA. 

About the report 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option.  

The GRI  Standards are selected as it represents the global best practice for reporting 

on an organisation’s sustainability impacts.  

The following indicates an example of a tag that we use throughout our report 

whenever a disclosure is made in line with a GRI Standard disclosure: 

Singapore Exchange (SGX) Sustainability Reporting Listing Rules  

and Guide

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the five primary components set 

out by the SGX-ST Listing Rules 711B and takes reference from the SGX Sustainability 

Reporting Guide, which provides guidelines on component requirements and 

reporting principles.

Tag Example

Tag

Principle

Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed  

human rights.

PR-1

Businesses should make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.

PR-2

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the 

right to collective bargaining.

PR-3

Businesses should uphold the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour.

PR-4

Businesses should uphold the effective abolition of child labour. 

PR-5

Businesses should uphold the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment  

and occupation.

PR-6

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges.

PR-7

Businesses should undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility.

PR-8

Businesses should encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally-  

friendly technologies.

PR-9

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.

PR-10

102-12

102-54

UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 

SIA supports the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the 17 SDGs, with 

a priority on SDGs                     . In our report, we mapped our key contributions to the 

SDGs through the management of our material sustainability topics. The following 

indicates the icons that we have used throughout our report whenever a section aligns  

with an SDG:

Icon

Icon

Goal

Goal





End poverty in all its forms 

everywhere

End hunger, achieve food security 

and improved nutrition and promote 

sustainable agriculture

Ensure healthy lives and promote 

well-being for all at all ages

Ensure inclusive and equitable  

quality education and promote  

lifelong learning opportunities for all

Achieve gender equality and 

empower all women and girls

Ensure availability and sustainable 

management of water and sanitation 

for all

Ensure access to affordable, reliable, 

sustainable and modern  energy for all

Promote sustained, inclusive and 

sustainable economic growth, full and 

productive employment and decent 

work for all

Build resilient infrastructure, 

promote inclusive and sustainable 

industrialisation and foster innovation

Make cities and human settlements 

inclusive, safe, resilient and 

sustainable

Reduce inequality within and among 

countries

Ensure sustainable consumption and 

production patterns

Take urgent action to combat 

climate change and its impacts

Conserve and sustainably use the 

oceans, seas and marine resources 

for sustainable development

Protect, restore and promote 

sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, 

sustainably manage forests, combat 

desertification, and halt and reverse land 

degradation and halt biodiversity loss

Promote peaceful and inclusive societies 

for sustainable development, provide 

access to justice for all and build effective, 

accountable and inclusive institutions at 

all levels

Strengthen the means of implementation 

and revitalise the global partnership for 

sustainable development

Standard number

Disclosure number

ABB-CC































INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

2


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

About the report (continued) 

Reporting Period 

The reporting period covers SIA’s financial year 2019/20 (FY2019/20) from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020. Data and information  

from past reporting cycles have been included, where available. Our report is published on an annual basis, with our last report  

published in June 2019. 

Reporting Scope

The SIA Group’s business is organised and managed separately according to the nature of services provided. All sustainability 

data and information presented in our report primarily relates to three of our reportable businesses – Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. The sustainability data and information relating to Singapore Airlines Engineering Company 

(SIAEC) is disclosed separately in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our subsidiary.

Reporting Quality

While we have not sought external assurance for our report, we have systems of internal controls in place that are important to 

assess the quality of data and information reported. Since publishing our first Sustainability Report in 2013, we have been working 

closely with external consultants to perform an annual gap analysis to continually improve on the quality of the report. 

SilkAir provides passenger air transportation, with a focus on the full-service 

passenger segment serving regional markets.

Scoot provides passenger air transportation, with a focus on the low-cost  

passenger segment.

Other services provided by the SIA Group, such as the training of pilots, air charters  

and tour wholesaling, have been aggregated under ‘Others’.

Others

Singapore Airlines provides passenger and cargo air transportation, with a focus on 

the full-service passenger segment serving short to long-haul markets.

Organisation

Description of Services

Coverage  

in this SR









102-45

102-2

102-50

102-51

102-52

102-56



In Scope

Not In Scope

SIAEC is in the business of providing airframe maintenance and overhaul services, 

line maintenance, technical ground handling servics and fleet management. It also 

manufactures aircraft cabin equipment, refurbishes aircraft galleys, provides technical 

and non-technical handling services, as well as repair and overhaul of hydro-mechanical 

aircraft equipment.

Our report should be read in tandem with the SIA Annual Report FY2019/20 and the SIAEC Sustainability Report FY2019/20 

for a more comprehensive overview of the SIA Group’s sustainability performance.

SIA Annual Report FY2019/20

SIAEC Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

3


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

About Singapore Airlines 

The Singapore Airlines Group’s history dates back to 1947. Since its establishment, Singapore 

Airlines’ commitment to service excellence, product leadership and network connectivity has 

distinguished it as a world-class international airline group.

Today, we continue to expand our horizons to offer more than just a Great Way to Fly. With our world-famous Singapore Girl as the iconic symbol of quality 

customer care and service, we strive to push the boundaries of what we can achieve, both on the ground and in the air.

203

fleet size3

82.4 %

passenger load factor2

171,211.2 mil

available seat-kilometres

141

destinations4

revenue passenger-kilometres

Our Mission Statement 

Singapore Airlines is a global company dedicated to providing air 

transportation services of the highest quality and to maximising returns 

for the benefit of its shareholders and employees.

Our Principal Activities

Our principal activities consist of passenger and cargo air transportation, 

engineering services, training of pilots, air charters, as well as tour 

wholesaling and related activities.

Our Memberships

We are a member of Star Alliance, the International Air Transport 

Association (IATA), the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), the 

Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users Group (SAFUG) and the Singapore 

Institute of Directors (SID), among other groups. We are also 

represented in various committees and working groups as part of our 

membership in these groups.

FY2019/20 Numbers for the SIA Group1

Our Core Values 

Excellence 

Integrity

Care

Customer-focus

Safety

Teamwork 

140,998.5 mil

35.8 mil

passengers carried

1 As at 31 March 2020, including destinations originally scheduled up to end-April 2020. For more information, please refer to the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report. 

2 Maximum passenger load factor achieved in FY2019/20, not taking into account the impact of the Covid-19 outbreak. 

3 Excludes six Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft that are currently not in service, and includes freighter aircraft.  

4 Includes destinations served by both passenger and freighter aircraft, as well as destinations that we used to serve before the Covid-19 outbreak. 

102-2

102-16

102-13

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

4


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Europe

South East Asia

5 Includes destinations served by both passenger 

and freighter aircraft, as well as destinations that 

we have temporarily stopped flying to due to the 

Covid-19 outbreak.

Singapore Airlines  (Passenger Aircraft)

Scoot

SilkAir

The Americas

South East Asia (Continued)

North Asia

West Asia and Africa (Continued)

Anchorage

Dallas / Fort Worth

Houston

Los Angeles

New York ( John F. Kennedy )

New York ( Newark Liberty )

San Francisco

Seattle

Shenzhen

Taipei

Tianjin

Tokyo (Haneda)

Tokyo (Narita)

Wuhan

Wuxi

Xiamen

Xi’an

Zhengzhou

Beijing

Busan

Changsha

Chengdu

Chongqing

Fukuoka

Fuzhou

Guangzhou

Haikou

Hangzhou

Harbin

Hong Kong SAR

Jinan

Kaohsiung

Kunming

Macau SAR

Nagoya

Nanchang

Nanjing

Nanning

Ningbo

Osaka

Qingdao

Sapporo 

Seoul

Shanghai

Shenyang

Destination

Destination

Destination

Destination

Destination

Destination

Airline

Airline

Airline

Airline

Airline

Airline

Kolkata

Male

Mumbai

Nairobi

New Delhi

Sharjah

Thiruvananthapuram

Tiruchirappalli

Visakhapatnam

Legend

Koh Samui

Kota Bharu

Kota Kinabalu

Krabi

Kuala Lumpur

Kuantan

Kuching

Langkawi

Lombok

Luang Prabang

Makassar

Manado

Mandalay

Manila

Medan

Palembang

Pekanbaru

Penang

Phnom Penh

Phuket

Semarang

Siem Reap

Singapore

Surabaya

Vientiane

Yangon

Yogyakarta

North Asia (Continued)

Amsterdam

Athens

Barcelona

Berlin  

Brussels

Copenhagen

Dusseldorf

Frankfurt

Istanbul

London

Manchester

Milan

Moscow

Munich

Paris

Rome

Stockholm

Zurich

Balikpapan

Bandar Seri Begawan

Bandung

Bangkok (Don Mueang)

Bangkok (Suvarnabhumi)

Cebu

Chiang Mai

Clark

Da Nang

Davao

Denpasar

Hanoi 

Hat Yai

Ho Chi Minh City

Ipoh

Jakarta

South West Pacific

West Asia and Africa

Adelaide

Auckland

Brisbane

Cairns

Canberra

Christchurch

Darwin

Gold Coast

Melbourne

Perth

Sydney

Wellington

Ahmedabad

Amritsar

Bengaluru

Cape Town

Chennai

Coimbatore 

Colombo

Dhaka

Dubai

Hyderabad

Jeddah 

Johannesburg

Kathmandu

Kochi

Singapore Airlines

66 destinations

SilkAir

36 destinations 

Scoot 

68 destinations

Route network





102-2

102-4 

102-6 

102-7

As of 31 March 2020, the Singapore Airlines Group’s passenger and freighter network covers 141 destinations5. 

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Aircraft)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

5


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





Route network (continued)

Network Changes in FY2019/20

• Launch of non-stop services to Seattle, the fifth US city in SIA’s network, in 

September 2019

• Milan frequency increased from six weekly flights to daily from July 2019

• Copenhagen frequency stepped up from five times weekly to daily from January 

2020

• Services to Wellington via Melbourne increased to five times weekly from four 

times weekly, from January 2020

• Addition of a third daily service to Osaka’s Kansai International Airport to meet 

growing travel demand between Singapore and Japan from April 2019, bringing  

the total weekly frequency to 21

• Johannesburg frequency increased from daily to 10 times weekly from  

March 2019

• Stepped up existing Bengaluru daily services to 10 times, due to a partial transfer 

from Scoot from May 2019

• Took over SilkAir’s services to Busan from October 2019

•  Announced route joint ventures with Malaysia Airlines in October 2019 and  

All Nippon Airways in January 2020 

• Continued to expand network reach with existing codeshare partners such as 

Alaska Airlines

• Launch of flights between Singapore and Busan in May 2019

• Cairns frequency stepped up from five times weekly to daily from June 2019

• Darwin frequency increased to daily from six times weekly, from July 2019

• Stepped up existing daily Singapore-Danang services to 10 times per week, with 

further increased frequency to 11 times per week from December 2019

• Increased the frequency of services to Bengaluru, Cebu, Davao, Nepal and Surabaya

• Shenzhen frequency increased from daily to 12 times weekly, as Scoot transferred 

its services to SilkAir from Scoot from June 2019

• Penang and Phuket each had their frequency stepped up with a sixth daily service

• Increased services to Kochi to twice daily, due to a transfer of services from Scoot 

in November 2019

• Discontinued the Yangon-Mandalay circular flight. Mandalay services were 

operated on a seasonal basis between November 2019 and January 2020

• Ceased services to Hiroshima and Kolkata in March 2020

• Ceased services to Luang Prabang and Vientiane in March 2019 and transferred 

these routes to Scoot to begin operations in April 2019

• Commenced flights to four cities in China – Changsha, Fuzhou, Kunming and 

Wuhan

• Launched flights to three cities in India – Coimbatore, Trivandrum and 

Visakhapatnam

• Launched flights to Kota Bharu, Kota Kinabalu, Luang Prabang and Vientiane, and 

took on additional frequencies to Chiang Mai from SilkAir

In early 2020, the global spread of Covid-19 resulted 

in dampened travel sentiment and border restrictions 

implemented across the world. Due to the outbreak, 

the SIA Group reduced its capacity for Mainland China 

routes from January 2020. The growing scale of the 

virus led SIA and SilkAir to further cut capacity to other 

regions, reducing network capacity by 50 per cent in 

mid-March 20206 and eventually announcing that the 

scheduled passenger capacity from April to June 2020 

would be cut by 96 per cent.

6  For flights originally scheduled up to end-April 2020.

102-10

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

6


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

102-2 

102-7 

AVERAGE FLEET AGE 

122 in fleet  68 on order

5 years 5 months 

AIRBUS A330-300

8 in fleet

AIRBUS A350-900 

48 in fleet 19 on order

AIRBUS A380-800 

19 in fleet  

BOEING  777-300/300ER

32 in fleet  

BOEING  777-9

20 on order  











BOEING  787-10

15 in fleet   29 on order



Singapore Airlines aircraft images 

courtesy of YuccaStudio

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

fleet information

7

Singapore Airlines Group Fleet

Our 203-aircraft8 strong fleet is one of the most modern and fuel-efficient fleets in the world.

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Aircraft)

SilkAir 

Scoot 

AVERAGE FLEET AGE 

16 years 4 months 

AVERAGE FLEET AGE 

AVERAGE FLEET AGE 

25

9 in fleet  31 on order

6 years 2 months 

49 in fleet  51 on order

5 years 8 months 

7 in fleet

AIRBUS A319

2 in fleet

AIRBUS A320 

6 in fleet

AIRBUS A320

26 in fleet

AIRBUS A320NEO

3 in fleet  30 on order

BOEING  787-8 

10 in fleet  3 on order  





BOEING  737 MAX 8 

6 in fleet  31 on order 

(not in service)



BOEING 737-800

17 in fleet  





7 Information is correct as at 31 March 2020. 

8 Our operating fleet includes aircraft that were withdrawn from service for temporary  

   storage due to significant capacity cuts arising from the Covid-19 outbreak.  

9 Excludes six Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft that are currently not in service.

BOEING 747-400 FREIGHTER

AIRBUS A321NEO

16 on order

BOEING  787-9 

10 in fleet  2 on order  

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Aircraft)  

7 in fleet  o on order

7


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20







 

Sustainability  

journey 

1992 

SIA sets up the Environment 

Unit under the Safety and 

Security department, and 

issues its first Environmental 

Statement. 

1996 

SIA conducts environmental 

awareness training for 4,000 

employees, over a 10-month period. 

2001 

SIA publishes its first Environment Report FY2000/01 to 

communicate environmental initiatives and performance. 

2009 

SIA supports IATA’s three climate goals and Four-

Pillar Strategy. The goals and strategy aim to reduce 

carbon emissions and decarbonise the aviation sector 

collectively.

The SIA Training Centre wins the 10th ASEAN Energy 

Efficient Building Award in the Retrofitted Building 

Category. The building retrofit initiatives achieved a 

total energy savings of 2.47 Gwh or 18.8 per cent in  

FY2008/09 compared to the previous year. 

2010 

SIA commits to rainforest preservation by supporting the Harapan 

Rainforest Initiative as the exclusive airline partner. This large-scale 

green project aims to restore ecosystems threatened by deforestation 

and the conservation of a rainforest. 

2011 

SIA takes another step towards greener skies by joining 

the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users Group (SAFUG), 

which focuses on accelerating the development and 

commercialisation of  sustainable aviation fuel. 

2010 

SIA successfully completes the world’s first multi-sector 

demonstration green flight under the Asia and Pacific Initiative 

to Reduce Emissions (ASPIRE) programme, which aims to 

promote environmental stewardship in the region. SQ11, which 

operates from Los Angeles to Singapore via Tokyo, achieves 

fuel savings of more than 10 tonnes and a reduction in carbon 

emissions of more than 33 tonnes. 

2012 

SIA implements the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct to promote 

sustainable development. It is prepared in line with the Ten 

Principles of the UN Global Compact around human rights, labour, 

environment and anti-corruption.

SIA is the Official Airline for the Giant Panda collaborative 

programme between Wildlife Reserves Singapore and the China 

Wildlife Conservation Association, and helped transport the giant 

pandas Kai Kai and Jia Jia to Singapore on board an SIA Cargo 

Boeing 747-400 freighter from Chengdu, China.

2013 

SIA publishes its first 

Sustainability Report 

in FY2012/13, ahead 

of SGX introducing 

sustainability reporting 

on a “comply or explain” 

basis in June 2016. A 

year later, SIA published 

its report in line with 

the GRI-G4 reporting 

guidelines.

2015 

SIA organises a series of community events to commemorate 

Singapore’s Golden Jubilee, including an Airbus A380 Charity 

Flight for more than 300 beneficiaries from the Community 

Chest of Singapore.

2016 

SGX recognises SIA 

as a frontrunner in 

environmental, social and 

governance standards by 

including SIA in the new SGX 

Sustainability Leaders Index.

SIA takes delivery of its first 

Airbus A350-900, which is 

one of the most fuel-efficient 

aircraft in its fleet.

2017 

In partnership with the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, SIA operates a 

series of 12 green package flights over a three-month period from May on its  

non-stop San Francisco-Singapore route. It highlights SIA’s commitment to 

sustainable growth and to the reduction of international aviation emissions.

SIA introduces a ‘From Farm to Plane’ concept to promote environmental 

sustainability and support local farmers’ communities. Singapore Airlines intends 

to use more sustainable and meatless ingredients, as well as local produce, in its 

in-flight meals.

SIA signs the United for Wildlife Transport Taskforce Buckingham  Palace 

Declaration in support of efforts to prevent illegal trafficking and transportation 

of wildlife and their products. 

2018 

SIA aims to be entirely plastic straw-free on board our flights by September 2019, replacing them with 

environmentally-friendly paper straws. 

SIA takes a Climate Action Pledge to  declare our readiness to fight climate change alongside like-minded 

organisations and members of the public. SIA launches an inaugural Environment Roadshow, in line with 

the Singapore government’s designation of 2018 as the Year of  Climate Action.  

SIA is the first to fly the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner, one of the most fuel-efficient aircraft in its fleet.

2008 

SIA Cargo is voted as the ’Best Green Service Provider 

Airline’ by readers of Cargo News Asia – a leading 

shipping, supply chain and cargo transport newspaper. 

2002 

SIA is one of the five airlines selected, and the only 

company from Singapore, to be included in the Dow Jones 

Sustainability World Indexes (DJSI World).

SIA’s Environment Report FY2001/02 wins the inaugural 

Singapore Environmental Reporting Award in 2002.

2005 

The SIA Environment Report FY2004/05 wins the 

Runner Up Best Environmental Report in the Association 

of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Singapore 

Environmental &amp; Social Reporting Awards 2005.

2000 

SIA initiates the Corporate 

Occupational Safety, Health and 

Environment (OSHE) Management 

System to track environment 

performance data for management 

dashboard and sustainability reporting.

1993 

SIA pledges support to the 

Singapore Business Charter 

for Sustainable Development, 

demonstrating our 

commitment to protecting the 

environment.

2019  

SIA unveils its new digital innovation lab, KrisLab, as part of the SIA Group’s significant 

investment programme to become the world’s leading digital airline. KrisLab seeks to 

support Singapore’s open innovation ecosystem to develop digital ideas and solutions 

through collaboration with start-ups, small- and medium-sized enterprises, as well as 

industry partners.

SIA transforms its staff canteen to be an eco-friendly canteen by eliminating styrofoam and 

installing an eco-digester to convert food waste and canteen waste into refuse derived fuel.

SIA sets up the Sustainability Office to enhance its sustainability strategy and framework, 

and drive sustainability initiatives across the SIA Group.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

8


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



98,555 hectares 

of lowland tropical forest 

covered by the ecosystem 

restoration  concession under 

the Harapan Rainforest Initiative

2,787 trees 

replanted under the Harapan 

Rainforest Initiative, with 260 

hectares of forest restored

228,317 TJ 

of energy consumed for all SIA 

operations

16.3 mil tonnes CO2e 

total Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

emissions 

120 kWh/m2 

electricity intensity for SIA 

buildings and offices in Singapore

Most Attractive 

Employer in 

Singapore 

awarded to Singapore Airlines 

in 2019 by Randstad

28,160 

total employees in the  

SIA Group

S$43.5 mil 

investment in learning and 

development of employees

12% 

overall new hire rate of SIA 

employees

0 

significant fines or 

non-monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance with 

environmental, health and 

safety laws and regulations

0 

work-related fatalities and high 

consequence work-related 

injuries for employees and 

key contractors

0 

cases of recordable work-related 

ill health for employees and key 

contractors

11.13 LTK/AG 

overall fuel productivity for fleet

63,803 tonnes CO2e 

total estimated GHG 

emissions saved as a result 

of our fuel reduction and 

efficiency measures across 

our fleet 

388 tonnes 

of waste recycled from our flights 

100% 

of our fleet meets the 2004 

ICAO CAEP/6 or the stricter 

CAEP/8 emissions standards 

for NOx

Sustainability 

highlights

↓ 19% 

decrease in our average 

delayed or lost baggage rate

&gt;150 

publications available for 

download through the 

e-Library of our SingaporeAir 

mobile app

&gt;500 

brands available on revamped 

KrisShop, with over 20 dedicated 

online shopfronts

0 

substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy

1,455 tonnes 

of  waste generated at SIA 

buildings in Singapore

0.7 tonnes 

estimated staff canteen 

waste recycled onsite by 

eco-digester daily

77 tonnes 

of waste recycled at SIA 

buildings in Singapore

171,042 m3 

total water withdrawal for SIA 

buildings and offices in Singapore

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

9


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report 2019/20



OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

We will weather these turbulent times with you. When the 

storm clears, we will be ready to welcome you back on board 

and deliver the exceptional SIA experience that you expect 

and are familiar with. 

Responding to the impact of the Covid-19 outbreak has been our focus since the start of 2020. Despite 

the uncertainty, we are staying grounded to our roots, our values and vision for all our stakeholders. 

We see this as an opportunity to take a step back and look at the bigger picture of what sustainable 

development means to us. In April 2020, we set up an internal task force to spearhead plans on how we 

can do more for our stakeholders and forge stronger, resilient relationships post-Covid-19. More than 

ever, we recognise that our stakeholders are a part of our shared journey.

Employees

The health and safety of our employees and our relationships with them matter deeply to us. We desire to work with them to establish mutually-reinforcing 

support systems that can ensure our long-term sustainability.

We are using this time to equip our employees with new skills and knowledge that will be required in the future economy. They are also provided with 

opportunities to give back to the community or try out new experiences such as being a Care or Transport Ambassador.

Dedicated Employee  

Support Portal

 One-stop platform for communication 

with employees on  

Covid-19-related matters

Enhanced Health and Safety Measures

 Personal protective equipment (PPE), 

temperature screening and declaration, 

enhanced cleaning and disinfection,  

facility closures, social distancing,  

work from home

Prudent Cost-cutting Initiatives  

to Protect Jobs 

Cuts in Board of Director fees and 

Management salaries, voluntary and 

compulsory no-pay leave schemes,  

hiring freeze

Job Support Programme 

Alternative employment opportunities, 

additional earning and new experiences. 

These include our Care Ambassador and 

Transport Ambassador Programmes

Financial Support 

Financial assistance schemes  

through banks and government agencies

Upskill and Enrich Employees

Shorter work months with learning and 

volunteering opportunities

For more details on our Covid-19 response for our employees, please refer to page 46 of this report.  

For more details on our Covid-19 response on our health and safety measures, please refer to pages 59 to 60 of this report.

102-10

Information accurate as of 30 June 2020.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

10


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report 2019/20

Our top priority is the health and safety of our customers. We introduced a slew of health and safety measures and continue to make adjustments to 

our operations based on the evolving situation. 

We understand the level of stress and anxiety that our customers are going through and do not take their support for granted. We remain connected 

with them and keep them updated on how best we can flexibly support them on their travel plans.

Customers

Dedicated Covid-19 

Information Centre 

One-stop platform for 

communications with 

customers

Covid-19 Assistance  

Request Form

Service automation  

for greater efficiency

Bolstered Customer  

Service and  

Handling Capacity

 More than 460 employees 

volunteered to handle the surge in 

customer enquiries at our call centres, 

service centre and social media 

Enhanced Health and 

Safety Measures

Complimentary Care Kit, 

temperature screening 

 and declaration,  

enhanced cleaning and 

disinfection

Adjustments to  

In-flight Service

Limited onboard interactions, 

changes in service and  

meal offerings to minimise contact

Global Travel  

Waiver Policy

Full refunds, bonus flight credits, 

flexibility to rebook

PPS and KrisFlyer 

Members’ Recognition

Membership extension, proactive 

tier upgrades, extension of 

various rewards and benefits

Governments

Flights with  

Special Approval

Flying Singaporeans and 

permanent residents home, 

and foreign nationals back  

to theirs

Maintaining Airfreight 

Supply Lines for  

Essential Goods

Medical supplies, PPE, 

phamaceuticals and fresh food

Partnering with CAAS,  

CAG and MINDEF

Parking of aircraft while 

ensuring they are appropriately 

maintained during this period of 

depressed demand and activity

Government Support 

Wage support through Jobs 

Support Scheme, cost reliefs 

for rents, rebates on landing 

and parking charges

We remain steadfast in supporting the measures imposed by governments around the world and continue to be 

compliant with the border controls and travel restrictions. 

We adopt a coordinated approach with the Singapore government and continue to play a crucial role in efforts 

to keep the country’s airfreight supply lines for essential goods open. Above all, we do our best to connect 

people with their loved ones around the world.



OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 (continued)

For more details on our Covid-19 response for our customers, please refer to page 72 of this report.  

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

11


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report 2019/20

 

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 (continued)

Suppliers and Partners

Shareholders

Communities

The Covid-19 outbreak has had an unprecedented impact on the global supply 

chain and is the greatest challenge in aviation history. We strive to maintain 

collaborative relationships with our suppliers and business partners to respond 

swiftly to our shared challenges. 

As disruptions continue to intensify, we recognise the role we must play to 

enable the continuous flow of essential goods around the world. We endeavour 

to maximise the use of our freighter fleet, schedule cargo-only passenger flights 

and ad hoc charter flights where opportunities arise.

Our shareholders are important to us. We continue to engage them, address their 

concerns and provide timely disclosures. Decisive steps are being taken to keep our 

strategic priorities intact. 

We have also commenced on an agile plan to restart our operations, which will 

enable us to capitalise on opportunities in the current situation. The way we 

collectively respond to this crisis will greatly shape our long-term sustainability and 

boost our capability for sustainable value creation.

Since our humble beginnings, we have fostered strong bonds and inculcated a 

sense of responsibility towards the communities we serve. 

We are proud that many of our employees have epitomised the SIA spirit 

by volunteering as frontline ambassadors in the fight against Covid-19 in 

Singapore, by taking up important roles in the healthcare, transport and social 

service sectors.

Cargo-only Passenger flights

Regulatory approval for in-house loading and 

strapping procedures to carry cargo in the 

cabins of passenger aircraft

Volunteering and Redeployment of 

Cabin Crew for Community Support

Care Ambassadors, Transport Ambassadors,  

and other social services

Ongoing Engagement and Transparent 

Disclosures

Address key queries in a timely and accountable 

manner

Working With Our Aircraft 

Manufacturers

Ongoing discussions to negotiate adjustment to 

delivery streams for existing aircraft orders

Medical, Food and Humanitarian Support

Specially mounted flights for uplift of essential 

goods to and from key destinations

Managing Liquidity and Cash 

Requirements

Tapping on lines of credit maintained for 

contingency situations, exploring other sources 

of funding

Raising Capital Through the Issuance 

of Rights Shares and Rights Mandatory 

Convertible Bonds

To address near-term liquidity requirements and 

build financial resilience

Getting Ready to Restart Our 

Operations

Task force to plan and coordinate our new 

Transformation chapter

Anticipating Potential Supply  

Chain Disruptions 

Working closely with SATS Ltd and  

other suppliers and partners to monitor the 

evolving situation

Supporting Singapore’s Community 

Care Facilities for Covid-19 patients

Donations of amenity items such as blankets, 

eye shades and ear plugs

For more details on our Covid-19 response for our shareholders, please refer to page 90 

of this report.

For more details on our Covid-19 response for our communities, please refer to page 45 

of this report.

For more details on our Covid-19 response for our suppliers and partners, please 

refer to page 85 of this report.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

12


















Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Sustainability governance

We have a long-standing commitment in 

the continual integration of sustainability into 

every aspect of our business.

To achieve our sustainability goals, clear lines of accountability are of 

paramount importance and enable us to strengthen our decision-making.

Board Statement

The Board recognises the 

importance of sustainability. 

It steers the Management 

Committee in ensuring that 

SIA’s long-term value creation 

is achieved with environmental, 

social and governance factors 

as guiding principles at all times. 

Sustainability is an integral part 

of SIA’s operations and will be 

anchored across all levels  

of the organisation.

102-18

102-14

102-26

102-19

102-20

102-31

102-32

The Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC) 

oversees sustainability and provides advice and guidance on sustainability management 

through the development of a strategic roadmap for environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) topics. In addition, sustainability risks (climate-related, safety, etc.) 

are part of the enterprise risk management framework that is overseen  

by the Board Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC).

The CEO, assisted by the Management Committee (MC), makes strategic 

proposals to the Board and oversees the execution of the Board’s 

decisions, with direct oversight of the newly minted Sustainability 

Office. The CEO oversees the execution of the Company’s corporate 

and business strategies and policies, and the conduct of its business, 

ensuring that sustainability is driven across the company.

Sustainability Office

The Sustainability Office (SO), led by the Vice 

President Sustainability, was set up in December 

2019. It is involved in policy planning and the 

coordination of Company-wide sustainability 

efforts, and engages both partners and 

suppliers in these efforts. SO also acts as the 

secretariat for the SSC and the SSWC.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

13


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





Sustainability strategy

Our sustainability strategy empowers us to contribute as a responsible 

corporate citizen.

Since 2013, our sustainability strategy has provided us with a guiding framework to continually strive to fulfil our mission 

and vision of sustainability stewardship through four key thrusts — Managing Environmental Impact; Safety; Stakeholder 

Engagement; and Supporting Our Communities. We recognise that our sustainability risks and opportunities are 

continuously evolving. In FY2019/20, we embarked on a journey to renew our sustainability strategy, the details of which 

will be unveiled at a later stage.



Materiality

We identify and prioritise the sustainability topics that matter most to SIA and 

our stakeholders.

Our activities and relationships with other entities across our value chain will impact our stakeholders and the environment. In 

2013, we conducted our inaugural Materiality Assessment to assess our significant sustainability impacts, and considered the 

concerns and expectations of our key stakeholders. In scoping the coverage of our Materiality Assessment, we focused on our 

operations in Singapore. We strive to progressively expand the boundaries to include the operations of our subsidiaries, so as to 

reflect a more holistic picture of the Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities.

Our material sustainability topics were last reviewed in 2017 for its continued relevance and were endorsed by SIA’s 

Management Committee and the Board. The seven material sustainability topics are summarised in the following section.

102-42

102-46

102-15

Image courtesy of BirdLife International 

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

14


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

102-47

102-12 

102-44 

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Employees

We value our employees and care for their well-being and development.

Safety

We strive to improve our safety practices, as well as inculcate a strong and positive 

safety culture within the organisation.

Customer-focus

We endeavour to offer customers the best travel experience through service excellence 

and proactive customer engagement. 

We seek to maintain high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, 

integrity and commitment at all levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk 

management systems.

sustainability ambitions

We believe in sustaining a great world to fly. To do that, we have set ambitions that will help us chart a flight path towards global sustainable development.

Governance





Material Topic

Ambition

Supporting the SDGs Through the Management of our Material Topics

Shareholders

Environment

Suppliers

We seek to maximise returns for long-term profitability, with the aim of creating 

sustainable shareholder value.

We remain committed to environmental sustainability and for our operations to be 

carried out responsibly in support of industry goals.

We treat suppliers with respect, emphasise fairness in our relationships, and work 

towards sustainable business practices.













































15


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



Implementing solutions to reduce our environmental footprint

Doing all we can to future-proof the wonders of travel

For the adventurers of tomorrow and generations to come

We sustain our connections with nature

Because we believe in conserving our planet and the 

destinations we serve

Forging meaningful, stronger relationships with our stakeholders

From the investing community to our partners, aviation 

communities and those we serve

Where we weave Singapore’s social fabric with a global 

shared heritage

We sustain our connections with the world

Because we believe in flying the extra mile, with a higher purpose

The lives of our employees, our customers and their loved ones

Making our workplace and every flight a home away from home

Where they can rest knowing we are doing all we can to make it safe

We build and sustain our connections with people

Because we believe our journey with them never ends

  We have come a long way from our humble beginnings

And built a brand recognised the world over for its timeless quality

As we grow, we asked ourselves what it will take to remain timeless

We realise it must begin with sustaining our precious connections

With people, with the world, with nature

These connections chart a course towards sustainable development

Empowering us to navigate headwinds

And remain true to the reasons for our existence

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

16




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

The lives of our employees, our customers and their loved ones

Making our workplace and every flight a home away from home

Where they can rest knowing we are doing all we can to make it safe

We build and sustain our connections with people

Because we believe our journey with them never ends

17


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



governance

We are committed to enhancing long-term value for our stakeholders by maintaining high 

standards of corporate governance across all levels of our organisation, underpinned by 

strong leadership and a robust approach to risk management. Good governance enables us to 

ensure that the right resources are allocated judiciously to strengthen our business resilience 

and ensure sustainable growth.

SIA’s Ambition

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures10

RISK MANAGEMENT

COMPLIANCE

VALUES AND PRINCIPLES

Supporting the SDGs





We seek to maintain high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and 

commitment at all levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management systems.

10  Please refer to pages 66 to 86 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report. 

11 Our target excludes line pilots and cabin crew, as they do not need to enter into transactions on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of their work.

103-1

103-2 

103-3

• Anti-Corruption/Anti-Bribery Policy and Procedures

• Anti-Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement

• Conflict of Interest Policy

• Risk Management Framework

• Staff Regulations

• Suppliers’ Code of Conduct

• Whistleblowing Policy

95.8%

of employees completed 

the anti-corruption training

incidents of corruption involving 

employees or business partners

0

LEADERSHIP

0

significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non compliance 

with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

FY2019/20 in Numbers

Frequency

Engagement Mode

Regular

Quarterly/Ad hoc

Yearly

Regular

Regular 

Regular

Regular

Regular

Regular

Regular

Available for 

reporting

At least 95% of our employees11 to complete the 

anti-corruption web-based training by the due date

Every 

year

Audits and Assessments

Board Meetings

Crisis Management Exercises

Employee Portals

External, Statutory and Regulatory 

Communications

Meetings (Briefings, Dialogues, Forums, 

Townhalls, etc.)

Orientation Programmes

Publications (Bulletins, Circulars, 

Magazines, Newsletters, Notices, etc.)

Strategy Sessions

Training Programmes 

(Anti-corruption, etc.)

Whistleblowing Channel

Achieved

Target

Due

Status

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

18


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Leadership

The SIA Board of Directors and Management Committee play a crucial role in furthering SIA’s sustainability 

agenda. They drive conversations around the things we can and must do to contribute  

to sustainable development.

Board of Directors

The Board oversees the business performance and affairs of the Company, and provides general guidance to management. Its principal functions include charting the 

Group’s strategic direction, guiding management on digitalisation, technology and innovation, reviewing and approving annual budgets, financial plans and monitoring the 

Group’s performance, approving major acquisitions and fundraising exercises, as well as ensuring the Group’s compliance with all laws and regulations as may be relevant 

to the business. The Board recognises the importance of sustainability. It steers the Management Committee in ensuring SIA’s long-term value creation is achieved with 

environmental, social and governance factors as guiding principles at all times.

Our Directors come from diverse backgrounds bringing strong and varied expertise across the fields of business, finance, legal, management and marketing.

Board Committees

Six board committees assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities. Each 

committee has written terms of reference and operating procedures as set out in their 

respective charters, which are reviewed periodically. A brief summary of their key 

functions are as follows:

Further information on our Board of Directors, including their qualifications, current directorships in other listed companies and other principal commitments are available on 

pages 87 to 91 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report. 

There is a strong independent element in the Board. Eight out of nine Directors are independent from management and our substantial shareholder, Temasek Holdings 

(Private) Limited (Temasek). Our sole non-independent Director is Mr Goh Choon Phong, who is the CEO of the Company. There is an appropriate division of responsibilities 

between the Chairman and the CEO, which ensures a balance of power and authority within the Company.

Further information on the Board Committees’ work, membership and meeting  

attendance are available on pages 66 to 86 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report.

Name of Director

Position Held

Nature of Appointment

Date of Appointment

Date of Last Re-election as Director

Mr Goh Choon Phong 

Director

Executive / Non-independent 

1 October 2010 

27 July 2018

Mr Gautam Banerjee 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 January 2013 

27 July 2018

Mr Simon Cheong Sae Peng 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 June 2017 

28 July 2017

Mr Dominic Ho Chiu Fai 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 May 2017 

29 July 2019

Mr Hsieh Tsun-yan 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 September 2012 

27 July 2018

Mr Lee Kim Shin 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 September 2016 

29 July 2019

Mr David John Gledhill 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 September 2018 

29 July 2019

Ms Goh Swee Chen 

Director

Non-executive / Independent 

1 January 2019 

29 July 2019

• Oversees execution by Management on the overall strategic direction, 

policies and guidelines set by the Board 

• Reviews and recommends annual operating and capital budgets

Board Executive Committee (ExCo) 

• Oversees financial matters such as reporting, audits, risk 

management, interested persons transactions and whistleblowing

Board Audit Committee (AC) 

• Reviews and recommends the general framework of remuneration for 

the Board and relevant key Management personnel

Board Compensation and Industrial Relations Committee 

(BCIRC)

• Oversees the regulatory compliance of systems and programmes

• Reviews safety performance and matters

• Oversees Risk Governance Framework and Risk Management System 

Board Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC)

• Reviews and recommends appointment and re-election of Directors

• Determines independence of Directors

Board Nominating Committee (NC)

• Provides advice and guidance on sustainability matters through the 

development of a strategic roadmap for environmental, social and 

governance factors

• Provides guidance on matters related to customer experience and 

digital innovation

Customer Experience, Technology and  

Sustainability Committee (CETSC)

102-22

102-23 

102-25

102-26

102-18

Mr Peter Seah Lim Huat

Chairman

Non-executive / Independent 

1 September 2015 

29 July 2019

19


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Appointment and Re-election of Directors

The size and composition of the Board are reviewed from time to time, taking into account the scope and nature of our operations 

to ensure that the Board continues to have diverse views for effective decision making. Under its charter, the Board Nominating 

Committee’s (NC) responsibilities include making recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment and re-election of 

Directors, and determining the independence of the Directors. The NC’s recommendations are based on a review of the range of 

expertise, skills and attributes of current Board members and the needs of the Board. The committee takes into account our future 

business direction, the tenure of service, contribution and commitment of each Board member. Board rejuvenation is a guiding 

principle in determining the need for new appointees to the Board. 

With regard to the selection of new Directors, the NC evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board.  

It also determines the role and desirable competencies for a particular appointment to enhance the existing Board composition.   

At least one member of the NC meets with the short-listed Board candidates to assess their suitability and availability. The NC 

then makes recommendations to the Board for approval. 

Leadership (continued)

102-24

12 Or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third.

Newly appointed Directors serve an initial term of three years, after which they may be considered for nomination for re-election 

for additional terms. Their nominations are subject to the recommendations of the NC. 

Our Constitution provides that at each Annual General Meeting (AGM), one-third of the Directors for the time being12 are required 

to retire from office and are eligible for re-election. Retiring Directors are selected on the basis of those who have been longest in 

office since their last re-election, failing which they shall be selected by agreement. The CEO is also subject to retirement and re-

election in accordance with the Constitution of the Company. New Directors appointed in the year are subject to retirement and 

re-election by shareholders at the next AGM after their appointment. All new appointments and re-elections require the approval 

of the Special Member, the Minister for Finance.

20


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Communicating with  

our Stakeholders

We value our relationship with our stakeholders 

and remain committed to strengthening trust 

with the investing community. SIA ensures 

that pertinent and price-sensitive information 

such as financial results are shared in a timely 

manner to create a transparent process for 

disclosures. We publish such information on 

various communications platforms. These include 

press releases posted on our website, as well as 

disclosures on Singapore Exchange Ltd (SGXNet). 

Quarterly results announcements, news releases, 

presentation slides, monthly operating statistics, 

annual reports, sustainability reports and other 

key facts and figures about the Company are also 

shared with the investing community. 

We hold analyst and media briefings to announce 

the half-yearly and full-year results. A physical 

media and analyst briefing was organised after the 

release of our half year (1H FY2019/20) results. 

A full transcript of the proceedings was made 

available on SGXNet and the SIA website on the 

next working day. Following the announcement 

of our full-year results, we organised an analyst 

and media conference call due to physical 

meeting restrictions imposed during the Covid-19 

outbreak. The audio recording of the conference 

call was uploaded on the SIA website the next day, 

followed by the transcript of the question and 

answer segment, which was subsequently posted 

on SGXNet and the SIA website.

The Investor Relations department also meets 

analysts and investors on a regular basis through 

investor conferences, roadshows, post-results 

luncheons, as well as ad hoc meetings and 

teleconferences. A dedicated investor relations email 

address (investor_relations@singaporeair.com.sg) 

and hotline (+65 6541 4885) are maintained 

for the investing community  to reach out to the 

Company for queries.

21


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Risk management

Identifying, managing and responding to risks while capitalising on potential opportunities allow us to remain agile  

and make informed decisions to achieve our strategic objectives.

Every business opportunity 

includes risks that could jeopardise 

a company’s finances. As a publicly 

listed company, we need to 

manage our finances and assets 

responsibly, while protecting the 

interests of our shareholders. 

With this in mind, SIA formalised 

the Risk Management Framework, 

which encompasses a governance 

and reporting structure, risk 

assessment process, as well as a 

set of risk management principles, 

policies and guidelines. These help 

to ensure that we have a sound 

system in place to manage risks, 

where controls are implemented 

and reviewed regularly so that 

relevant risks are managed 

efficiently and effectively.

We want to instil a culture of risk-awareness in the organisation, where 

risks are managed proactively at all levels. To achieve this, our Risk 

Management (RM) department dedicates resources to reach out to all 

levels of employees through targeted communications and engagement 

activities. Continual training is another key element to equip our 

employees with the relevant knowledge and the right mindset to manage 

risks. RM department developed an interactive web-based training 

module, which is mandatory for all employees to complete once every 

two years, to complement the theoretical training for employees. 

Business Continuity Plans are also tested regularly and independently 

verified to assess employees’ readiness in responding to disruption 

scenarios in key operational functions. The completion of various risk 

management activities are tracked. The RM department also conducts 

employee surveys periodically to assess the programme’s effectiveness 

so that adjustments can be made accordingly.

Board of Directors

SIA’s Board of Directors reviews and discusses the strategic risks and 

other key risks of the Group annually.

Board Committees

The Board’s oversight is supported by the BSRC and other Board 

Committees. They review and ensure that top risks are managed 

appropriately. The BSRC oversees the management’s implementation of 

the Risk Management Framework and assesses effectiveness through 

regular reviews.

Risk Management Committees

The GRCMC and various Risk Management Committees or their 

equivalent drive the implementation of the Risk Management 

Framework, through detailed reviews of risks and corresponding 

controls. This helps to ensure that key risks are identified, managed and 

surfaced to the Board Committee.

Risk Management Department

A dedicated Risk Management department provides support to the 

Risk Committees and business units. This helps to ensure that risks 

are surfaced by business units from the bottom-up to the top-down 

perspectives provided by the Management and Risk Committees.

Group Risk Governance  

and Reporting Structure

102-30

SIA Board of Directors

SIA Board Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC)

SIA Group Risk and Compliance Management 

Committee (GRCMC)

Other Subsidiaries

Company Risk 

Management  

Committee 

or Equivalent

SIA and SilkAir Risk  

 and Compliance  

Mangement  

Committee 

(RCMC)

Air Safety  

Committee  

(ASC)

Occupational 

Safety, Health 

and Environment 

 Committee 

(OSHE)

22


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

102-30

PR-1

PR-2

PR-3

PR-4

PR-5

PR-6

PR-7

PR-10

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Philosophy

SIA is to be a risk-aware organisation such that the taking of risks necessary for the achievement of its corporate objectives 

is carried out knowingly, and risks that present a threat to SIA are managed so as to protect and enhance the value of the 

organisation, taking into consideration our stakeholders’ and shareholders’ interests.

Risk Management Framework

A set of Risk Management Principles, adapted from ISO 31000, provides the underlying basis for the scope and objectives of our 

risk management efforts. At SIA, risk management should:

• Create and protect value by facilitating continual   

improvement of the organisation

• Be an integral part of all organisational processes,  

 

including decision making

• Reduce the probability and/or consequence of the risk event

• Be systematic, structured and timely

• Be based on the best available information and reviewed 

regularly

• Be customised to the needs of the organisation, including 

taking into account human, cultural and environmental factors

• Be transparent and inclusive

• Be dynamic, iterative and responsive to change

Principles

Corporate Risk Objectives

Our set of corporate risk objectives – PEARLS – guides our business units in formulating plans to manage risks:

People

Environment

Assets

Reputation 

Liability

Supply Chain

To protect people from harm or injury

To protect the environment from damage and pollution

To protect the assets of the Company

To protect the reputation of the Company

To protect against incurring liability

To protect the supply chain against critical disruptions

Risk Management Process

We continually identify new and emerging risks and evaluate existing risks and associated controls to determine their relevance in 

the current context. A comprehensive guide and a Risk Assessment Matrix are in place to facilitate and ensure consistency in the 

risk assessments conducted by business units. Identified risks are graded and prioritised for more effective allocation of resources 

to manage the Company’s risks.

There are seven key areas in the Risk Appetite Statements13 to guide business units in their risk management 

approach.

Strategic

Operational

Safety

Information 

Technology

Environmental

Financial

Regulatory

Our five-step Risk Management Process facilitates communication, understanding and application by all 

levels of employees.

1 

Identify

3 

Prioritise

2 

Evaluate

4 

Treat

5 

Monitor

Our risk appetite, risk policies and guidelines are developed and embedded in the Risk Management Process. This helps to ensure 

a sound system of risk management and internal controls, so as to safeguard the interest of the Company and that of our shareholders.

Multi-pronged risk response strategies such as avoidance, prevention, mitigation and transference, are employed to address the 

identified risks. A combination of control measures serves to protect the organisation, allowing for more effective management of 

risks. Crisis Management, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plans are also developed to mitigate the impact on business 

operations and ensure business resilience.  

The SIA Risk Management Framework emphasises the iterative process of assessing risks. In addition, all identified risks at 

the business unit level are consolidated to facilitate the assessment of Company and Group risks through a Group-wide Risk 

Management Review exercise annually. During the exercise, business units ensure that risk registers are kept current and their 

response strategies are adequate and relevant. These processes are embedded within the work schedules of the business units 

and driven by the quarterly risk review activities of the Risk Committees.

13 Risk Appetite Statements can be found on pages 64 and 65 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report.

23


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



Risk management 

(continued)

Crisis Management

Prudent crisis management enables SIA 

to manage major threats to our business 

through a coordinated and professional 

response. Our Crisis Management Manual 

(CMM) sets out a set of procedures that 

guides our crisis response. It contains 

processes for our functional groups, 

and broadly describes the policies and 

procedures that enable our head office 

and station crisis appointment holders 

to manage a crisis globally. The manual 

has been prepared in accordance with the 

CAAS Air Navigation Regulations (ANR), 

family assistance laws and regulations 

governing aviation accidents.

We remain vigilant against the 

ever-evolving global landscape. 

In FY2019/20, we swiftly activated 

our business continuity plans to 

manage the challenges arising from 

the Covid-19 outbreak. Measures 

were taken across the Company to 

ensure the health and safety of all 

stakeholders, as well as operational 

and economic resilience. A summary 

of our response and initiatives is 

available on pages 10 to 12 of this report.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

24


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20























values and principles

Our values and principles guide us in the 

way we work with our stakeholders and 

how we conduct ourselves in the things 

that we do.

102-16

SIA’s Core Values

Corporate sustainability begins with our core values. We design a future-fit, principles-based approach to conduct our business.

Excellence

We strive to be the best we 

can be. Every time.

Integrity

We go out of our way to do the 

right thing. Every time.

Customer-focus

We understand our guests so 

we can truly delight them. 

Every time.

Safety

We put safety at the core of 

everything we do. Every time.

Care

We care for our people and 

community. Every time.

Teamwork

We work as one team to 

achieve our goals. Every time.

Supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact

SIA has been a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact since 2018. We believe in 

building a responsible business, one which operates in ways that meet the fundamental responsibilities 

in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. We align our corporate strategies, policies 

and procedures with the Ten Principles and strive to uphold our responsibilities to people and planet.

Employee Code of Conduct

We believe in bringing out the best in our people and working with them 

to align their values and goals with that of the Company’s. All employees are 

expected to adhere to our staff regulations, which covers areas such as 

anti-corruption, competition law, personal conduct, discipline, non-discrimination 

and personal data protection. We have an established disciplinary inquiry 

process to handle cases in the event an employee violates the staff regulations. 

Such proceedings are recorded and a summary report of each inquiry 

is submitted to senior management. Our staff regulations are also reviewed 

regularly by our Human Resources Division and Legal department to ensure 

continued relevance. Changes are communicated to all employees in a 

timely manner for compliance.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

25


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



Anti-corruption

SIA has a zero-tolerance stance on corruption in all forms. Incidents of corruption can cause serious damage not only to our organisation and our 

stakeholders, but also cascade to the communities we operate in. It has a crippling effect on global sustainable development efforts and we recognise the 

significance of working with our stakeholders in our value chain to drive our anti-corruption efforts. 

Employees undergo a mandatory anti-corruption web-based training annually and are assessed on their knowledge and understanding at the end of the 

course. In FY2019/20, we achieved our annual target of at least 95% of our ground employees completing the anti-corruption training by the due date14.   

Of the 5,452 ground employees required to complete the anti-corruption training, a total of 5,221 (95.8%) employees completed the training.

values and principles (continued)

FY2019/20 

Management15

Non-management

Singapore (Head Office)

The Americas

Europe

North Asia

South East Asia

South West Pacific

West Asia and Africa

2,593

144

429

583

460

345

245

341

10

28

13

10

11

9

Total

2,934

154

457

596

470

356

254

Total employees required to complete, 

by employee type

5,010

442

5,452

Our business partners and service providers are also required to sign contracts that include an anti-corruption and anti-bribery clause, along with the 

SIA Suppliers’ Code of Conduct16.

In FY2019/20, there were zero confirmed incidents of corruption involving our employees or business partners. There were also no legal cases of 

corruption brought against the Company.

14 Our target excludes line pilots and cabin crew, as they do not need to enter into transactions on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of their work. 

15 Management refers to those who are holding managerial positions and above, and management pilots. 

16 Please refer to page 78 of this report for more information on the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct.

Total employees completed, 

by employee type and region

4,799 (95.8%)

422 (95.5%)

5,221 (95.8%)

205-2

205-3

PR-10

Completion of Anti-corruption Training, by Employee Type and Region

In FY2019/20, there were zero confirmed incidents of corruption 

involving our employees or business partners. There were also no 

legal cases of corruption brought against the Company.

95.8%

of ground employees 

completed the 

anti-corruption 

training in FY2019/20

0

incidents of corruption 

involving employees or 

business partners in 

FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

26


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Conflict of Interest

Our policy on conflict of interest requires employees in a conflict of interest situation, or in one which 

could potentially lead to a conflict of interest, to report the matter immediately. The policy also requires 

all employees to make a declaration of all actual and potential conflict of interest situations to the Human 

Resources Division annually.

values and principles (continued)



Anti-modern Slavery and Human Trafficking 

At SIA, we do not condone any form of slavery and human trafficking. We remain dedicated to combating these 

risks in our value chain. Our suppliers are selected on the basis of their commitment to our principles and are 

required to comply with local labour standards as set out in our Suppliers’ Code of Conduct. Those found to be 

in breach of this Code of Conduct risk having their supplier contracts terminated.

More information on the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct can be found on page 78 of this report.

We also recognise the important role we play in preventing human trafficking as there is a risk that our airline 

services could be used by human traffickers. We work closely with governments, national law enforcement 

agencies and airports in the countries and territories we operate in to ensure that all suspected trafficking 

on our flights are reported and dealt with appropriately. We are committed to sharing best practices with our 

peers through IATA platforms and believe in the importance of investing resources to train our employees so 

they can assess and report suspicious behaviour. 

The Anti-modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement is available on our website.

Grievance Mechanism

We have channels for all internal and external stakeholders to raise concerns about possible improprieties in 

any matter, in confidence. Our whistleblowing programme, Policy on Reporting Wrongdoing, is communicated 

to our employees through our internal Intranet, staff regulations and a mandatory web-based training module. 

External stakeholders may report suspected matters of wrongdoing affecting the Company, either through 

email at ethnics_hotline@singaporeair.com.sg or via telephone at +65 9387 5667. The Audit Committee 

continuously reviews the whistleblowing programme to ensure that it is adequate. In FY2019/20, two 

lunch-time outreach events were held for employees to inform and encourage them to do the right thing by 

whistleblowing on wrongdoings. All whistleblower reports on suspected wrongdoings are reviewed by the 

Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings to ensure independent investigation and adequate resolution.

compliance

We seek to do our utmost to conduct our business in a manner that is just and responsible 

to the society and the environment.

Being compliant with the laws and regulations that govern us helps to foster trust and better relationships with our stakeholders. In FY2019/20, there 

were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.

102-17

307-1

416-2

PR-1

PR-5

PR-4

PR-2

0

significant fines or 

non-monetary 

sanctions for 

non-compliance 

with environmental, 

health and safety 

laws and regulations

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

27


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



EMPLOYEES

Our success as one of the world’s leading airlines is a result of the passion and commitment 

of our employees. We recognise that attracting and retaining talents is essential to building a 

resilient and thriving organisation. We invest heavily in our employees to keep them motivated 

and provide them with ample opportunities for personal and professional development. We 

believe we can soar to greater heights by working together.

SIA’s Ambition

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures

Supporting the SDGs

We value our employees and care for their well-being 

and development.

103-1

103-2 

103-3

• Collective Agreements

• Global Job Mobility Policy

• Learning and Development Policy

• Learning Management System (Scoot)

• Returning Crew Scheme

• Staff Benefits Policy

• Staff Recruitment Policy

• Staff Regulations

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

FY2019/20 in Numbers

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Regular

Regular

Quarterly

Regular

Regular

awarded to Singapore Airlines in 2019 

by Randstad

28,160

employees in 

the SIA Group

4%

growth in the SIA 

Group’s workforce

12%

overall new 

hire rate of SIA 

employees

0.9:1

gender ratio 

(male: female) 

of SIA employees

92%

return to work rate of 

SIA employees who 

took parental leave

S$43.5 mil

investment in learning and 

development of employees

Most Attractive Employer 

in Singapore

Quarterly

Yearly

Chill Out with CEO Sessions

Community Service Activities 

Engagement with Trade Unions’ Leadership

Extra-curricular Activities (Arts, Health and Wellness, Social and Recreation, Social 

Functions, Sports and Recreation, etc.)

Publications (Bulletins, Circulars, Magazines, Newsletters, Notices, etc.)

Safety and Security Week

Surveys (Organisational Climate Survey, Transformation Pulse Survey, etc.)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES













28


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Our employees17

SIA is, and always will be, a people’s 

organisation.

New Hires and Turnover

As we serve and connect with people from different cultures and 

walks of life, it is only natural that our workforce mirrors that too. We 

embrace the strengths that diversity in the workforce brings – from fresh 

perspectives to engaging and meaningful conversations.

As of 31 March 2020, the SIA Group comprises a total of 28,160 

employees, reflecting a four per cent increase in headcount from the 

previous financial year. 

Of these, Singapore Airlines employs 17,204 employees (FY2018/19: 

16,316 employees) based in 36 destinations. Female employees account 

for 52.2 per cent of our workforce, while male employees account for 

47.8 per cent. Seventy per cent of our employees are Singapore Citizens 

or permanent residents, as are 96.4 per cent of Management18  based at 

our Head Office in Singapore. Full-time employees account for 99.7 per 

cent of our staff. Around 35.2 per cent of our employees are under 30 

years of age, 48.5 per cent are between the ages of 30 and 50, and 16.3 

per cent above the age of 50.

In FY2019/20, Singapore Airlines’ overall new hire rate19 remained 

stable at 12 per cent (FY2018/19: 13.2 per cent), with new hire rate for 

male employees at 10 per cent, and female employees at 13.9 per cent. 

In terms of age group, our new hire rate was the highest for employees 

under 30 years of age at 26.9 per cent. 

In line with our continuing efforts for talent retention, we saw an 

improvement in our overall turnover rate20 vis-à-vis FY2018/19 levels. 

In FY2019/20, Singapore Airlines’ overall turnover rate was 5.4 per cent 

(FY2018/19: 9.7 per cent), with turnover rate for male employees at 3.3 

per cent, and female employees at 7.3 per cent.

Strength in Diversity 

102-7

401-1

202-2



17 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 130 to 131 for definitions and methodologies. Due to rounding, numbers and percentages presented may not add up precisely to the absolute totals indicated. 

18 Management refers to those who are holding managerial positions and above, and management pilots. 

19 New hire rate is computed by number of new hires over the number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective demographic cuts.  

20 Turnover rate is computed by number of turnover over the number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective demographic cuts.  

employees in Singapore Airlines

17,204

destinations that our SIA 

employees are based in

36

gender ratio (male:female) 

of SIA employees

0.9:1

12%

overall new hire rate  

of  SIA employees

29


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Our employees (continued)

Employees in the SIA Group

 

16,316* 

(100.0%) 

17,204* 

(100.0%)

Male 

7,851 

(48.1%) 

8,223  

(47.8%)

Female  

8,465 

(51.9%) 

8,981 

(52.2%)

Employees, by Subsidiary

Employees, by Gender

Employees, by Gender

Singapore Airlines 

16,316*  

17,204*

Tradewinds Tours &amp; Travel  

44  

51

SilkAir 

1,484  

1,389

Cargo Community Network  

76  

77

Scoot  

2,334  

2,406

Singapore Flying College  

66  

82

SIA Engineering Company 

4,478  

4,372

SAGI  

3 

3

SIAEC’s Subsidiaries 

2,195  

2,476

KrisShop  

82 

100

Female

Male

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

27,078

28,160

Singapore Airlines Employees

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

* Excludes Singapore Airlines staff seconded to other companies but includes staff seconded to Singapore Airlines.

51.9%

52.2%

47.8%

48.1%

102-8

401-1

405-1

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

30


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Employees, by Employee 

Category and by Age Group

Employees, by Employee Category and by Age Group

Ground Staff &lt;30 yo

Cabin Crew &lt;30 yo

Pilots &lt;30 yo

Ground Staff 30 – 50 yo

Cabin Crew 30 – 50 yo

Pilots 30 – 50 yo

Ground Staff &gt;50 yo

Cabin Crew &gt;50 yo

Pilots &gt;50 yo

 

8,744 

(53.6%) 

9,266 

(53.9%)

&lt;30 yo  

4,285  

(26.3%)  

4,600  

(26.7%)

30-50 yo 

3,847  

(23.6%)  

3,932  

(22.9%)

&gt;50 yo  

612  

(3.8%)  

734  

(4.3%)

 

5,311  

(32.5%) 

5,569 

(32.4%)

&lt;30 yo  

1,115  

(6.8%)  

1,163  

(6.8%)

30-50 yo 

2,656  

(16.3%)  

2,869  

(16.7%)

&gt;50 yo  

1,540  

(9.4%)  

1,537  

(8.9%)

Ground Staff 

Cabin Crew

 

2,261  

(13.9%) 

2,369  

(13.7%)

&lt;30 yo  

204  

(1.3%)  

293  

(1.7%)

30-50 yo  

1,560  

(9.6%)  

1,549  

(9.0%)

&gt;50 yo  

497  

(3.0%)  

527  

(3.0%)

Pilots

Our employees (continued)

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

1.3%

1.7%

9.6%

9.0%

3.0%

3.0%

26.3%

26.7%

23.6%

22.9%

3.8%

4.3%

6.8%

6.8%

16.3%

16..7%

9.4%

8.9%

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

Employees, by Employee 

Category and by Age Group

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

31


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Employees, by Employment 

Type (Full-time and  

Part-time) and by Gender

Employees, by Employment 

Type (Full-time and  

Part-time) and by Gender

 

16,264 

(99.7%) 

17,150 

(99.7%)

 

8,643  

(53.0%) 

8,883 

(51.6%)

 

52 

(0.3%)  

54  

(0.3%)

 

7,673 

(47.0%) 

8,321 

(48.4%)

Male  

7,850  

(48.1%)  

8,220  

(47.8%)

Male 

5,687  

(34.9%)  

5,849  

(34.0%)

Male  

1  

(~0.006%) 

3  

(~0.01%)

Male 

2,164  

(13.2%)  

2,374  

(13.8%)

Female  

8,414  

(51.6%)  

8,930  

(51.9%)

Female  

2,956  

(18.1%)  

3,034  

(17.6%)

Female  

51  

(0.3%)  

51  

(0.3%)

Female  

5,509  

(33.8%)  

5,947  

(34.6%)

Permanent

Contract

Full-time

Part-time

Our employees (continued)

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

32


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Employees, by 

Employment Type 

(Permanent and 

Contract) and by Region

Employees, by 

Employment Type 

(Permanent and 

Contract) and by Region

 

8,643  

(53.0%)  

8,883 

(51.6%)

 

7,673 

(47.0%) 

8,321  

(48.4%)

Singapore 

6,248  

(38.3%)  

6,436  

(37.4%)

Singapore 

7,626  

(46.7%)  

8,268  

(48.1%)

The Americas 

156  

(1.0%)  

163  

(0.9%)

The Americas 

3  

(~0.01%)  

3  

(~0.01%)

Europe 

495  

(3.0%)  

508  

(3.0%)

Europe 

19  

(~0.1%)  

25  

(~0.1%)

North Asia 

579  

(3.6%)  

614  

(3.6%)

North Asia 

11  

(~0.06%)  

11  

(~0.06%)

South East Asia 

445  

(2.7%)  

439  

(2.5%)

South East Asia 

2  

(~0.01%)  

6  

(~0.03%)

South West Pacific 

390  

(2.4%)  

390  

(2.3%)

South West Pacific 

1  

(~0.006%)  

1  

(~0.005%)

West Asia and Africa 

330  

(2.0%)  

333  

(1.9%)

West Asia and Africa 

11  

(~0.06%)  

7  

(~0.04%)

Permanent

Contract

Our employees (continued)

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

33


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

New Hires, by Gender 

New Hires, by Age Group 

New Hires, by Region

Male 

825  

(38.3%)  

821  

(39.6%)

&lt;30 yo 

1,830  

(85.0%)  

1,628  

(78.5%)

Female 

1,327  

(61.7%)  

1,252  

(60.4%)

30-50 yo  

310  

(14.4%)  

417  

(20.1%)

&gt;50 yo 

12  

(0.6%)  

28  

(1.4%)

Singapore 

1,900  

(88.3%)  

1,779  

(85.8%)

The Americas 

45  

(2.1%)  

31  

(1.5%)

Europe 

45  

(2.1%)  

45  

(2.2%)

North Asia 

52  

(2.4%)  

78  

(3.7%)

South East Asia 

45  

(2.1%)  

45  

(2.2%)

West Asia and Africa 

24  

(1.1%)  

23  

(1.1%)

 

2,152 

(100.0%)  

2,073 

(100.0%)

New Hires

Our employees (continued)

Female

Male

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

38.3%

85.0%

39.6%

78.5% 

60.4%

20.1%

1.4%

61.7%

14.4%

0.6%

New Hires, by Gender 

New Hires, by Age Group

&lt;30 yo

30 - 50 yo

&gt;50 yo

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

South West Pacific 

41  

(1.9%)  

72  

(3.5%)

34


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Turnover, by Gender 

Turnover, by Gender 

Turnover, by Age Group

Turnover, by Age Group 

Turnover, by Region

Male 

572  

(36.2%)  

269  

(29.0%)

&lt;30 yo 

696  

(44.0%)  

571  

(61.6%)

Female 

1,010  

(63.8%)  

658  

(71.0%)

30-50 yo  

626  

(39.6%)  

331 

(35.7%)

&gt;50 yo  

260  

(16.4%)  

25  

(2.7%)

Singapore 

1,296  

(81.9%)  

742  

(80.0%)

The Americas 

37  

(2.4%) 

16  

(1.7%)

Europe 

62  

(3.9%)  

32  

(3.5%)

North Asia 

63  

(4.0%)  

45  

(4.9%)

South East Asia 

46  

(2.9%)  

39  

(4.2%)

South West Pacific 

54  

(3.4%)  

34  

(3.7%)

West Asia and Africa 

24 

(1.5%)  

19  

(2.0%)

 

1,582  

(100. 0%) 

927  

(100.0%)

Turnover

Our employees (continued)

Female

Male

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

63.8%

39.6%

16.4%

71.0%

35.7%

2.7%

36.2%

44.0%

29.0%

61.6%

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

&lt;30 yo

30 - 50 yo

&gt;50 yo

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

35


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Cabin Crew Times

Monthly

Fleet e-Newsletters

Biannual

Community Service Activities

Regular

Business Meetings

Biannual

Organisational Climate Survey 

and Pulse Survey

Biennial

Transformation Pulse Survey

Regular

Employee Platforms  

(1SQ, Employee Service Centre, 

W@vesWorkplace, Workplace 

Chat, etc.)

Regular

e-Learning Platforms  

(SKIES, Zunos, etc.)

Regular

Internal Collaboration using 

Microsoft Teams

Regular

Yammer Groups

Regular

Demo Day by KrisLab

Regular

Chill Out with CEO Session

Quarterly

Staff Ideas-in-Action

Regular

Dialogues, Forums, Townhalls, etc. 

Regular

Training and Development 

Programmes

Regular

Flight Safety Magazine

Half-yearly

Hazard Newsletters

Quarterly

Outlook Magazine

Monthly

Divisional Communication 

Sessions

Quarterly

Extra-curricular Activities  

(arts, health and wellness,  

sports and recreation, social 

functions, etc.)

Quarterly

Safety and Security Week

Annual

Activities and Events

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

We maintain many communications channels with all our employees, both local and overseas. The following table presents a summary of the key communications channels.

Forums and Training

Online Platforms

Publications

Surveys

Our quarterly ‘Chill Out with CEO’ is a 

casual session for employees to interact 

with our CEO and engage in open 

dialogue. 

We obtain feedback from employees 

through our Organisational Climate 

Survey (OCS), which we conduct once 

every two years. Last conducted in 

February 2019, the OCS enabled 

us to better understand employee 

engagement, as well as identify 

strengths and areas of improvement so 

that we can deliver a more positive work 

experience for our employees. 

Our employees thrive when they feel 

that they can make a difference in 

what they do. In October 2019, we 

held 10 Human Resources townhall 

sessions, and connected with over 1,200 

employees in Singapore and overseas. 

During these townhall sessions, the 

three topics discussed were career 

development, total reward and 

performance management. The townhall 

sessions served as opportunities for us 

to listen to our employees and address 

their feedback and concerns. 

Staff Ideas-in-Action is an initiative 

to encourage ideation and inculcate 

an open, vibrant innovation culture. 

Employees are challenged to review 

their work processes and identify areas 

for improvement so as to enhance 

revenue, reduce costs, promote 

efficiency and improve safety, among 

others. In FY2019/20, close to 5,000 

ideas were received and evaluated.

Bulletins, Circulars, 

Notices, etc.

Regular

Engaging Our Employees

102-43

Continual engagement with our employees enables us to understand them better. These interactions allow us to address key issues, 

feedback and concerns that our employees may have. 

36


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

We are constantly on the look out for new digital tools that we can leverage to better connect with our employees, while allowing them to access functions that will increase their efficiency.

Leveraging Digital Tools

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (continued)

1SQ, SIA’s One-stop Employee Mobile App 

Launched in February 2018, 1SQ is designed to provide our employees with  

on-the-go access to the latest news, corporate deals and the ability to perform  

self-service functions such as leave submissions or travel requests. The launch of 1SQ 

was an important step to empower our workforce digitally. Around 93 per cent of our 

employees in Singapore are users of 1SQ. 

1SQ runs on an agile methodology where new features are regularly introduced. In 

FY2019/20, we introduced hazard reporting, digital name cards and an interactive 

feature where our employees can share their memories and well-wishes with one 

another.

Kaki, Scoot’s Employee Chatbot

Kaki, an employee chatbot, is available on Scoot’s Workchat mobile app for employees 

to clarify questions they may have on-the-go. As of December 2019, Kaki has serviced 

over 2,000 employees and successfully resolved 92 per cent of all queries. Since its 

launch in December 2018, Kaki’s responses are continuously finetuned to better 

support our employees. Employees receive a short survey after each session with the 

chatbot, which allows the chatbot team to correct any inaccurate responses.

Employee Service Centre, Scoot’s One-stop Digital Solution for  

Service Requests

Employee Service Centre is Scoot’s one-stop digital solution for all employee service 

requests such as insurance claims, flexible work arrangements, team bonding 

proposals and more. The service centre carries over 100 knowledge articles including 

company policies and self-help documents. In FY2019/20, it had a satisfaction rate of 

83.6 per cent amongst users.

















37


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

We believe in investing in our employees’ well-being and development and keeping 

them engaged with meaningful work. In 2019, Singapore Airlines was named the Most 

Attractive Employer in Singapore by Randstad for the fourth time. Singapore Airlines 

was also named one of the Most Attractive Employers in Singapore by the Universum 

Awards, ranking us 3rd by over 9,000 undergraduates from the four local universities.



Collaborative Partnerships 

We adopt a collaborative partnership approach when engaging with our unions. Our management and union leaders work closely, meeting monthly 

to address matters pertaining to the workforce. They also share updates on initiatives aimed at developing our employees’ careers and competencies. 

Terms and conditions of service, which are encapsulated within the respective Collective Agreements, have been jointly developed. Progressive wage 

increments benchmarked against company performance, productivity growth and market conditions are also discussed with our unions annually.

In FY2019/20, we successfully concluded the annual service increment agreements with ALPA-S and SIASU, as well as the 2019 Collective Agreement 

with ALPA-S. An agreement was also concluded with AESU to restructure the Executive salary structures to be pegged to market conditions. 

In addition, to demonstrate our commitment to building a future-ready workforce, a Company Training Committee (CTC) comprising management 

and union representatives from AESU and SIASU was set up, to review training needs of our workforce in view of industry transformation. Our union 

leadership has also taken a progressive approach and supported us over the years in launching initiatives and programmes to enable our workforce to 

be better prepared for the future.

SIA’s Chairman and Senior Management have quarterly lunch meetings with union leaders to share the Company’s business outlook and discuss 

workforce matters. Union leaders are also invited to company functions such as retirement and long service award ceremonies, as well as SIA’s 

business meetings, amongst others. Union-Management retreats are also organised for both parties to discuss longer-term strategic workforce 

initiatives regularly.

Air Transport Executive Staff Union 

(AESU) is a representative body for 

about 50 per cent of SIA executives.

Air Line Pilots Association Singapore 

(ALPA-S) is a representative body for 

about 94 per cent of SIA pilots.

Singapore Airlines Staff Union 

(SIASU) is a representative body 

for about 65 per cent of cabin crew 

and associates.

98%

of SIA employees are 

covered by collective 

bargaining agreements

102-41

PR-3

PR-6



THE MOST ATTRACTIVE EMPLOYER IN SINGAPORE

RANDSTAND 2019 AWARDS

P 2758 U

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

38


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES (continued)

Notice Periods

Our Collective Agreements set out the minimum notice period for termination or 

resignation of our employees. For Singapore-based employees, the notice period is 

three months for confirmed cabin crew, pilots, executives and managers, and one 

month for confirmed ground associates. For overseas employees, the notice periods may 

vary subject to local regulations and union agreements.

Should a scenario arise that calls for a significant operational change, we work closely 

with our unions to coordinate the best suited response that is fair and reasonable to 

all parties. We also provide affected employees with reasonable notice prior to its 

implementation.

SilkAir integration

We are in the midst of our multi-year SilkAir integration effort, which was announced 

in May 2018. Employees were informed at least two months in advance before the 

integration of their respective departments into SIA.

Career Transition Programme

We have in place a career transition programme specially developed for our cabin 

crew who wish to continue working beyond their retirement. A Career Transition 

Guide and a list of career opportunities are shared with them six months before 

retirement. Potential employers will also be informed so they may get in touch with 

retiring crew members.

The guide offers useful links, strategies and tools to support our cabin crew in 

developing an effective plan so that they can make informed decisions for their career. 

Preparation of good cover letters, tips for interviews, contacts for counselling, as well 

as worksheets for self-evaluation are included in the guide. Financial management 

courses are also available to assist crew in making sound financial decisions in 

preparation for retirement.

Returning Crew Scheme

As the safety of our employees is paramount to SIA, we do not permit pregnant crew 

members to carry out duties on flights. Under the Returning Crew Scheme, crew are 

encouraged to return to their flying duties after delivering their child, subject to a 

pre-set list of criteria. Cabin crew members can return to their duties with minimum 

disruption to their careers, while retaining their previous years of service.

To raise awareness of the scheme, talks are conducted twice a year with healthcare 

professionals for crew who left due to their pregnancy. The Returning Crew Scheme is 

reviewed during divisional level meetings on a quarterly basis, with progress assessed 

and appropriate action plans implemented.



404-2

402-1

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

39


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES (continued)

Employee Benefits

Our employees’ well-being and work-life integration is important to us. We have flexible work 

arrangements such as a work-from-home scheme and staggered working hours, where operationally 

feasible. Our employees and their eligible dependants are also covered by a range of medical benefits. 

These include out-patient, specialist, hospitalisation, as well as subsidised insurance benefits, where 

applicable. Apart from healthcare, other benefits include life insurance and parental leave. Full-time, 

Singapore-based employees enjoy benefits such as:

Adoption, Annual, Childcare, Compassionate, Maternity, 

Matrimonial, National Service, Paternity and Shared 

Parental leave

Staggered working hours, work-from-home scheme and 

casual-wear every day for ground employees based in Singapore

Holiday accommodation subsidies

Different tiers of company subsidies for Group Personal 

Accident Insurance, Group Term Life Insurance Scheme, 

and Medical Insurance for dependants of employees

Dental, in-patient, out-patient general practitioner and 

specialist care

We provide all full-time employees and their eligible dependants with the opportunity to travel 

overseas. This includes complimentary return air tickets once a year to any destination that 

SIA and SilkAir serve and discounted airfares for employees and eligible dependants. To further 

enhance the travel benefit offerings for our employees, we are working on launching interline 

travel partnerships with other airlines.

In FY2019/20, the overall retention rate and return to work rate of SIA employees who took parental leave remained stable at 90.3 per 

cent and 92 per cent respectively.

FY2018/19

Female

Male

Total

2,168

1,235

3,403

1,366

991

2,357

Parental Leave Statistics

Employees who were entitled to parental leave

Employees who took parental leave

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended

Returned to work after parental leave ended and who were 

still employed 12 months after returning to work

1,170

991

2,161

1,133

970

2,103

Retention rate21 of employees who took parental leave

82.9%

97.9%

89.2%

Return to work rate22 of employees who took parental leave

85.7%

100.0%

91.7%

FY2019/20

Female

Male

Total

2,191

1,026

3,217

1,467

987

2,454

1,465

792

2,257

1,447

770

2,217

98.6%

78.0%

90.3%

99.9%

80.2%

92.0%

92%

overall return to 

work rate of SIA 

employees who 

took parental leave

90.3%

overall retention 

rate of SIA employees 

who took parental leave

401-2

401-3

21 Retention rate is computed by number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended and who were still employed 12 months after their return to work, over number of 

    employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage. 

22 Return to work rate is computed by number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended, over number of employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

Employees who were entitled to parental leave

Employees who took parental leave

Retention rate21 of employees who took parental leave

Return to work rate22 of employees who took parental leave

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended

Returned to work after parental leave ended and who were 

still employed 12 months after returning to work

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

40


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE

Equipping our employees with the right skills to thrive.

We believe that the continuous development and growth of our employees are our key differentiators to remaining competitive 

and resilient. This is why we constantly seek opportunities to motivate our employees and equip our workforce with the right 

skillsets to prepare them for the future.

SIA’s Leadership and Functional Competency Framework

Following the review of the SIA Leadership Competency Framework in FY2018/19, we stepped up our focus to develop and 

strengthen our employees’ domain expertise in this highly critical and rapidly changing business landscape.

We will continue to refine the existing Functional Competency Framework to enhance employees’ competencies and further 

develop their professional career with SIA. This framework will provide employees with information on the functional 

competencies required for personal growth and development. It will also allow employees to have greater visibility of similar job 

roles across the organisation. Adopting a systematic approach, this multi-year project will cover key job competencies across SIA, 

starting from our operational and commercial functions. Functional competencies will be developed for these roles, along with the 

relevant training and developmental courses that employees can tap on and for management’s use to guide their teams.

404-2



Revamped Employee Portal: My Career Centre

In FY2019/20, we revamped our employee portal, myTMS, and renamed it My Career Centre. This revamped employee portal is a 

one-stop platform for performance development, talent management and internal job placements. Employees now have increased 

visibility of job opportunities within our organisation. To further support mobility across our offices worldwide, a Global Job Mobility 

Policy was rolled out to detail the application process and provide employees with support for their transfers. The revamped portal 

also enables our employees to participate in e-learning modules on performance development that cover topics such as how to give 

or receive feedback, performance differentiation and effective goal setting. The purpose is to strengthen competencies of both our 

staff and management, ultimately driving greater efficiencies and productivity.

Continuous Learning

Under the ambit of SIA’s Transformation journey, SIA strives to inspire passion in our people by providing opportunities for 

personal growth. We continue to focus our efforts toward building a future-ready and responsive workforce, in order to remain 

competitive amid an evolving business landscape. This includes equipping our employees with essential soft and hard skills, as well 

as upskilling and re-skilling employees to support our transformation initiatives. 

We aim to continually reinforce and promote a vibrant learning and innovative culture geared towards empowered and continuous 

learning. Significant resources are invested to develop our employees globally. In FY2019/20, we invested a total of S$43.5 million 

in the learning and development of our employees, which includes a S$1.7 million grant from SkillsFuture Singapore, a Singapore 

government-led movement.

S$43.5 mil

investment in learning and 

development of employees in 

FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

41


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (continued)

The table below presents the average number of training days taken by our employees, 

by employee category. Average training days for FY2019/20 were lower as compared 

to FY2018/19 due to a suspension of training in the last quarter as a result of the 

Covid-19 outbreak.

404-1

Average Number of Training Days, by Employee Category

Pilot and Cabin Crew Training

Before they can perform their flight duties on board, new cabin crew members must 

complete a 14-week classroom and on-the-job training programme. The training 

programme covers topics such as food knowledge, meal service procedures, personal 

grooming, social etiquette and wine appreciation. Aligned with SIA’s emphasis on 

safety, our crew also undergo training in security, safety and first aid procedures, 

which include learning cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). 

The Cabin Crew Learning and Development department implemented a series of 

initiatives to facilitate an enhanced learning experience that leverages technology. For 

example, the training programme was recently revamped to adopt a simulated flight 

phase training approach to enable new crew members to retain knowledge and apply 

their learning effectively. It also provides new crew with more hands-on opportunities 

to reinforce their learning.

Our cabin crew are also equipped with strong communications and passenger 

handling skills to cater to the needs of all of our customers. Cabin crew are taught 

techniques on how to deliver personalised service to young children, the elderly, 

and mobility-challenged individuals. 

Beyond functional skills required for cabin crew to carry out their duties on board, 

opportunities for self-development are provided through our Self-Directed Learning 

programme. The programme offers a variety of courses such as culinary arts, 

6 Training days for Pilots are based on Recurrent Training and Base Check hours. 7 Average training days for FY2019/20 were lower as compared to FY2018/19 due to a suspension of training due to the Covid-19 outbreak.



Associates

Cabin Crew

Executives

Managers and Above

Pilots23

4

15

5

3

8

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

7

17

8

5

8

languages, people management, and leadership skills. The objective of the programme 

is to empower our crew to take charge of their development and upgrade their core 

skillsets with certified professional competencies.

SIA’s pilot training programmes are designed to achieve the highest standards of 

training that meet all regulatory requirements, and to also satisfy the safety and 

quality objectives of our organisation. Besides mandatory training programmes, 

we conduct developmental programmes for all ranks of pilots to enhance their 

operational and flight skills. We also have a mentoring framework in place to instil 

our Company’s core values and enhance our pilot’s competencies by learning from 

experienced peers.

Scoot’s Learning Management System was developed in 2018 for cabin crew trainees 

and trainers to maximise instructional time spent in classrooms. For instance, trainees 

can access material online before in-class training sessions, which has reduced total 

class time by at least half a day. The system enables Scoot’s instructors to make 

the most of classroom hours by focusing on the application of knowledge through 

techniques such as role-playing.

As part of the SIA Group’s Cadet Pilot Programme, SIA Flight Operations 

Management, along with Human Resources representatives, make regular visits to 

cadets stationed in Perth, Australia. This allows the cadets to have dialogues with 

management and share their feedback and concerns on the training programme.

23 Training days for Pilots are based on Recurrent Training and Base Check hours.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

42


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (continued)

Refreshed Suite of Leadership and Professional Development Programmes

Following the review of the SIA Leadership and Functional Competency Framework, we introduced a suite of Leadership and 

Professional Development programmes in FY2019/20, with the purpose of strengthening our leadership and enhancing workforce 

capabilities across all employee grades. Focus areas include teamwork and personal effectiveness, change management and result-

oriented leadership. Continued priority was also placed on arming our employees with future readiness and digital capabilities, 

with emphasis on building knowledge and skills amongst ground staff in design thinking, agile methodologies and data analytics.

Enhancements were also made to various learning platforms and resources during the year in review, through the adoption of new 

technologies in curriculum design and delivery. These include:

Implementation of Virtual Reality 

simulations in the Heavy Cargo Handling 

programme for faster learning applications

Introduction of interactive video technology 

to design custom scenario-based e-learning, 

on topics such as performance development 

to improve handling of lost baggage

Globally, SIA and SilkAir employees have access to our courses on the SKIES e-learning 

platform. In October 2019, over 13,000 bite-sized learning modules from our 

e-library were made available to our employees. With the launch of SKIES on Mobile in 

FY2019/20, all SIA and SilkAir employees are empowered to take charge of their learning 

and development through distance-based learning.

SKIES e-Learning Platform: Learn Anytime, Anywhere

Over 13,000 Bite-sized Modules

Virtual Learning

Learn On-the-go





Providing access to the SKIES e-learning 

platform to all Singapore Airlines and SilkAir 

employees globally. The SKIES mobile 

app was launched in FY2019/20, further 

empowering employees to take charge of 

their learning and self-development on-the-go







































INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

43


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





SilkAir

At SilkAir, emphasis is placed on integrating new employees to the best practices and culture of 

the organisation. New hires undergo an induction programme to introduce them to the aviation 

industry and know-hows of the Company. SilkAir also has a strong mentorship scheme through 

which newly joined executives can learn from the experience and skills of other senior executives 

and managers. SilkAir offers training for ground employees through SIA’s Corporate Learning 

Centre. In addition, SilkAir has continuing education opportunities that empower and offer 

scholarship assistance to employees, allowing them to further their studies and upgrade their 

skillsets. Moreover, all SilkAir employees have access to e-learning modules on SKIES and other 

digital platforms run by SIA’s Corporate Learning Centre.

Scoot

In August 2019, Scoot, the Scoot Tigerair Staff Union, and the Singapore Employment and Employability Institute signed a Memorandum of Agreement for the 

formation of the Scoot Company Training Committee to plan and introduce skills training initiatives. In FY2019/20, Scoot inculcated a culture of learning and 

continual growth among employees with initiatives including:

• Launch of Zunos in April 2019, a digital learning management platform, accessible on desktops and mobile devices to facilitate learning on the go. Zunos also 

enables managers to track their team’s learning progress

• Introduction of a three-day event called Learning Fest in July 2019, in conjunction with SkillsFuture Singapore. Learning Fest comprised a roadshow and a series 

of talks and workshops covering themes such as digital skills, innovation, personal mastery and well-being. Over 60 per cent of Scoot’s employees, 

including pilots, cabin crew and office staff, participated in at least one talk or workshop

• Roll out of four design-thinking workshops in FY2019/20 to equip employees with the skills to develop customer-centric solutions

• Roll out of four data analytics courses in FY2019/20 to raise employees’ digital proficiency in data analysis

• Curation of a series of Career Skills Awareness workshops, sharing strategies on career planning and skills upgrading. The workshops were conducted for over 

100 Scoot employees including office staff, cabin crew and pilots

• Partnership with Udemy for Business in August 2019, an online learning platform for professionals. Through this partnership, office-based employees were 

granted access to over 3,500 online courses for self-learning. Approximately 80 per cent of Scoot’s office-based employees are now registered on Udemy with 

around 50 per cent participating in the online courses. Moving forward, Scoot plans to continue cultivating a learning culture through promotional activities 

such as its bimonthly “Learning Happy Hour” sessions, for employees, which provides them with dedicated time to learn on the Udemy platform

A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (continued)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

44


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



The Covid-19 outbreak is the greatest challenge faced by SIA. Despite the challenges, our employees have shown tremendous strength and resilience, demonstrating the true spirit of SIA. In support 

of Singapore’s healthcare and transport sectors’ frontline efforts, hundreds of our cabin crew members volunteered for the roles of Care and Transport Ambassadors, using their expertise and 

experience as care providers to support hospitals and public transport stations. As of end-May 2020, more than 1,000 employees from the SIA Group participated in the following schemes:

CASE STUDY  

KEEPING OUR EMPLOYEES ENGAGED 

WHILE GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY

^ Includes Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot cabin crew employees. 

* Includes Singapore Airlines cabin crew employees only.

346

Care 

Ambassadors^

Care Ambassadors take on a non-clinical role 

to provide support and attend to patients 

who require routine medical care, under the 

supervision of hospital nursing staff.

44

Contact Tracing 

Ambassadors*

Contact Tracing Ambassadors support 

Singapore’s contact tracing team by reaching 

out to potential contacts and requesting 

required information to aid authorities in their 

contact tracing efforts.

230

Social Service Office (SSO) 

Processing Officers^

SSO Processing Officers provide 

administrative support to the Ministry of 

Social and Family Development (MSF) in 

processing schemes to determine applicants’ 

suitability for relief grants.

471

Transport 

Ambassadors^

Transport Ambassadors support the manning of 

thermal stations, actively remind commuters on 

safe distancing measures, regulate commuter 

flow and facilitate crowd control at various public 

transport stations across Singapore.

The Covid-19 outbreak 

is the greatest 

challenge in SIA’s 

history. Yet, it has 

also taught us 

many lessons and 

strengthened the 

bonds within the 

SIA family. While 

uncertainties may 

linger, the SIA Group 

remains steadfast 

and resilient, working 

together to overcome 

these challenges and 

emerge stronger, 

together.

SIA Care Ambassadors undergoing training to provide 

support to patients in Singapore General Hospital

Image courtesy of SGH

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

45


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



Collaborative Engagement

• Through collaborative engagement with union leaders, compulsory no-pay leave and leave of absence schemes for 

employees on re-employment contracts were implemented. Our overseas stations implemented similar measures 

in line with local regulations and union agreements

• To match manpower levels to the reduced level of activity due to the impact of Covid-19, we implemented the 

Shorter Work Month (SWM) initiative for our ground employees from May 2020, which comprises a progressive 

consumption of annual leave

Communicating with Employees 

• Clear and regular communications on up-to-date information relating to Covid-19 was provided to all employees 

through various internal communications channels

• Introduced the SIA Employee Support Portal, which is a one-stop platform comprising information on Job Support 

Programmes, financial and income tax relief channels, voluntary no-pay leave and furlough schemes, as well as 

Enrichment Day, to offer support to our employees during this period

• Introduced curated content on Scoot’s online employee platform group, ‘ScootToWellness’, providing Scoot employees 

with tips on how to care for their own wellness and mental health during this period

Financial Support

• Working with banks and agencies to support employees who require assistance to manage their finances. These 

include insurance relief, home loan payment relief, credit card and personal loans relief, financial support for SIA 

shares and mandatory convertible bonds, among others

Health and Safety of Employees

• Please refer to pages 59 to 60 for more information on our Covid-19 response regarding the health and safety of 

our employees

Job Support Programme

• Implemented a Job Support Programme to allow additional earnings and new experiences for our employees. We 

waived the requirement for exclusive service to enable our ground staff (on voluntary no-pay leave or furlough) 

and operating crew to take up alternative employment outside of SIA. Our Human Resources Division has been 

reaching out to organisations to provide various external job opportunities. These organisations include the 

Ministry of Health, Ministry of Finance, Singtel, Singapore Land Authority, and more

• Partnered with the Singapore Government’s Multi-Ministry Taskforce on several programmes (Care Ambassadors, 

Contact Tracing Ambassadors etc.)

Training and Enrichment

• Introduced an Enhanced Training Support Package to curate a suite of courses, providing employees with the 

opportunity to enhance and upgrade their skillsets and competencies

• Rolled out an Enrichment Day requirement as part of our SWM initiative for our employees. Employees can opt 

to use the Enrichment Day for either learning or volunteering:

◊ Learning: Employees can choose to complete either a company-organised instructor-led online course, 

online learning via SKIES or LinkedIn Learning, and other training resources (Tableau, SkillsFuture,  

self-funded higher education, etc.)

◊ Volunteering: Employees can choose to volunteer in a company-organised corporate social responsibility 

(CSR) activity

• Partnered with the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) to roll out home-based virtual learning programmes to 

retrain and upskill Scoot crew members



Information accurate as of 30 June 2020. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

Our relationships with our employees matter deeply to us. For 

us to remain sustainable in the long term, we recognise that 

tough decisions and sacrifices must be made now to address the 

rapid decline in air travel due to the tightened border controls 

globally. In March 2020, we announced that we will be cutting 

96 per cent of the capacity that had been scheduled up to end-April.  

We face the unprecedented impact of Covid-19 with our 

employees and do our utmost to support them through these 

trying times.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

46


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





SAFETY

Our priority has always been the health and safety of our customers and employees. At SIA, fostering 

a strong safety culture is a shared responsibility. It involves all individuals in our organisation and 

permeates the way we work. We are constantly looking at improving our processes to make them 

safer. In the face of intensifying geopolitical and societal risks, the onus is on us to remain vigilant 

and adapt swiftly when there are disruptions.

SIA’s Ambition

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures

Supporting the SDGs

We strive to improve our safety practices, as well as inculcate a strong and 

positive safety culture within the organisation.

103-1 

103-2 

103-3 

• Flight Safety Policy

• Safety and Health Policy

• Security Policy

• Safety Risk Management Policy

• Flight Safety Management System (SMS)

• Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS)

• Quality Management System (QMS)

• Security Management System (SEMS)

• Various operational manuals of our divisions and departments 

100%

of all reported hazards have been 

investigated and addressed

0

0

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

FY2019/20 in Numbers

Targets

Frequency

Engagement Mode

Status

Audits and Assessments

Bulletins and Notices

Crisis Management Exercises

Employee Portals (1SQ, W@ves, SKIES, etc.)

Evacuation Drills

External, Statutory and Regulatory 

Communications

Flight Data Analysis Programme Newsletter

Flight Safety Magazine

Hazard Newsletter

Hazard Reporting Programme

Incident Reporting and Investigation

 Meetings (Associations, Briefings, 

Townhalls, etc.) 

Safety and Security Week 

Training Programmes

Regular

Regular

Yearly

Regular

Semi-yearly

Regular 

 

Every four 

months

Half-yearly

Every four 

months

Regular

Regular

Regular

Yearly

Regular

Conduct an annual Crisis Management Exercise

Review the Departmental and Corporate Risk 

Register (Operations) once every six months

Conduct at least two fire evacuation drills for each 

office location in Singapore annually

Conduct an IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) 

once every two years

Conduct a Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment 

for Workplace once every three years

Conduct a Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA) once 

every five years

Every year

Every six 

months

Every year

By FY2019/20

By FY2021/22

By FY2022/23

Achieved

Achieved

Achieved

Achieved

On Track

On Track

Due

work-related fatalities and 

high consequence work-related 

injuries for employees and key 

contractors

cases of recordable work-related 

ill health for employees and key 

contractors

38

Safety Awards and Safety Citations 

awarded to employees at SIA’s 

Safety and Security Week 2019

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES







47


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Safety Management

All employees are involved and actively engaged in the review and continual development of our safety programme.

Safety Governance

403-1

Safety cuts across all levels of our organisation. We have in place an open and effective safety culture that is built on trust and accountability, with 

clearly defined mandates, roles and responsibilities. Our leaders inspire and influence our employees’ attitudes and behaviour toward safety excellence.

Every employee is empowered to be 

responsible for his or her health and 

safety, and that of others. 

Adherence to Safe Work Procedures

• Every employee must adhere to safe work 

procedures at the workplace, including the 

use of protective gear and equipment

Reporting of Hazards

• Every employee is encouraged to take the 

initiative in identifying and addressing 

hazards across our operations and 

workplaces

Reporting of Incidents and Accidents

• Every employee is responsible for reporting 

any incident, accident, near miss or 

dangerous occurrence

Every division is responsible for its 

Safety Management System, including 

its processes, procedures and allocation 

of resources.

Safety Action Groups (SAGs)

• Comprises representatives from relevant 

departments in the division to address 

safety issues and performance within its 

functional responsibilities

Safety Management System (SMS) 

Co-ordinators

• Appointed to facilitate the division’s SMS 

activities and function as the secretariat for 

their respective SAGs

Occupational Safety &amp; Health (OSH) 

Co-ordinators

• Appointed to ensure the safety and health 

of all stakeholders in the workplace

Employees

Divisions

Executive Forums

Our Safety Management Systems are 

regularly reviewed by our Board of 

Directors and Management to ensure its 

suitability, adequacy and effectiveness.  

The key executive forums are:   

• Board Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC)

• Management Committee (MC)

• Group Occupational Safety and Health 

Committee (OSH)

• Group Security Committee (GSC)

• Crisis Management Group (CMG)

• Air Safety Committee (ASC)

• Corporate Operational Quality 

Management Review (COQMR)

BOARD 

SAFETY 

AND RISK 

COMMITTEE 

(BSRC)

BSRC provides strategic 

direction and guidance on 

safety policies. It also oversees the 

Company’s safety performance and 

trends. It ensures that an effective system 

is in place to manage critical operational 

safety and risk issues.

AIR SAFETY COMMITTEE (ASC)

ASC oversees the flight safety programme and Safety Management 

System on behalf of the CEO. ASC monitors the safety performance 

and trends, as well as takes actions to address risks. ASC also provides 

direction and guidance to the SAGs.

SAFETY ACTION GROUPS (SAGs)

SAGs are established within the operational divisions to address safety issues. These include 

Safety Risk Management and Safety Assurance of aviation-related activities within its functional 

responsibilities. The SAGs are chaired by the respective Senior Vice Presidents.

403-4

403-7

PR-1

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

48


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Flight Safety Management 

System (SMS)

Based on:

• CAAS Air Navigation 

Regulation (ANR)

• ICAO International Standards 

and Recommended Practices 

Annex 19 – Safety Management

• IOSA Standards Manual

Management Systems

Safety Management (continued)

Security Management System 

(SEMS)

Quality Management System 

 (QMS)

Occupational Health and Safety Management 

System (OHSMS)

Based on:

• Workplace Safety and 

Health (WSH) Act

• BS OHSAS 18001:2017 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System

Based on:

• CAAS Air Navigation 

Regulations (ANR) 

• ISO 9001:2015 

Quality Management 

System

Coverage:

• All operations

• All employees

Coverage:

• All operations

• All employees

Coverage:

• All operations

• All employees

• All contractors 

working at SIA 

workplaces

Safety, Security And Quality 

Department

Policies and Procedures

The lines of accountability, policies and procedures relating to safety, security and quality are governed by operational manuals of our divisions and departments.

Airport Operations 

Department

Cabin Crew 

Division

Cargo 

Division

Crisis Management 

Department

Engineering 

Division

Flight Operations 

Division

• Air Carrier Security Programme (ACSP)

• Corporate Flight Safety Management and 

Procedures Manual (CFSM)

• Corporate Operational Quality (Safety) Manual  (COQM)

• Flight Security Procedures Manual (FSPM)

• Ground Safety Manual (SSQ GSM)

• Premises Security Manual (PSM)

• Quality Manual (SSQ QM)

• Safety and Emergency Procedures Manual (SEPM)

• Security Management System Manual (SESM)

• Crew Administration 

Manual (CAM)

• Flight Operations 

Quality Manual 

(FOQM)

• Ground Services 

Manual (GSM)

• Ground Services 

Quality Manual (GSQM)

• Cabin Crew Division 

Manual (CCM)

• Cabin Crew Safety 

Management System 

Manual (CCSMSM)

• Cabin Crew Safety 

Manual (CCSM)

• Cabin Crew Safety, 

Security, Quality and 

Health Department 

Procedures Manual 

(CCSSQH DPM)

• Cargo Quality Manual 

(CQM)

• Cargo Safety Manual 

(CSM)

• Crisis Management 

Manual (CMM)

• SIA Maintenance 

Control Manual 

(SIAMCM)

Safety Management Systems, Processes and Procedures

We adopt a systematic approach and have in place robust organisational structures, accountabilities, policies, processes and procedures to manage safety within the Company.

Based on:

• Airport Police Division (APD) 

Security Directive for Aircraft 

Operators

• ICAO International Standards 

and Recommended Practices 

Annex 17 — Security

• IOSA Standards Manual

Coverage:

• All security operations

• All employees

• Applicable security 

providers

403-1

403-8 

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

49


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

We also actively engage in other safety programmes across our operations. Together, these programmes facilitate the 

enhancement of safety holistically across the organisation.

• Conducted by our In-flight Auditors (Ward Leaders)

• Provides real-time assessment on the safety competency and 

performance of our cabin crew

• The results are collated and discussed with the relevant stakeholders

• Areas of development are identified and worked on so as to improve processes

• Consists of planned audits and reviews of SIA’s QMS and performance

• Ensures established policies, practices and procedures are observed and 

revised for continued compliance with applicable regulatory, company and 

IOSA requirements for safe flight operations

Monthly

• Promotes safety on the apron by identifying hazards and unsafe work practices

• Eliminates occurrences of damage to aircraft and equipment

• Raises safety competency levels and measures safety performance for 

continual improvement

• Identifies systemic causes for deviation from standard operations in any 

part of the flight regime 

• Captured in the aircraft’s Quick Access Recorders (QAR), flight data is 

regularly downloaded and used to analyse the aircraft’s flight and systems 

performance, irregularities and trends

• Where necessary, corrective and preventive measures will be implemented 

to improve flying standards and enhance safety

At least one audit 

per year for each 

operational division*

Once a month for 

each station

Every flight

At least one audit 

per year for each 

operational division*



Safety Audits and Assessments

Safety is our first and foremost priority. We strive for continual improvement and constantly strengthen our safety processes. 

As part of our corporate safety assurance, safety audits and assessments are performed on a regular basis across the organisation. 

We take the opportunity to evaluate the effectiveness of our management approach and make adjustments to the way we conduct 

our business activities when there are observations and findings from the audits.

Key Safety Audits

Frequency

Description

Air Operator Certificate 

(AOC) Renewal Audit

• Conducted by CAAS in accordance with the Air Navigation 

Regulations (ANR)

• Assesses SIA’s regulatory compliance as an Air Operator 

Certificate holder and safety performance

• Conducted by The LOSA Collaborative (TLC), Klinect Group 

L.L.C.

• Assesses SIA’s level of organisational resilience to systemic 

threats through a data-driven approach, identifies threats 

and errors to flight safety, minimises risks that such threats may 

generate, and implement measures to manage human error

• Conducted by an independent IATA-accredited audit 

organisation in accordance with standardised IOSA quality 

audit principles

• Assesses SIA’s operational management, control systems 

and safety performance for continual improvement

Every year

Every two years

The last audit was 

completed in 2019.

Every five years

The last audit was 

completed in 2018.

Safety Management (continued)

IATA Operational 

Safety Audit (IOSA)

Line Operations 

Safety Audit (LOSA)

Programme

Frequency

Description

Cabin Operation 

Safety (CSO) 

Programme

• Consists of planned audits and reviews of SIA’s SMS and performance

• Ensures established policies, practices and procedures continue to be 

suitable, adequate and effective

Safety 

Management 

System (SMS) 

Audit

Ground Ramp 

Incident 

Prevention (GRIP)

Programme

Flight Data 

Analysis 

Programme 

(FDAP)

Corporate 

Operational 

Quality (Safety) 

Audit

• Ensures that the business units have implemented all necessary 

workplace safety and health policies, practices and procedures and that 

the risk control measures implemented in workplaces are effective

Fortnightly

Workplace Safety 

Inspection

* Cabin Crew Division, Cargo Division, Customer Services and Operations Division (Airport Operations department), Engineering Division and Flight Operations Division.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

50


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

PASSENGER SAFETY

Crew Competency

Our cabin crew and pilots are trained in safety and emergency procedures.

Our cabin crew and pilots regularly attend safety and security courses and keep abreast of safety developments through avenues such as 

circulars, campaigns and regular divisional communication sessions. The importance of providing service while keeping in mind safety and 

security measures is consistently emphasised through these channels. Some key elements from our Safety and Emergency Procedures Manual 

include, but are not limited to:

Pre-flight Safety Briefing

As part of Standard Operating Procedures, pilots undergo a pre-flight safety briefing. The briefing covers general 

safety, as well as specific aircraft, route and weather information for the flight.

For cabin crew, a mandatory briefing is also conducted prior to each flight. During the session, a safety video of 

the aircraft type they will be operating in is viewed and relevant safety topics and questions are discussed. This 

safety briefing reinforces and refreshes our crew’s safety knowledge for each flight.

In-flight Safety Briefing

A mandatory in-flight safety briefing in the form of a safety video or live demonstration is carried out on all 

flights prior to departure. This is to increase our customers’ awareness on the appropriate safety measures 

to take during their flight in the unlikely event of an emergency.





































































































403-5

403-7

PR-1

Emergency 

Procedures

In-flight Medical 

Emergency

Safety Equipment and 

Systems

Standard Operating 

Procedures

Survival

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

51


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Caring for the Passenger

While a dedicated crew member will care for the unwell passenger, other crew members will contact our tele-medical 

service provider for advice. In addition, the assistance of any onboard medical professional will be sought.

Precautionary Measures and Disposal of Biohazard Waste

We endeavour to adopt the best possible means to ensure that there is a dedicated area for the unwell passenger to 

recuperate. Any biohazard waste will also be disposed of properly to minimise contamination.

Personal Protective Equipment

Infectious Disease Handling Kits, which include surgical face masks, protective gowns, anti-fog goggles, biohazard bags, 

disposable gloves and disinfectants are available on board all our aircraft. If necessary, the unwell passenger, our crew 

members and any medical professional assisting on board the flight will be adequately equipped with the necessary 

personal protective equipment.

Alerting the Destination Airport Authorities

If there is a suspected case of infectious disease on board the flight, our pilots will alert the authorities at the destination 

airport to ensure that the unwell passenger will be attended to by the relevant medical authorities upon landing.



PASSENGER SAFETY (continued)

Medical Emergencies and Infectious Disease Handling

Emphasis is placed on the handling of medical emergencies when they happen on board our flights. In the event of an in-flight injury 

or illness, our cabin crew are equipped with the first aid skills and knowledge to administer care to the unwell passenger. The unwell 

passenger will be attended to by the relevant medical authorities upon landing.

We adopt strict measures on the ground and in the air to minimise the spread of infectious diseases. Our ground employees and crew 

undergo basic training on the procedures necessary to manage infectious diseases, in line with the health regulations and requirements 

implemented by local authorities. Cabin Safety Instructions (CSI) are issued and communicated to all crew when there are changes to the 

regulations and requirements. 

The procedures mentioned in the table on the right will be enhanced in line with the nature and scale of the infectious disease. 

We remain prepared to respond swiftly and appropriately in the face of epidemics and pandemics. For more information on our 

response to Covid-19, please refer to pages 59 to 60.

Pre-flight

Post-flight

In-flight

Observation and Health Screening

Before boarding, any passenger observed to be unwell will be referred to the airport medical authorities. The passenger 

will only be allowed to board the aircraft after a doctor certifies that the passenger is fit to travel.

Disinfection and Grounding of Aircraft

Should a passenger be offloaded from our aircraft and sent to a designated hospital due to an infectious disease, the 

aircraft will be disinfected before commencing the flight. Depending on the situation and health regulations at the 

departing station, the aircraft and passengers may be grounded for further observation, if necessary.

Disinfection

The aircraft cabin and lavatories will be disinfected to ensure that all surfaces are cleaned and refreshed for the next flight.

Food Safety 

We are committed to serving in-flight meals that meet the highest level of food safety and hygiene. We have a policy of not using 

Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) in the meals served to our customers. Our caterers ensure that ingredients are sourced from 

licenced and accredited establishments, which conform to the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities, as well as the 

Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) and International Organization for Standardization (ISO) systems. The 

Quality Assurance team from our local caterer, SATS Ltd, conducts factory audits on external suppliers, regular laboratory tests and 

random quality checks on incoming raw ingredients.

Locally-manufactured items are procured from establishments licenced by the Singapore Food Agency (SFA), or the equivalent 

authority in other countries. In addition to our caterers’ food safety compliance with their local regulations, we engaged Medina 

Quality Assurance to conduct regular audits on SATS Ltd and selected overseas stations. 

Globally, all our caterers are certified by their relevant local authorities for food safety and hygiene. Caterers are required to 

comply with their local laws and regulations. Local authorities will advise SATS Ltd of such regulations during the development 

of meals, so that the meals prepared are in line with local regulations. These include allergen labelling, minimum food safety 

requirements for food handling for safe distribution into foreign countries, etc. 

In FY2019/20, there were zero incidents of non-compliance to food safety and hygiene that resulted in any fines, penalties or warnings.

416-2

Infectious Disease Handling Procedures

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

52


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE

We have a robust set of measures in place to protect our stakeholders and assets in the event of an on-ground 

emergency. Our Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) is the first to respond to an emergency to prevent 

further escalation. 

The primary objective of CERT is to mitigate and control an emergency during the initial stages prior to the arrival of the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF). Our Emergency Response 

Plan (ERP) is a comprehensive plan that integrates our Fire Emergency Plan and Arson Prevention Plan.

Fire Emergency Plan (FEP)

Arson Prevention Plan (APP)

• Includes procedures for occupants and building 

management to follow in the event of a fire emergency

• Regular fire evacuation drills are conducted to test the 

effectiveness of the plan

• Includes procedures to safeguard the building’s fire 

safety system against security threats arising from 

arson attacks

With our FEP setting the roles and responsibilities 

for occupants and building management to 

follow in the event of a fire emergency, our 

stakeholders are able to respond swiftly to a fire 

in any of our office premises. In FY2019/20, we 

conducted two fire evacuation drills at each of our 

owned buildings. 

We also conduct Crisis Management Exercises on 

a regular basis. These are scenario-driven exercises 

for participants to derive solutions to likely 

emergency scenarios. It is intended to assist 

our Fire Safety Managers (FSMs) and building 

managers in addressing our occupants’ needs when 

emergencies arise from a security or terrorist threat. 

During the exercises, surfaced issues will be discussed and 

assessed. Solutions will be drawn up and implemented to 

ensure the preparedness and readiness of the Company 

to address such emergencies.













































































































































































































































403-4

403-7

PR-1

403-5

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

53


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

HAZARD IDENTIFICATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Hazard identification is part of our risk management process, which is centred around 

the principle of managing justifiable risks at the right time and at the right level.

 We evaluate the probability and potential consequences from the exposure of identified hazards, and determine the appropriate measures to 

prevent the occurrence of such situations.

Hazard Reporting

Our employees are encouraged to identify and address hazards across our operations and 

workplaces without fear of reprisal. Hazard reports can be submitted electronically via our 

employee portal or through hard copies. In FY2019/20, we introduced a new feature in 1SQ,  

our one-stop employee mobile app, allowing employees to submit their hazard reports and 

photos on the go. All hazard reports are routed to the respective division or department to 

investigate and implement measures to remove these hazards. An initial risk assessment and 

investigation findings of the hazard will have to be submitted within two weeks. 

Each report brings us a step closer to a safer environment for all our employees. All reported 

hazards have been investigated and addressed during the year. To raise awareness of hazards 

among our employees and to encourage them to step forward to report hazards, all hazard 

reports and notable case studies are circulated internally through our quarterly Hazards Newsletter.

Fatigue Risk Management

Our Flight Operations Division and Cabin Crew Division have a Fatigue Risk Management (FRM) framework in 

place to manage fatigue risk while operating flights. This framework includes a fatigue reporting system for crew to 

submit reports of fatigue that they might have experienced while performing their duties. These reports, together 

with tools such as a bio-mathematical fatigue model and fatigue surveys, will be used by the Management to 

determine areas of fatigue concern across our operations. 

Employees who are involved in crew rostering and scheduling are also trained in the science of fatigue risk 

management. SIA is also an active member of the IATA Fatigue Management Task Force, which keeps abreast of the 

latest regulatory and industry developments in the area.

Pilot Psychological Well-being

The mental well-being of our pilots is important to us. We have a comprehensive psychological support framework in 

place, which involves trained peer counsellors, aviation psychiatrists and psychologists, as well as the Civil Aviation 

Medical Board, to care for the mental well-being of our pilots. In addition to this framework, we abide by medical 

reporting guidelines, creating a safe environment for reporting and for pilots to seek assistance if required.

Systematic Alcohol Screening

Safety is our highest priority and we view cases related to alcohol consumption seriously. SIA has clear policies 

regarding the consumption of alcohol for our operating crew and these policies are constantly reinforced. In 

accordance with CAAS guidelines, SIA implemented the Airline Alcohol Management Programme (AAMP), which 

involves detection through alcohol test screening, following a risk-based, randomised approach. Prior to flight 

departure, certified ground employees will perform alcohol breathalyser tests on our operating flight crew 

reporting for duty. This programme is over and above the Airport Alcohol Testing Programme (AATP), which CAAS 

maintains and enforces.

Our flight crew are prohibited from consuming alcohol within 10 hours from their flight duty. They are also 

encouraged to highlight any concerns they may have regarding the well-being and safety of our customers, fellow 

crew members and the aircraft they operate in. We continue to take all necessary measures to ensure that our flight 

crew are reminded of their responsibilities and the consequences of not adhering to these policies.

403-2

403-3

403-4

403-5

403-7

PR-1

STEP 1

Hazard 

Identification

Risk  

Assessment

Risk  

Mitigation

Implementation

Review

STEP 2

STEP 3

STEP 4

STEP 5

We identify hazards from processes that are predictive, proactive and reactive. 

The scope for hazards is wide and may relate to factors that are communication, design, 

human, organisational, procedural, regulatory or work environment in nature. 

We perform risk assessments based on the probability of the hazard causing harm  

or adverse consequences, and take into consideration the severity of their outcomes.

We adopt three basic strategies in risk mitigation:

• Avoidance

• Reduction

• Segregation of exposure

A combination of measures such as administrative or engineering controls, procedures, 

equipment or contingency plans are taken to contain risks. Control measures that are 

higher up in the Hierarchy of Controls, such as elimination and substitution, will be 

considered first.

We communicate the adopted measures to our internal stakeholders prior to their 

implementation. These may come in the form of bulletins, notices or workshops. 

A monitoring system is also put in place to monitor compliance and to assess the 

adequacy of these measures.

We conduct reviews to assess the adequacy of risk management and ensure that the 

implemented controls are effective.

of all reported hazards 

have been investigated and 

addressed in FY2019/20

100%

54


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

AIRCRAFT INCIDENTS

Aircraft Incident Procedures

Reporting

A robust set of reporting procedures are in place for different 

incident types. All incidents have to be reported promptly.

• Air miss, air proximity, air traffic control, resolution advisory 

incidents, traffic collision avoidance system

• Flight incidents

• Ground incidents

• Incidents involving crew injury or illness

• Incidents involving passenger and supernumerary injury  

or illness

• Incidents involving tail strike

• Significant or serious incidents

• Suspected and actual bird strikes

Key stakeholder groups are engaged upon notification of the 

incident or receipt of the incident report. They include:

• Fleet

• Safety, Security &amp; Quality (SSQ)

• SIAEC

• SIA Operations Control 

• Station Managers and Cargo Managers

The purpose of the investigation is to determine the facts, 

conditions and circumstances pertaining to the incident so that 

action can be taken to prevent a recurrence. 

All incidents, investigations and actions taken will be compiled 

by SSQ into a bi-monthly summary, which will be reviewed by 

the Air Safety Committee.

Incidents and investigation reports are made available to all 

employees on the SSQ W@ves portal to increase the level of 

safety awareness and education.

Actions

Investigation

Communication

403-2

403-5

403-7

PR-1

Extending beyond our legal and regulatory requirements, strong emphasis is placed on incident reporting and investigation so that an occurrence of a similar 

nature may be prevented in the future.



















































55


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

workplace INCIDENTS

SIA has procedures in place to manage workplace incidents and accidents. In the event 

that an employee suffers from a work-related injury, swift action will be taken to care for 

the employee.

We also have a Confidential Incident Reporting programme to encourage employees to share any hazards, unsafe acts or situations encountered at 

the workplace. Reports submitted under this programme will be treated in strict confidence. The identity of the reporter will be kept confidential and 

their personal details are only required in the event that the SSQ department requires further information for investigation.

We regularly review potential hazards and introduce measures to prevent the possibility of such incidents 

from occurring. For instance, we stepped up the frequency of mopping in washrooms to keep the floors dry 

and increased placements of anti-slip mats at washbasin areas to reduce slip and fall incidents. During the year 

in review, we continued to engage our employees on occupational health and safety matters. The Cabin Crew 

Division focused on raising awareness on physical and mental well-being amongst crew members through a 

series of dialogue sessions and communication tools. 

In FY2019/20, we recorded two work-related injuries for our key contractors. These were minor injuries 

relating to slip, trips and falls. Measures were implemented at the incident site, such as increasing illumination 

and installing friction strips on staircases to minimise future occurrences.

Work-related Injuries24

In FY2019/20, we reported zero work-related fatalities and zero high consequence work-related injuries. 

We recorded four work-related injuries for our ground employees and 577 work-related injuries for our 

cabin crew, with an overall work-related injury rate of 35.1 injuries per million man hours worked.

Each work-related injury is documented and the cause of each injury is identified. Additional measures are 

put in place to ensure that such incidents do not occur in the future. We continue to closely monitor the 

situation together with our stakeholders to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees.

403-9

403-3

PR-1

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

Employees

Workers Who are Non-Employees

Estimated number  

of man hours worked

Scope of workers who  

are non-employees

Number (and rate*) of fatalities  

as a result of work-related injuries

Estimated number of  

man hours worked

Number (and rate*) of high consequence 

work-related injuries

Number (and rate*) of fatalities  

as a result of work-related injuries

Number (and rate*) of recordable  

work-related injuries

Number (and rate*) of  

high consequence work-related injuries 

(excluding fatalities)

Main types of work-related injuries

Number (and rate*) of recordable  

work-related injuries

Main types of work-related injuries

16,566,501

0

1,294,689

0 

0

0

2 (1.5)

Slip, trips  

and falls

581 (35.1)

15,567,250

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, 

warehouse operations)

0

1,213,404

0

0

211 (13.6)

0

0

Nil

• Slip, trips and falls

• Struck by falling objects such as cabin baggage

• Over-exertion and strenuous movements 

• Exposure to extreme temperatures such as scalds

24 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 130 to 131 for definitions and methodologies.   

* Rates are calculated per million man hours worked. 

work-related fatalities 

and high consequence 

work-related injuries 

for employees and key 

contractors in FY2019/20

56


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

workplace INCIDENTS (CONtinued)

403-10

Work-related Ill Health25 

FY2018/19

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2019/20

Employees

Workers Who are Non-Employees

Number of fatalities as a result 

of work-related ill health

Scope of workers who 

are non-employees

Number of recordable  

work-related ill health

Number of fatalities as a result 

of work-related ill health

Main types of work-related 

ill health

Number of recordable  

work-related ill health

Main types of work-related 

ill health

0

0

0

Nil

0

0

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, 

warehouse operations)

13

0

Noise-induced deafness

0

Nil

Nil



cases of 

recordable work-

related ill health 

for employees and 

key contractors in 

FY2019/20

Due to the nature of our operations, employees may be exposed to loud noise and various chemicals.  

In FY2019/20, we reported zero cases of work-related illnesses for our employees and key contractors.

25 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 130 to 131 for definitions and methodologies.

57


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

403-4

403-5

We believe in involving all employees to ensure 

safety in SIA. Various communications channels  

are available for employees to share their feedback 

so that the safety measures implemented can  

be improved.

Safety Surveys

SSQ conducts Safety Climate Surveys once every three years to identify safety issues that 

employees encounter in their daily operations. Their feedback and insights on potential 

safety implications are sought. This allows employees to clarify any doubts they may have 

regarding unsafe work procedures or conditions. 

Divisions in SIA are encouraged to conduct customised safety surveys to dive deep into 

specific issues relating to the division’s scope of work. For instance, Cabin Crew Division and 

Flight Operations Division conduct a safety survey with our pilots and cabin crew every two 

years. This survey assesses areas such as safety management, violations observed during 

operations and readiness of our crew to report on safety matters. It provides an overall 

assessment of the safety climate and culture, as well as safety concerns of our crew. A 

comprehensive list of quantitative and qualitative performance indicators helps us measure 

the effectiveness of our efforts. These indicators are reviewed on a quarterly basis and are 

benchmarked against industry standards.

Safety Training

All employees are equipped with safety skills and knowledge required for them 

to perform their duties and respond appropriately when the need arises. All 

newly recruited employees will have to undergo a comprehensive safety training 

programme, including specialised and vocational training. Continual education is also 

provided regularly through various channels to keep our employees abreast of recent 

developments. It also gives them the opportunity to familiarise themselves with 

various operational systems.

CASE STUDY  

SAFETY AND SECURITY WEEK 2019: REINFORCING RESILIENCE, STRENGTHENING SAFETY

The theme of Safety and Security Week (SSW) 2019 was “Reinforcing Resilience, 

Strengthening Safety”. Building on the previous year’s theme of “Resilience in 

Operations”, the focus of SSW 2019 was to encourage employees to learn from 

experience while inculcating a culture that values our human capital as the solution. 

These aim to strengthen the resilience of our employees, enabling them to cope with 

the demands and uncertainties that are common place in our operations. 

Guest speakers were invited to share their knowledge and experience at SSW 2019. 

These include Professor Erik Hollnagel, an internationally-recognised specialist in 

resilience engineering, systems safety and human reliability analysis. He conducted 

workshops to reinforce our employees’ understanding of resilience concepts and 

provided opportunities for the participants to put their learning into practice. Over 

the course of the week, various activities were organised across the SIA Group such 

as forums, seminars and campaigns to promote safety and security at their respective 

work areas. 



Employees and stakeholders who exhibited exemplary judgment and skills toward 

safety were recognised at the annual Safety and Security Awards and Citations 

Ceremony. A total of 18 Safety Awards and 20 Safety Citations were awarded to 

employees from the SIA Group.

The SIA Group Safety Award is presented to individuals who exhibit exemplary 

judgement and skills in preventing an accident or major mishap from happening, or 

in managing and overcoming a difficult situation. It is presented to individuals who 

discover or correct major flaws in our aircraft or equipment systems, or contributed 

consistently and significantly towards safety.

The SIA Group Safety Citation is presented to individuals who exhibit good 

judgement and skills in preventing or in handling an incident. It is also presented to 

individuals who contribute noteworthy efforts to promoting safety.

58


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Our response to Covid-19

The health and 

safety of all 

stakeholders remains 

our top priority. 

Since January 2020, 

we have introduced 

various measures 

both on the ground 

and in the air to 

ensure the health 

and safety of our 

stakeholders. We 

continue to make 

adjustments to these 

measures based 

on the evolving 

situation, taking 

into account the 

requirements and 

recommendations 

from IATA, 

government 

authorities and 

international bodies 

such as the World 

Health Organisation 

(WHO).

• Temperature screening and completion of health 

declaration for all crew before operating each flight

• Temperature screening and completion of health 

declaration and/or health assessment for all 

passengers prior to flight departure*

• All staff at the airports wear face masks and follow 

safety standards mandated by the local authorities*

• Markers on the ground and alternate check-in kiosks 

for safe distancing*

• Cleaning frequencies have been increased and 

long-lasting disinfectants are applied to frequently 

touched surfaces*

• All passengers receive a complimentary Care Kit 

containing a face mask, hand sanitiser, and  

anti-bacterial wipes

Flight Operations

• All crew are required to wear face masks throughout the flight, as well as goggles 

or eye visors when interacting with passengers. Gloves are also worn during meal 

service

• Cleaning frequencies of lavatories have been increased using manufacturer-

approved high-strength disinfectants

• Adjustments to in-flight service and amenities

◊ Removal of menu cards and seatback literature such as magazines and 

newspapers. Passengers have complimentary access to over 150 newspapers 

and magazines available for download via our e-Library on the SingaporeAir 

mobile app

◊ Suspension of in-flight purchases. Passengers can order KrisShop items online 

for collection in-flight or have it delivered to their homes

◊ Suspension of services such as distribution of hot towels, children’s amenities, 

baby kit bags and arrival cards to minimise contact

• Adjustments to food and beverage services

◊ Meal services have been suspended for all flights within South East Asia and to 

Mainland China in line with regulatory requirements. A snack bag with water 

and refreshments will be provided upon boarding instead

◊ For all other flights, meal services have been simplified. First Class and 

Business Class meals are to be served as a one-tray offering, as per Singapore’s 

regulations. This will consist of an appetiser, a main course and a dessert.  

We also adjusted the alcohol offerings in all cabin classes. For customers 

requiring special meals, a reduced list based on the IATA guidelines will be 

available upon request

• Temperature screening and completion of health declaration and/or health 

assessment for all passengers upon arrival*

• All staff at the airports wear face masks and follow safety standards mandated by 

the local authorities*

• Cleaning frequencies have been increased and long-lasting disinfectants are 

applied to frequently touched surfaces*

• Common surfaces and areas such as windows, tray tables, handsets, in-flight 

entertainment screens, lavatories and galleys are wiped with a strong disinfectant. 

If there is a confirmed Covid-19 case on one of our flights, our rigorous deep-cleaning 

procedures will be activated post-flight. These procedures take five times 

longer than the regular process and includes the fogging of the entire cabin with 

disinfectants

• Headsets, headrest covers, pillow covers, bedsheets and blankets are replaced after 

every flight. Used linens are washed at high temperatures to disinfect them after 

every use 

• Enhanced measures for crew at station

◊ Dedicated crew lanes for immigration clearance*

◊ Charter of large buses for safe distancing, where possible

◊ Relocation of crew to hotels near airports, with dedicated floors  

where possible

◊ Layover measures such as room stays, room service and safe distancing

Caring for Our Stakeholders

 

* By airport operators. May vary across airports. 

Pre-flight

In-flight

Post-flight

Information accurate as of 30 June 2020.

59


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 (continued)

• Provision of PPE for employee use and availability of hand sanitisers at key areas

• Twice-daily temperature screening for employees through a webform

• Approximately 85 per cent of our employees are working from home (as at 7 April 2020).

The remaining 15 per cent of our employees return to office for essential operations only

• Measures taken to avoid cross-deployment, movement and interaction of employees from

different office premises

Ground Operations

Caring for Our Stakeholders



Employee Measures

Airport Ticketing 

Offices

SilverKris Lounges

• Temporary closure of SIA’s Service Centre at ION Orchard Singapore, in line with Singapore’s

circuit breaker measures

• Consolidation of services at Singapore’s Changi Airport Terminal 3 (T3)

• Requests by customers to be handled through our 24-hour Contact Centre and

electronic means

• Temporary closure of facilities such as the SIA Group Sports Club and the SIA Training Centre

canteen

• Safe distancing markings set up at all touchpoints

• Enhanced premises cleaning procedures, with fogging of high traffic areas and increased

frequency of wipe-down of high contact areas

• All SilverKris Lounges are closed except for the SilverKris Lounge at Singapore’s

Changi Airport T3

• Mandatory for all customers and employees to wear masks

• Social distancing markings set up at all touchpoints

• Enhanced hygiene measures have been put in place during meal services. Customers can

enjoy à la carte meals in place of a buffet service in most of our lounges

Ground Premises

60


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



customer-focus

Customer service is instrinsically linked to the Singapore 

Airlines brand promise. Whether pre-flight, in-flight 

or post-flight, we endeavour to make every journey 

personal for our customers and deliver a Great Way 

to Fly. We continue to place emphasis on the quality 

of service that our customers receive across all 

Singapore Airlines touchpoints.

SIA’s Ambition

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures

We endeavour to offer customers the best travel 

experience through service excellence and 

proactive customer engagement.

103-1

103-2 

103-3

• Customer Experience Management System

• Customer Insights Portal

• Performance Improvement Framework

• Privacy Policy

• Quality Framework

• Quality Management System

• Service Audits

• SOAR as ONE Service Philosophy

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

FY2019/20 in Numbers

Engagement Mode

brands available on our revamped KrisShop, 

with over 20 dedicated online shopfronts

↑11%

improvement in our Telephone Service Factor 

(TSF) from FY2018/19

↓19%

decrease in average delayed or lost baggage 

rate, an improvement from FY2018/19

0

substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy

Annual Report, Sustainability Report

Customer Communications Channels (Chatbot, Email, Hotline, Live Chat,  Social Media, etc.) 

Press Releases 

Publications (KrisWorld Magazine, Priority Magazine, SilverKris Magazine, etc.)

Surveys (Voice Of Customer Post-flight Survey, etc.)

&gt;500

Supporting the SDGs

Frequency

Regular

Regular

Ad hoc

Ad hoc

Yearly

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES





61


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

 

Industry-leading Innovations

CUSTOMER-FOCUS

We do our utmost to make every journey personal.

Understanding the needs of our customers and enhancing customer experience are the key principles that guide our business decisions. We aim to create personal, lasting bonds with all customers. We do this by 

improving the service that our customers receive across all touchpoints, anticipating our customers’ needs and delighting them throughout their journey with us. We want our customers to be assured of the high 

standards of service and efficiency that they can expect from us, both on the ground and in the air.

SIA recognises the value of innovation and knows that our customers desire it too. As an innovative market leader and industry trendsetter, we are proud to have achieved significant milestones through the decades.

First to offer free headsets, a choice of 

meals and free drinks in Economy Class, 

in the 1970s

First to fly the lightweight and 

fuel-efficient Boeing 787-10 

Dreamliner in 2018

First to fly the Airbus A380 superjumbo, 

from Singapore to Sydney in 2007

First to offer audio- and video-on-demand 

capabilities on KrisWorld in all cabin 

classes in 2001

First to introduce KrisWorld, 

a state-of-the-art in-flight entertainment 

and communications system across all 

cabin classes in 1995

First to introduce satellite-based 

in-flight telephones in 1991

First to fly non-stop across the Pacific 

between Hong Kong and San Francisco 

in 1989

First to involve a panel of world-renowned 

chefs, the International Culinary Panel, 

in developing in-flight meals in 1998

First to introduce Companion App that 

offers customers greater control over 

their in-flight entertainment experience   

in 2016

First to offer pre-ordering of 

Child Meals of different cuisines 

in 2019

First to offer pre-ordering of 

in-flight meals for Suites, First Class 

and Business Class customers in 2018

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

62


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

CASE STUDY 

GOING THE EXTRA MILE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

As a testament to his outstanding service record, Amir received the highest number of compliments from customers in FY2018/19 

through our customer feedback system at the SIA Service Centre in Singapore.

An example of Amir displaying his commitment to service excellence was when he went the extra mile to help our customers, Mr 

Stevenson* and his children, to return to their family in Cape Town. Mr Stevenson was unable to board the flight as his children did 

not have the documents required by the South African immigration authorities to clear immigration. After obtaining the necessary 

documents the next day, Mr Stevenson sought Amir’s assistance at the SIA Service Centre to arrange for a return flight on the 

same night. Unfortunately, the flight was fully booked. Undeterred, Amir took the effort to seek internal approval to arrange flight 

tickets for Mr Stevenson and his children on their preferred flight home.

On a separate occasion, our customer, Mrs Lee*, was unable to claim her redemption ticket prior to its expiry date due to medical 

reasons. While it is uncommon to reissue an expired ticket, Amir took the initiative to escalate the case to his supervisor and 

succeeded in getting an approval to reissue the ticket as an exception.

Through these examples, Amir displayed qualities of kindness and empathy even when he faced customer service challenges. 

Amir’s “Why Not?” mindset empowered him to challenge himself to do his best to resolve customer issues with compassion 

and flexibility. 

“It is in these small acts of kindness that we remember why we choose to fly with Singapore Airlines.” – Mr Stevenson

CASE STUDY 

ADDING A PERSONAL TOUCH WHILE CARING FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

Christine’s strong commitment to personalised customer care is the embodiment of SIA’s culture of service excellence.

In September 2018, our customer, Ms Lim*, suffered from severe stomach cramps and nausea on board a flight from Singapore to 

Munich. Upon noticing Ms Lim’s condition, Christine took the initiative to care for Ms Lim to ease her discomfort. As a result of 

Christine’s effort, Ms Lim was able to relieve the pain and rest during the flight. In response to Christine’s act of kindness, Ms Lim 

commented that having Christine next to her during the flight was akin to having a family member care for her.

Beyond the compassion she displays while caring for our customers, Christine picked up the German language so as to add a 

personal touch while serving our customers on board. As a result, she impressed a few of our German-speaking customers by 

speaking to them in their native language, making them feel at home on board their flight.

“I have been on more than 160 flights in the last five years and have had a fair amount of experience with cabin crew. Christine has 

absolutely exceeded my expectations.” – An SIA passenger 



Amir Ghani Bin 

Musa Bakar 

Senior Customer 

Services Officer

Christine Lim 

Flight Stewardess

CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT

Understanding our customers and going the extra mile for them when they travel with us.

*Customer names have been changed to protect their privacy.





SOAR as ONE

In 2017, we introduced SOAR as ONE as our service philosophy to 

reinforce our longstanding commitment to service excellence with a 

single unified call to action across the SIA Group and our service partners.

Structured service training programmes enable our employees to 

appreciate and understand their roles in our service chain and their 

impact on overall customer experience. This allows us to align and 

reinforce a service culture that engenders consistently high service 

delivery standards across all our touchpoints. In FY2019/20, SIA’s 

Corporate Learning Centre (CLC) conducted 27 SOAR as ONE 

trainings for frontline employees, including cabin crew and service 

partners from SATS Ltd and call centres.

Service recognition schemes were also introduced as part of SOAR as 

ONE to inspire frontline employees to uphold SIA’s promise of service 

excellence. The annual CEO Service Excellence Awards event seeks to 

recognise exemplary individuals and teams for outstanding service and 

service innovation ideas. A total of 164 frontline staff were recognised 

during the CEO Service Excellence Awards held in June 2019.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

63


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



customer engagement (continued)

Forging Connections Through Open and Engaging Communications

Maintaining open lines of communications with our customers enables us to understand their needs and identify opportunities to 

improve our service offerings. We proactively engage our customers on a regular basis and enhance the customer experience to 

meet their needs and exceed their expectations.

Monitoring Customer Touchpoints to Meet Customers’ Needs

To consolidate customer insights gathered through the touchpoints, SIA piloted 

the use of the Customer Insights Portal (CIP) in FY2019/20, which will be fully 

implemented by the following year. By aggregating customer feedback and 

sentiments on a single platform and leveraging data-driven insights, SIA will 

be able to make more informed decisions, thereby enhancing the customer 

experience. 

SIA’s Customer Affairs (CA) department attends to customer feedback and 

enquiries daily, with a target response time of 10 working days, so as to ensure 

that customers enquiries and feedback are promptly addressed. Where necessary, 

investigations are carried out prior to any given response. This allows the CA 

department to assess and adopt the appropriate service recovery methods and 

restore our customers’ confidence in SIA. A case management system is used 

to track case assignments and closures. Key Performance Indicator reports 

are regularly prepared to monitor achieved response rates at the station, 

department and individual levels.

Ensuring a positive customer experience across all touchpoints 

is a key priority for us. Customer satisfaction is measured by 

way of metrics across our various touchpoints. Some examples 

are summarised in the graphic on the right.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Website

Customer 

Contact

Services

SilverKris

Lounges

Boarding

Check-in

Cabin Crew

Seats

In-flight 

Entertainment (IFE)

In-flight

Food and

Beverage

Cabin 

Cleanliness

Baggage 

Handling

Transit

64


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

CASE STUDY  

KRISSHOP TRANSFORMATION

Founded in 1974, KrisShop started as an in-flight duty-free shop on board Singapore Airlines. In 

August 2019, KrisShop achieved a major milestone with its brand revamp and a new website to deliver 

a seamless shopping experience for our customers. KrisShop has transformed into an omni-channel 

retailer for all customers, both travellers and non-travellers, by offering a wide range of products 

and experiences with fuss-free delivery options. Customers are able to shop in the comfort of their 

homes and have their purchases delivered to them in-flight or directly to their doorstep. KrisShop also 

launched a same or next day delivery and partnered with local hotels to enable travellers to collect their 

purchases at selected hotels in Singapore.





Revamped Website

Unique Concept Stores

Brand Stores

The KrisShop website sports a refreshed 

look with a modern interface for smoother 

navigation, enhanced search functionality 

and live chat.

KrisShop has an extensive product 

selection, featuring over 500 brands. 

Over 20 dedicated online shopfronts are 

also available for selected brands.

KrisShop has curated concept stores that 

speak to customers’ beliefs and passions, 

ranging from supporting local brands 

(With Love, SG) and giving back to the 

community (KrisShop Cares) to helping 

customers to reduce environmental 

impact (KrisShop Green).

Click here to stay updated with the latest products and brands on, lifestyle trends and more.



Leveraging Digital Platforms and Data Analytics

We live in a digitally connected world, with almost two-thirds of the world’s population owning a mobile 

device26. SIA aims to transform our business digitally to continue thriving in a rapidly changing global 

environment. We are constantly on the look out for new digital tools to adopt and to further leverage 

data analytics to better engage our customers, streamline feedback, and respond more effectively to 

their concerns. Digital tools and platforms such as social media and mobile applications help us stay 

connected with our customers and improve on the delivery of our offerings and overall customer 

experience.

In FY2019/20, we continued to deliver new digital initiatives via our website and mobile applications to 

provide a more seamless and enhanced travel experience for our customers. These initiatives include 

proactively pushing relevant information as well as self-service functionalities that our customers can 

access on their mobile devices. For example, real-time information on boarding gate details, weather 

at their destination and baggage belt information are available to our customers. Self-service features 

that our customers have access to include a baggage tracking feature. Our latest digital enhancements 

include allowing customers to receive updates on the recovery status of their delayed or mishandled 

baggage.

SIA strives to maintain high standards in processing customer feedback. The CA department employs 

data analytics to automate and better manage SIA’s feedback handling process. The system allows 

for automated extraction of customer information, better feedback classification, case routing and 

prioritisation. Other digital initiatives implemented by the CA department include the use of electronic 

payment requests and online self-help options. Beyond improving customer response time, these digital 

initiatives helped to reduce paper usage and time spent on manual processing, enabling the support 

team to perform higher-skilled tasks.

Social media is also an important communications channel through which we engage with our 

customers, communicate important travel information and obtain feedback. SIA’s social media presence 

on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and YouTube serve as additional touchpoints for online 

customer engagement. In 2014, the Social Media Engagement Unit (SMEU) was established to provide 

round-the-clock service for our customers. The SMEU responds to customer feedback on SIA’s social 

media channels and provides assistance with requests and issues 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

customer engagement (continued)

26 World Economic Forum, “Global Risks Report 2020”.









INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

65


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Tracking and Refining SIA’s Service Quality Performance

Ensuring high customer satisfaction levels is the goal of the 

Customer Contact Services (CCS) team. The team regularly 

collates and monitors customer satisfaction levels across 

SIA’s customer servicing channels. A Process Improvement 

Framework is in place to help us achieve our service vision 

through collaboration and continuous learning. Our employees 

are trained to be on a constant lookout for opportunities 

to simplify and redesign processes. In addition, our Quality 

Framework is continuously enhanced to enable us to deliver 

high quality service. We also actively review and develop 

capabilities across our contact centres to increase the resilience 

of our operations. This was demonstrated during the Covid-19 

outbreak where work-from-home arrangements were set up for 

70 per cent of our contact centre staff in Singapore.

In addition, the use of data analytics has enabled the CCS team to 

accelerate and enhance decision making and implement more 

effective changes in our contact centres. This has translated into 

a higher resolution rate and faster customer response time, as 

demonstrated by a 11 per cent improvement in our Telephone 

Service Factor (TSF)27 compared to FY2018/19.

A Service Culture and Quality (SCQ) team was formed in 

February 2019 to promote and imbue the SIA service culture 

within the SIA Group. The team tracks customer feedback and 

compiles monthly service quality performance reports to enable 

business units to monitor and refine their service performance. 

Moving forward, the SCQ team will be developing live dashboards, 

which will be used to  equip business units with timely insights. 

This will enable them to identify opportunitiesto further refine 

their service quality.

customer engagement (continued)

↑11%

improvement in our 

Telephone Service 

Factor from FY2018/19

27 TSF is a metric used to measure the percentage of calls answered within a specific time frame.

A Data-centric Approach for a Customer-centric Design

The Customer Experience (CE) department was formed in 2016 to expand SIA’s potential to deliver exceptional customer experiences. The department works with business units across the organisation to 

adopt a consistent customer-centric and data-driven approach when designing and improving the end-to-end customer journey. 

Building on our commitment to deliver personalised and meaningful customer service, the CE department supports other business units by guiding their decisions based on customer insights gathered 

from the various touchpoints. These insights are gathered through a combination of qualitative and quantitative research that helps us understand customers’ needs, value drivers, concerns and potential 

opportunities for improvements. This information is then shared with the relevant business units to design and implement ways to enhance the SIA experience. In FY2019/20, the team mapped over 30 

customer journeys and designed improved ways to service our customers.

Beyond large scale data projects and design workshops, the team also carries out ethnographic research to understand more about subtle customer needs and requirements. This research is combined with 

operational data, frontline observations and notations of customer preferences from our Customer Experience Management (CEM) system to provide a better analysis of the service delivery improvements 

and requirements. Where in-depth research is unavailable or when execution timelines limit the ability to elicit customer insights, the team employs SIA’s Experience Principles to assist with design decisions 

and implement initiatives that are true to our customers’ needs and SIA’s brand values.

Proudly 

Singaporean

Openly  

Collaborative

Empathetic  

at Heart

Thrillingly 

Consistent

Precisely  

Personalised

Simply  

Straightforward

Ensuring Customer Satisfaction Through Service Excellence

To keep track of our progress, SIA continues to employ the Voice of Customer (VoC) post-flight survey, which was introduced in April 2018. Data from this survey is regularly reviewed during 

management forums. They are also used by SIA’s business units to review existing customer-related policies, products and services. SIA also uses this survey to gather customers’ sentiment, feedback 

and concerns on sustainability-related issues. Some of the key sustainability topics which have been highlighted by our customers include environmental sustainability, community engagement and 

data privacy. These feedback and concerns are raised and addressed at our Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC) meetings. Through this survey, SIA derives 

a Net Promoter Score (NPS), which is a management key performance indicator that measures our customers’ advocacy. In FY2019/20, our NPS improved for our three airline brands: Singapore 

Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot. 

SIA’S

Experience

Principles

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

66


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Customer engagement (continued)

Enhancing Customer Touchpoints and Service Excellence

Better Collaboration with Stakeholders to Improve Efficiencies

Proactive Handling of Mishandled Baggage Cases

Leveraging Digital Tools and Systems to Enable Better Service

Singapore Airlines and SilkAir

We continually innovate and implement new initiatives to improve the way we engage our customers.

Make Boarding Amazing Initiative

Leave No Bags Behind Movement

In FY2019/20, SIA’s Airport Operations and SATS Ltd’s Passenger Services jointly 

embarked on a Make Boarding Amazing (MBA) initiative with the objective of 

simplifying the boarding process by providing a more organised and fuss-free 

experience for customers. Pilot tests were conducted for several Singapore Airlines 

flights departing Singapore Changi Airport, where the team experimented with new 

ways of boarding and implemented improvement measures.

In FY2019/20, nine initiatives were trialled as part of the Leave No Bags Behind movement to improve our end-to-end baggage handling journey while ensuring timely and 

professional handling of baggage.

Through the VoC post-flight survey, we saw an improvement in our customer 

satisfaction scores for flights on the MBA initiative. Moving forward, we aim to 

implement these initiatives on all Singapore Airlines flights departing Singapore 

Changi Airport and continue our engagement with the airport authorities to enhance 

boarding announcements.

• Enhanced baggage handling processes improved the chance of baggage being connected even during  

flight delays

• Flights with shorter connection time that require a quicker turnaround are allocated to gates nearer to  

each other

• Established closer operational collaboration with Changi Airport Group and SATS Ltd to increase baggage 

oversight in the Singapore Hub operations

• Trial initiative for a response team that proactively informs affected passengers upon arrival of their 

mishandled baggage

• Signboards are displayed near baggage carousels to inform passengers about baggage delays

• Ground Handling Agents provide on-the-spot settlements at the Lost and Found counter, reducing 

escalation and processing time

• Agents are trained to use the WorldTracer® system, a global baggage tracing and matching system to help 

customers locate lost baggage

• Passengers can chat with Kris, our Chatbot, to get updates on their delayed baggage status

• SingaporeAir mobile app was enhanced to include a baggage tracking feature to allow passengers to track 

real-time status

Through the implementation of these 

initiatives, we saw an improvement in our 

customer satisfaction scores on baggage 

handling and an improvement in our 

average delayed or lost baggage rate, 

which decreased by 19 per cent. With 

an estimated 240,000 processing hours 

saved annually, we continue to enhance 

our efforts to bring greater convenience 

and efficiency to our customers.

↓19%

240,000

decrease in our average 

delayed or lost baggage 

rate, an improvement from 

FY2018/19

hours saved annually to 

process baggage cases

Approximately

Pre-recorded Audio Announcements

Enables standardised quality of announcements and frees  

up staff to perform other duties such as queue-combing.

Demarcation at Gatehold Rooms

Coloured signs guide passengers to be seated according to  

their boarding groups. This allows for a more organised  

boarding experience.

Visual Signages at Cluster Gates

Coloured signs with group numbers light up to alert  

passengers when it is time for their group to board.

67


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Customer engagement (continued)

Introducing WiFi Onboard  

Singapore Airlines Flights 

We recognise that our customers want 

to stay connected even when they are 

on board the aircraft. To enhance the 

customer experience, SIA provides 

complimentary WiFi for selected 

passengers on board certain aircraft 

types. Suites and First Class customers 

enjoy unlimited in-flight WiFi, while 

Business Class customers, PPS members 

and supplementary cardholders are 

entitled to 100MB of complimentary 

onboard WiFi. In-flight WiFi price 

plans have been streamlined, offering 

customers even more reasons to stay 

connected while they fly. We continue 

to monitor our customers’ needs and 

preferences to enhance their in-flight 

experience with us.

Introducing the Enhanced SingaporeAir Mobile App 

The enhanced SingaporeAir mobile app, which was launched in August 2019, was designed for faster performance and improved usability. The new features in the app offer customers a seamless and more personalised 

experience. Based on a ground-up rebuild and all-new underlying technical architecture, the enhanced mobile app delivers significantly enhanced booking and check-in flows for customers, improving transaction time by 

up to 60 per cent.

Enhancement of the KrisPay Mobile App 

KrisPay, the world’s first blockchain-based airline loyalty digital wallet, was launched 

in 2018 to bring SIA’s customers, assets and partners onto a common digital platform, 

enabling us to engage our customers beyond their flight journey. KrisFlyer members 

can convert their KrisFlyer miles into KrisPay miles using this app for everyday spend 

at our partner merchants. In FY2019/20, new privileges were added to the app, such 

as instant reward of KrisPay miles for spend at partner outlets, conversion of DBS 

rewards points to KrisFlyer miles and SIA Boarding Pass Privileges. More features 

such as in-app payment methods, partner rewards conversion and lifestyle features 

will be integrated into the app in the future.







Click here for more information on the SingaporeAir mobile app.

Capture and Discover

A search function that uses image 

recognition as well as speech and natural 

language processing matches the user’s 

intent to a Singapore Airlines destination, 

with destination content and fare deals.



Translation Assistant

A feature that uses real-time language 

translation by voice to help travellers 

communicate better when they are 

overseas.

Measure Your Baggage

A feature that helps travellers determine 

if the size of their bag is within cabin 

baggage limitations.

My Trips

A feature that provides real-time 

information such as boarding gate details, 

the destination’s weather and currency, 

as well as baggage belt information.



e-Library

Extended access to the e-Library 

magazine and newspaper content based 

on KrisFlyer membership tier and a 

new search function to allow for easier 

content browsing in the e-Library and 

KrisWorld catalogue.















Click here for more information on the KrisPay mobile app.

Singapore Airlines and SilkAir

68


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Customer engagement (continued)

Singapore Airlines and SilkAir

Scoot

Upgrading of Kris, Our Chatbot

Kris, our chatbot, answers commonly asked questions by our customers and is 

accessible on Facebook Messenger via our Facebook page and the Singapore Airlines 

website. Over the years, Kris was upgraded to provide customised responses through 

pre-built dialogues, which include checking of flight statuses, subscribing to flight 

alerts and checking of booking statuses. 

In FY2019/20, additional features were added to Kris to answer customer queries 

relating to delayed baggage status, KrisFlyer Spontaneous Escapes, as well as lounge 

eligibility and location. Moving forward, there are plans to increase the capabilities of 

Kris for greater coverage on the Singapore Airlines website.

Upgrading of M.A.R.V.I.E., Our Chatbot

Scoot’s M.A.R.V.I.E. (Most Awesome Resourceful Virtual Intern Ever) was introduced 

in 2018. It is the first chatbot by an airline in Asia that is able to support flight 

transactions, in addition to responding to customer queries. Apart from its ability 

to assist with customer queries relating to flights, flight bookings and payments, 

M.A.R.V.I.E. is able to resend flight itineraries and include add-ons to bookings. In 

FY2019/20, M.A.R.V.I.E. handled an average of 3,000 queries per week, with an 

average query resolution rate of 70 per cent.

Enhancing Scoot’s Mobile App

Enhancements to Scoot’s mobile app in FY2019/20 included functions to enable a more seamless flight booking experience. New 

payment methods such as Google Pay and Apple Pay were also made available on the mobile app. A Vietnamese version of the app 

was launched in July 2019.

Introducing Online and Mobile Check-in 

As of 31 March 2020, customers on Scoot flights departing from Bangkok (Suvarnabhumi Airport), Chiang Mai, Gold Coast, Hat 

Yai, Krabi, Perth, Phuket, and Sydney are able check in online for their flights from 72 hours to one hour before flight departure. 

Other destinations in which Scoot’s customers are able to check in online or via the mobile app include Berlin, Singapore, Seoul and 

all points in India. In FY2019/20, Scoot was the first airline in Singapore to introduce mobile check-in for WeChat bookings.

New Payment Methods  

and Removal of Payment 

Processing Fees 

In line with Scoot’s aim of making travel 

attainable and accessible for all, Scoot 

removed payment processing fees 

globally for all bookings made on Scoot’s 

direct channels from FY2019/20. In 

addition to existing payment methods 

in Vietnam, Scoot rolled out Google Pay, 

Apple Pay and Momo during the year in 

review. Scoot also offered a range of 16 

different payment methods across our 

network in FY2019/20.

Implementing More Self-service 

Options for Customers’ Convenience 

In FY2019/20, Scoot automated its 

refunds process by introducing a web-

based form. During the year in review, 

Scoot also introduced a feature for 

customers to track their delayed baggage 

on the Scoot website. These initiatives 

resulted in an estimated reduction of 18 

days in service time.

Improving Operational  

Processes and Customer Response 

Times Using Digital Tools 

In FY2019/20, Scoot integrated its 

customer case management system with 

their in-flight iPads to enable Scoot’s 

cabin crew to record customer feedback 

directly into the system via the iPad. 

Information captured within the system 

is sent to the customer service team 

for review and used to guide Scoot’s 

customer service response and recovery. 

As a result of this initiative, Scoot saw a 

30 per cent improvement in case handling 

time in FY2019/20.













69




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

AN AWARD-WINNING EXPERIENCE

Singapore Airlines is the world’s most awarded airline. These are some of the awards attained in FY2019/20:

APRIL 

Zaker (China) 3rd Premium Travel Awards

Top 10 Consumers Preferred Airlines of Year 

2018-2019

Business Traveller Middle East Award

Best Asian Airline Serving the Middle East  

(18th consecutive year)

Airline with the Best Premium Economy Class 

TripAdvisor Travellers’ Choice 2019 

Awards (the United States) 

Best Airline in the World (2nd year)

Best Major Airline – Asia

Best Airline – Asia

Best Economy – World

Best Economy – Asia

MAY 

Condé Nast Traveler China The Gold List

Best Airline

Randstad Award (Singapore)

Singapore Airlines awarded title of Singapore’s 

most attractive employer (4th time) 

Changi Airline Awards

Top 5 Airlines and Airline Groups by Passenger 

Carriage

Top 5 Airlines and Airline Groups by Cargo 

Carriage

Top 5 Airlines by Absolute Growth 

 

JUNE

Skytrax World Airline Awards 2019  

(the United Kingdom)

Best Airline in Asia

World’s Best Cabin Crew

World’s Best First Class

World’s Best First Class Seat

Best First Class Lounge in Asia

Best Business Class Seat in Asia

Best Premium Economy Class in Asia

Next Magazine (Hong Kong SAR, China)  

Top Service Awards

Top Airline

Hong Kong Economic Journal SME 

Partner Awards for Excellence 2019

Distinguished Airline

JULY

Handelszeitung (Switzerland)

Best Airline 2019

Travel + Leisure Magazine  

(the United States)

World’s Best International Airline  

(24th consecutive year)

Business Traveller (Germany) 

Best Airline for Business Travellers Worldwide  

(19th time)

SmartTravelAsia.Com  

(Hong Kong SAR, China) 

Favourite Airline Poll Results, 2019

Rank No. 1 in Top 25 Airlines (Worldwide)

SEPTEMBER 

Business Traveltip Magazine 

(Switzerland) Swiss Business Travel 

Award 2019 

Best Airline for Long-haul flights (5th time) 

Business Traveller (Asia Pacific) 2019 

Best Airline (28th consecutive year)

Best Asia-Pacific Airline

Best Airline First Class

Best Airline Premium Economy Class

Best Airline Economy Class

Best Frequent Flyer Programme 

APEX Award (the United States)

Five Star Global Airline 2020

OCTOBER

Danish Travel Awards (Denmark)

Best Intercontinental Airline

City Traveller Magazine (China)

The Best Airline in 2019 (3rd time)

Business Traveller (based in the  

United Kingdom) 2019 

Best Asian Airline 

Best Economy Class

Best Cabin Staff

Business Traveler USA 2019 

Best Overall Airline in the World (29th time)

Travel Inside Magazine (Switzerland)

Best Airline for Long-haul flights 

Travel Weekly Asia Readers’ Choice 

Awards (Singapore)

Best Airline (Asia Pacific) (3rd time)

Best Airline Service Excellence (5th time)

World Travel Awards 2019 (the United 

Kingdom)  

Asia’s Leading Airline 2019

Asia’s Leading Airline – First Class

Robb Report China 12th Annual “Best of 

the Best” Awards

Best Airline (8th consecutive year)

Condé Nast Traveler (the United States) 

2019 Readers’ Choice Awards 

Best Airline in the World (30 out of 32 years)

NOVEMBER

Prime Traveller Magazine (Russia) 

Prime Traveller Awards

Best Airline (2nd time)

Telegraph Travel Awards  

(the United Kingdom) 

(Daily Telegraph &amp; Sunday Telegraph 

Newspapers)

Best Long-haul Airline (6th time)  

Travel Magazine (Belgium)  

 

Best Carrier for Long-haul Airline 

Offline 

APEX 2020 Regional Passenger Choice 

Award (the United States) 

Five Star Global Official Airline (Best Seat 

Comfort and Best In-Flight Entertainment  

for the Eastern Asia Region)

SPRING (Japan)   

11th JCSI (Japanese Customer Satisfaction 

Index) 2019 survey

SIA ranked 1st in international airlines category 

(8th year)

Condé Nast Traveller (India)   

India Readers’ Travel Awards 2019 

Favourite Airline

Travel + Leisure (India) 

Best International Airline in the World

Business Traveller (China) 

Best Airline in the World (14th year)

Best Asian Airline serving China

Best Airline First Class

Best Airline Business Class

Airline Economics (Hong Kong)

Asia Pacific Airline of the Year

DECEMBER

Global Times Newspaper (China) 

SIA awarded as one of six most welcomed foreign 

airlines by Chinese Families

New Voyage Magazine (China) 

New Voyage Travel awards

Annual Innovation Experience Airline  

The BrandLaureate Awards (Malaysia)

Brand of the Year Award – Premium Airline

Indonesia Travel and Tourism Award 

2019/20 

Indonesia’s Leading International Airline

2019

70




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



JANUARY

Forbes Korea Best Brand Awards 2020 

Best International Airline (7th consecutive year)

Wanderlust Travel Award (the United 

Kingdom)

Top Worldwide Airline

Telegraph ‘Ultras’ Travel Awards 

(the United Kingdom)

Best Business Class

DesignAir (the United Kingdom)

Best Design Airline

Best Design Airline – Asia 

Fortune Magazine (the United States)

Top 50 World’s Most Admired Companies (Ranked 28)

Highest ranked non-United States company 

in the list

Hurun Report 2020 (China) 

“Best of the Best” ranking

Best International First &amp; Business Class Award 

(9th consecutive year) 

National Geographic Traveller (China)

One of the 10 “Golden Airlines of the Year 2019”

FEBRUARY

Business Traveller 2019 (Russia)

Best Business Class on Long-haul Flights

DestinAsian (Indonesia) Readers’ Choice 

Awards (15th time running)

Best Airline – Overall (15th consecutive year) 

Best Airline Premium Class 

Best Airline in Economy Class

Best In-flight Entertainment

Best Frequent Flyer Programme - KrisFlyer

Skyway Service Award (Russia)

Best Business Class International Flights

Best Duty Free on Board

Roy Morgan Research 2019 (Australia)

International Airline of the Year (6th time)

MARCH

TravelPlus 2019 (the United Kingdom)

Airline Amenity Bag Awards

Kids’ Kit – Children under 6

Sustainable Kit – Singapore Airlines 

Children’s Amenities

First Class Amenity Kit – Male

First Class Amenity Kit – Female

AN AWARD-WINNING EXPERIENCE (Continued)

2020

71


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

It is difficult to imagine a world without travel. Even as border controls are tightened 

globally, we continue to remain connected with our customers and keep them updated on 

how we can support their travel plans. We do our utmost to bring our customers home to 

reunite them with their loved ones.

Offering Greater Flexibility For Our Customers

• Singapore Airlines and SilkAir: Our Global Travel Waiver Policy 

enables customers to seek a full refund or collect flight plus bonus 

flight credits for future travel up to 31 December 2021. Customers 

who hold tickets issued before 15 March 2020, and travel before 31 

August 2020 are also fully protected by this policy.

• Scoot: Scoot’s Covid-19 Travel Waiver Policy enables customers 

to either seek a full refund or obtain a 120 per cent refund in Scoot 

vouchers, valid for 12 months.

Ensuring Singaporeans Return Home Safely

• Following a special arrangement with the Singapore authorities, Scoot 

mounted a flight to Wuhan to fly 92 Singaporeans back to Singapore 

in January 2020. A second Scoot flight was deployed to Wuhan in 

February 2020 to deliver humanitarian assistance from the Singapore 

Government, and to fly 174 Singaporeans and their family members 

back to Singapore. The flight also brought some Chinese nationals back 

to Wuhan. In April 2020, Scoot also mounted similar flights to Chennai 

in India and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.

• We supported the Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs’ (MFA) plans 

for a special arrangement to fly Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent 

Residents home from London between 19 March and 31 March 2020. 

As part of this arrangement, a dedicated team was put together to 

support this effort. Customers could register for seats that have been 

set aside to ensure that they could return home. Priority was given to 

students who were studying overseas and they were offered a special 

travel rate.

Enhancing Health and Safety Measures

• The well-being and safety of our customers and staff members remain 

our top priority. Since the beginning of the Covid-19 outbreak, 

we have enhanced our cleaning procedures and implemented 

precautionary measures to keep our customers and staff members 

safe. Details of measures implemented, including in-flight service 

adjustments, can be found here.

Communicating With Our Customers

• A cross-divisional team was established in March 2020 to look at the 

various communications required to support our customers across all 

touchpoints.

• A dedicated Covid-19 Information Centre was introduced in the 

Singapore Airlines website to assist our customers in understanding 

the various options available to them, as well as a list of Frequently 

Asked Questions (FAQs). The Covid-19 Assistance Request Form 

enables our customers to submit Covid-19-related enquiries such as 

flight credits and refund requests easily. Useful links are also available 

in the Covid-19 Information Centre, which provides information on 

flight schedules, travel advisories and more.

• Proactive updates on all Covid-19-related developments are shared  

on our social media platforms to keep travellers up-to-date on the 

latest information. Customers can subscribe to mobile app alerts or 

visit the News Alerts section in the Singapore Airlines website for 

updates on the Covid-19 situation. We also encourage all travellers 

to update their contact details via the Manage Booking section on our 

website, so that they  can obtain real-time updates on their personal 

travel plans.

Caring for Our Customers



Information is accurate as of 30 June 2020.

72


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Customer privacy

We recognise the importance of 

safeguarding the privacy of our customers’ 

personal data.

A report by the Data Protection Excellence (DPEX) Centre states that 

in 2019, the number of organisations breaching Singapore’s Personal 

Data Protection Act (PDPA) and the total amount of fines in Singapore 

reached a record high. The study also found that among the personal data 

breach cases in Singapore, 80 per cent of the data leaks were due to a 

breach of protection obligations, and not due to cyber security attacks. 

Recognising that these events will result in greater concerns on customer 

data privacy, SIA remains committed to upholding the highest standards 

in customer data protection while delivering the best-in-class service to 

our customers. 

Compliance to the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) of Singapore 

is important to SIA as it cultivates confidence among customers who 

entrust us with their personal data. Customer data such as personal 

particulars and travel history are treated as strictly confidential. 

Complaints, queries, withdrawal of consent, requests for access, 

corrections and updates in relation to personal data are handled 

according to established internal organisational processes. These 

processes were developed in consultation with our Legal department to 

ensure strict compliance with the PDPA. 

Any customer personal data that is collected or accessed when servicing 

customers’ reservation and ticketing matters are also handled according 

to the guidelines laid out by the General Data Protection Regulation 

(GDPR) and SIA’s Privacy Policy. Regular service audits are conducted 

to ensure that our customer service representatives comply with our 

customer data protection policies. 

To balance customer experience and customer data protection, our 

verification processes are regularly reviewed and enhanced based on 

customer feedback and complemented with consultations with the Legal 

department to ensure strict compliance with customer data protection 

regulations. 

In FY2019/20, SIA did not identify any substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer privacy.

418-1



substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches 

of customer privacy in 

FY2019/20

73


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Forging meaningful, stronger relationships with our stakeholders

From the investing community to our partners, aviation communities and those we serve

Where we weave Singapore’s social fabric with a global shared heritage

We sustain our connections with the world

Because we believe in flying the extra mile, with a higher purpose

74


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



SIA’s Ambition

total expenditure on supplier services

FY2019/20 in Numbers

S$10.3 bil

suppliers globally

&gt;12,500

103-1

103-2 

103-3

Key Engagement Activities

Developing strong relationships with our suppliers is essential for 

SIA’s continued success, as much of our impact on our society and 

the environment occurs through our supply chain. All of our suppliers 

play a crucial role in charting the aviation industry’s path towards 

socio-economic and environmental sustainability. We recognise the 

importance of sustainable procurement and actively collaborate 

with our suppliers to further our sustainable development efforts.

supplieRs

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures

• Procurement Policies and Processes

• Suppliers’ Code of Conduct

• Supplier Management Framework

Audits and Assessments

e-Procurement Portal

Meetings (Dialogues, Discussions, 

Project Milestone Meetings, 

Teleconferences, etc.)

Trade Fairs, Forums

Frequency

Engagement Mode

Regular

Ad hoc

Regular

Regular

We treat suppliers with respect,  emphasise fairness in 

our relationships and work together towards sustainable 

business practices.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Supporting the SDG



75


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20









































In-flight 

Catering

102-9 

Our supply chain

We adopt a risk-based approach to ensure that our supply chain is sustainable and resilient.

Our Key Suppliers

SIA has more than 12,500 suppliers worldwide. We strive to support the local communities in the destinations we operate in. Our supply chain can be broadly classified into six main categories:

Aircraft Fleet 

and Engines

Technology 

Systems

Ground 

Handling

Aviation 

Maintenance 

and Materials

Aviation 

Fuel

In FY2019/20, the total 

expenditure for suppliers’ 

services engaged by SIA was 

over S$10.3 billion, with most 

of this going towards aircraft 

fleet and engines, aviation 

fuel, aviation maintenance and 

materials, ground handling and 

in-flight catering. Our top 10 

suppliers, listed in alphabetical 

order, are as follows:

1.     Airbus

2.     Boeing Commercial Airplanes

3.     Changi Airport Group (Singapore)

4.     Chevron Singapore Pte Ltd

5.     ExxonMobil Petroleum &amp; Chemical BVBA

6.     Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC

7.     SATS Ltd

8.     Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd

9.     SIA Engineering Company Ltd

10.  Singapore Petroleum Company

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

76


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY

We secure a sustainable future by 

strengthening our supply chain.

Embedding Sustainability Within Our 

Procurement Process

We integrate environmental, social and governance considerations 

into our procurement process. We also manage supply chain risks 

and upkeep high sustainability performance standards through our 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct.

• Review of price and quality of products and services

• Review of suppliers’ background and track record 

Invitation to Request for Information, 

Proposal or Quotation

Bidding and Submission Process

2

1

3

Evaluation and Selection

Award of Contract

4

• Suppliers are required to comply with SIA’s Suppliers’ 

Code of Conduct, which forms part of the contract

308-1

414-1

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

77


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct 

Through the introduction of SIA’s Suppliers’ Code of Conduct (SCOC), we aim to mitigate any social, economic and environmental risks by setting minimum standards of behaviour for our suppliers. The SCOC was developed in accordance with our business values to 

promote sustainable development. It is also based on the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact. 

All suppliers are required to comply with the SCOC, which forms part of SIA’s contract with them. The SCOC is publicly available to all suppliers via our website. All contracts signed with suppliers include a clause referencing the SCOC. In the event a supplier 

is unable to include the SCOC in their contract, a review is carried out by the Sustainability Office and a waiver can only be approved by the Vice President Sustainability or his/her alternate. Through the introduction of the SCOC, SIA aims to have oversight of 

appointed suppliers’ conduct, and mitigate any potential impact they may have to the environment they operate in.

308-1

414-1

Suppliers’ business operations, as well as all products and services supplied to Singapore 

Airlines must fully comply with the laws and regulations of the countries where suppliers’ 

operations are based, as well as where goods and services are provided to SIA.

All financial and business records must be accurately maintained in accordance with 

applicable laws and regulations, as well as generally accepted accounting principles. 

Fair competition must be practised in accordance with local laws, and activity that 

restricts competition must be avoided. Commercial decisions, including prices, terms 

of sale, division of markets and allocation of customers, must be made independent of 

understandings or agreements with competitors.

Local environmental laws and practices such as those pertaining to waste disposal, air 

emissions and pollution must be complied with. Suppliers must endeavour to minimise 

the impact of their operations on the environment. 

Environmental management is a key parameter that Singapore Airlines looks at when 

selecting its suppliers.

Business dealings must be handled with integrity, transparency and honesty. No form of 

fraud, corruption, bribery, extortion or other behaviour involving improper benefits will be 

tolerated. Any situation that has actual, perceived or potential conflict of interest must be 

disclosed to Singapore Airlines. 

Any information used in the business relationship with Singapore Airlines that is non-public 

and proprietary must be protected against loss and infringement. Any form of disclosure or 

use other than for officially stated purposes must first be authorised by Singapore Airlines. 

Any form of relationship with a competitor, distributor, supplier, travel agency or any other 

entity with which Singapore Airlines has a business relationship must not interfere with 

the provision of products and services to Singapore Airlines and should demostrate high 

standards of ethical business behaviour.

Employees must not be subjected to discrimination based on race, national origin, ethnicity, 

religion, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, disability or any other reason. 

• All employees must meet the local legal minimum labour age

• Forced, coerced, bonded, indentured, involuntary prison labour or otherwise must not 

be used

• Employee working hours, including considerations for voluntary overtime work, and 

the granting of leave of any form, must be in accordance with applicable local and/or 

national laws

• Salaries must not be less than standards specified by local laws

Subcontractors and service providers 

must also adhere to the principles set out 

in this Code of Conduct. Subcontractors 

and service providers must be paid 

accurately and promptly. 

Employees must understand the 

requirements of this Code of Conduct, 

which must be made available in the local 

language where necessary.

Health and safety protection policies and management systems must be in place 

by suppliers to provide a secure working environment. They must be designed to 

promote the general health of employees and reduce work-related injury and illness. 

For example, protective equipment and tools must be provided and replaced or 

maintained regularly.

The safety of all products and services must be ensured through appropriate policies, 

implementation and monitoring. 

Policies and management systems must be developed to ensure that the quality of all 

products and services is as specified in the supply agreement.

• Accounting Practices

• Competition Compliance

• Compliance with Laws and Regulations

• Engagement in Environmental Management Processes

• Equal Opportunity

• Non-discrimination

• Working Hours

• Compliance with  

Code of Conduct

• On-time Payment

• Employees Awareness of 

Code of Conduct 

• Language Translation

• Minimum Age Child Labour/ 

Forced Labour

• Wage Standards

• Anti-corruption

• Financial Integrity

1

4

2

5

6

7

3

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Environment

Ethics and Conflict of Interest

Labour Standards

Subcontractors 

and Other Service 

Providers

Communication, 

Documentation and 

Inspection

Safety and Quality

• Intellectual Property

• Disclosure

PR-10

• Confidentiality

• Relationship of Business Partners with Company

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

PR-1

PR-2

PR-4

PR-3

PR-5

PR-6

• Health and Safety

• Quality of Products and Services

Managing Our Supply Chain Risks

78


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES





Promoting Best Practices with Our Suppliers

Managing Our Supply Chain Risks (CONTinued)

Sustainable business practice involves maintaining responsible supply chains that minimise the environmental and social impact, as 

well as risks in the communities they operate in. Recognising that quality, environmental, health and safety (QEHS) considerations 

are critical to the aviation industry, SIA seeks to engage suppliers who adopt and promote good sustainable business practices. 

SIA encourages and welcomes suppliers to submit environmentally-friendly proposals. Such proposals are favourably considered 

during the product assessment and selection stage.

As part of our review of our sustainable procurement strategy, we established that all our printed items and paper products must 

be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified28. This is to ensure that the raw materials are responsibly sourced and are not from 

errant suppliers. 

During the year in review, SIA and our supplier, Buzz Products, were awarded the 2019 TravelPlus Airline Amenity Awards 

(Sustainable Amenity Kits) for our Kids’ Kit which uses FSC-certified paper and eco-friendly soy-based ink. From May 2019,  

we also replaced plastic polybags from our Kids’ Kit packaging with recyclable paper packaging.

28 The Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified is an international non-profit, multi-stakeholder organisation established in 1993 to promote responsible management of the world’s forests. FSC uses the power of the marketplace to protect forests for future generations. Its main tools for achieving this are standards-setting, independent certification and labelling of forest products.

SIA’s in-flight initiative to replace plastic polybags from our children’s toys with recyclable paper packaging.

79


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



With the farm located less than 

eight kilometres from Newark 

Liberty International Airport, the 

produce used for our in-flight 

meals on our non-stop flights 

from New York to Singapore no 

longer needs to be transported 

over a long distance. This not only 

allows us to reduce our indirect 

greenhouse gas emissions but 

also enables our customers 

to enjoy fresher, high quality 

ingredients. 

Back home, we work with our 

in-flight catering partner, SATS 

Ltd, to include more sustainable, 

locally sourced ingredients in 

our dining offerings for flights 

departing Singapore. For 

instance, we source for fish from 

a local farm that employs best 

practices in aquaculture and 

animal husbandry across its value 

chain, and has been awarded the 

highest accreditation by Best 

Aquaculture Practices (BAP).

Singapore Airlines collaborates with our suppliers to integrate sustainability into our business.

Partnerships with Our Suppliers

The start of a sustainable future for aviation begins with organisations that are willing to take the first step to explore and collaborate on new sustainable offerings. SIA strives to support such advancements 

by supporting and sourcing from suppliers with strong sustainable value propositions. In FY2019/20, we intensified our efforts by collaborating with some of our suppliers on initiatives to provide socially and 

environmentally-friendly offerings.

Introduced in 2017, our ‘From Farm to Plane’ concept seeks to promote environmental 

sustainability while supporting local farming communities.

In FY2019/20, we made significant strides in our collaboration with AeroFarms, the world’s 

largest indoor vertical farm of its kind based in the United States. A customised blend of fresh 

produce is grown indoors using a proprietary aeroponic technology for SIA’s non-stop flights 

from New York (Newark Liberty International Airport) to Singapore from September 2019.

WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

 

Grown indoors, without sunlight, 

soil or pesticides

less water is used compared  

to field farming and  

40% less than hydroponics

95%

times more productivity  

per square foot29 

390

29 Greater productivity per square foot is measured against traditional field farming.

12-16

CASE STUDY 

PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE FOOD SOURCING 

FOR SIA’S IN-FLIGHT DINING OFFERINGS

days short crop cycle

80


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON  

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

Our KrisShop Cares concept store is a platform which aims to give back to the 

community and support those in need. It does so by featuring curated products and 

artworks from partner communities. The net proceeds from KrisShop Cares go to the 

respective partners to continue supporting their cause and artists. 

In FY2019/20, the KrisShop Cares initiative was expanded through a collaboration 

with SIA’s Procurement department. Unused batik trimmings from our cabin crews’ 

uniforms were consolidated and used to manufacture new products, which were 

sold on the KrisShop Cares concept store. This collaboration aims to give back to the 

community by engaging local social enterprises to manufacture products and reduce 

waste at the same time, by giving unused batik fabric trimmings a second life.

In October 2019, KrisShop collaborated with SPD, a Singapore-based social 

enterprise that specialises in making handbound notebooks using cloth and leather 

materials. The partnership saw 207 batik notebooks produced using recycled batik 

trimmings from SIA’s signature batik print and sold on the KrisShop Cares concept 

store from March 2020. 

Moving forward, KrisShop seeks to continue its collaboration with SPD, and explore 

collaboration opportunities with more social enterprises and local vendors.

CASE STUDY 

ENCOURAGING A CULTURE OF 

RECYCLING BY GIVING SECOND LIFE  

TO UNUSED BATIK TRIMMINGS

batik notebooks 

produced using recycled 

batik trimmings

81


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



SIA partnered with Singapore-based wellness brand COMO Shambhala in 2019 with a keen 

focus on enhancing the concept of wellness on board. 

In September 2019, SIA and COMO Shambhala unveiled a new health-focused in-flight 

menu, which takes into consideration seasonal and sustainable ingredients, as well as 

practical challenges such as food freshness and nutritional needs in the air. 

This menu was made available for First Class and Business Class customers on selected 

flights departing Singapore to Frankfurt, Hong Kong, London, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. 

The dishes were also made available for pre-ordering through the Airline’s ‘Book the Cook’ 

service, which allows First Class, Business Class and Premium Economy Class customers to 

pre-order their main course before they board their flight.

This has been a fascinating project for us and we 

have carefully curated a menu that reflects our 

COMO Shambhala brand ethos and approach 

to food — to inspire the palate with memorable 

flavours. We are certain that Singapore Airlines’ 

valued customers will enjoy this gastronomical 

well−being in the air.”

DANIEL MORAN,  

VICE PRESIDENT CULINARY  

OF THE COMO GROUP

CASE STUDY 

ENHANCING OUR CUSTOMERS’  

WELL-BEING BY INTRODUCING 

WHOLESOME AND NUTRITIOUS  

IN-FLIGHT MEALS

WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON  

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

82




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

According to IATA, the airline industry generated around 6.7 million tonnes of cabin waste in 2018 and between 20 

per cent to 30 per cent of the total waste was untouched food and beverage30. 

As part of our sustainability journey in 2019, SIA embarked on an initiative with Lumitics, a Singapore-based food 

waste technology startup, to reduce catering waste from our flight operations. Their flagship product is Insight, a 

smart food waste tracker that leverages sensors and their proprietary image recognition technology to weigh and 

identify food waste. Insight provides kitchens and restaurants with essential data that enables businesses to reduce 

their food waste, cost and environmental footprint. 

Our ongoing collaboration with Lumitics aims to automate data collection and leverage Artificial Intelligence and 

Machine Learning to better understand consumers’ consumption patterns so as to reduce catering waste. Through 

an improved monitoring system of customers’ consumption patterns and data analytics, SIA aims to better adjust the 

quantities of food items to minimise wastage without compromising on the customer experience.

RAYNER LOI,  

FOUNDER OF LUMITICS

CASE STUDY 

REDUCING IN-FLIGHT FOOD AND BEVERAGE WASTE 

THROUGH THE ADOPTION OF DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES

Over the past two years of working with the F&amp;B and hospitality sector, we have 

helped businesses reduce 30 per cent to 40 per cent of their food waste, which 

comes to about three per cent to eight per cent savings in food cost. The airline 

sector will also have the advantage of weight reduction, leading to additional 

savings in fuel costs. 

This collaboration with SIA required Lumitics to tweak our original product — 

the Insight smart dustbin — into a new solution for the airline sector. Called 

Insight Lite, it tracks the number and type of unconsumed meals using image 

recognition technology. This data will allow SIA to better understand their 

customers’ food consumption patterns and improve meal planning, while 

simultaneously reducing food wastage and helping SIA to meet its sustainable 

development goals.

WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON  

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

30 IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”

83


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Copenhagen station launched SIA’s first ever station-led sustainability-themed event on 5 November 

2019, as they welcomed the Airbus A350 on the Cophenhagen-Singapore (CPH-SIN) route. As part of 

the event, sustainably-manufactured gifts were presented to customers on board the inaugural A350 

flight.  These include reusable tote bags and leather key chains that were repurposed from old leather 

seat covers from First Class and Business Class seats.

SIA also collaborated with three Danish gourmet companies to serve sustainable, top-quality desserts 

for customers travelling on the route.

• Award-winning “Vendsyssel” cheese

Located in North Jutland, Sønderhaven is Denmark’s only dairy company that exclusively sources

milk from its own cows for the production of cheese. By doing so,  Sønderhaven is able to ensure the

quality of the cheese produced while reducing emissions from the transportation of milk.

• Award-winning Friis-Holm chocolates

Friis-Holm is a Danish bean-to-bar chocolate manufacturer founded by Mikkel Friis-Holm Ottosen

in 2007. In his business values, Mikkel seeks to uphold quality and ethics as part of the company’s

business operations. To cultivate a  healthier and more sustainable cocoa supply chain, Friis-Holm

strives to source for cocoa beans in a responsible manner either by purchasing cocoa beans directly

from growers or paying above market price or through Fairtrade buyers.

• Skarø

Skarø is a Danish ice-cream company that strives to produce ice-cream that is not only unique in

taste but also superior in its nutritional qualities. As part of the company’s sustainable business

practices, Skarø sources local ingredients such as milk, berries and other fruit to support local

communities and reduce emissions from transportation. To further reduce the company’s emissions,

Skarø purchases electricity from renewable sources such as wind or solar power for its day-to-day

business.

CASE STUDY

COLLABORATION WITH DANISH COMPANIES 

IN COPENHAGEN TO REINFORCE SIA’S 

SUSTAINABILITY MESSAGE 

WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON  

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

84


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



Information is accurate as of 30 June 2020.

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

Resilience of Our Supply Chain

Covid-19 has had an unprecedented impact on the global supply chain and presents the greatest challenge in aviation history. We strive to maintain strong 

relationships with our suppliers and business partners to respond swiftly to our shared challenges. As disruptions continue, we recognise the role we must 

play to enable the continuous flow of essential goods around the world. We endeavour to maximise the use of our freighter fleet and schedule cargo-only 

passenger flights and ad hoc charter flights where opportunities arise.

Cargo-only Passenger Flights

• As the Covid-19 outbreak developed, SIA worked to maintain an effective airfreight network despite the substantial reduction 

in passenger flights. In addition to maximising the usage of its freighter fleet, it also operated cargo charter flights with SIA and 

Scoot passenger aircraft. SIA also introduced a scheduled cargo-only passenger flight network to alleviate the cargo capacity 

constraints.

• Through close cooperation with other business units, regulatory approval was obtained for the carriage of cargo in the 

passenger cabin of some aircraft. Coupled with SIA’s staff and its ground handling partners’ emphasis on operational reliability 

and quality, these efforts helped to ensure the timely delivery of urgent shipments of medical relief supplies and personal 

protective equipment.

• Among them were two Singapore-donated consignments, which were delivered to Beijing and Wuhan in Mainland China, 

in February 2020. SIA has also been transporting fresh food by air to Singapore and other parts of the world during 

the Covid-19 outbreak, playing its part in keeping airfreight supply lines for essential goods open during this critical time.

Working with Our Aircraft Manufacturers

• SIA engaged the aircraft manufacturers early in the Covid-19 outbreak to discuss adjustments to our delivery stream 

of existing aircraft orders. This will help to moderate capacity growth in the near term, while we remain committed to our 

longer-term fleet renewal programme.

Anticipating Potential Supply Chain Disruptions

• As countries around the world imposed mandatory lockdowns, SIA collaborated with our suppliers and partners to monitor 

the evolving situation and put in place measures to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions. For instance, we explored 

sourcing from alternative suppliers and increased stock holdings of goods to meet our operational needs. We also monitored 

inventory levels closely and planned our resource requirements ahead of time.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

85


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



We strive to generate and distribute sustainable 

economic value to our shareholders and stakeholders, 

while ensuring long-term value creation.

shareholders

SIA’s Ambition

Supporting the SDGs

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Key Engagement Activities

Analyst and Media Briefings

Annual General Meeting

Annual Report, Sustainability Report

Financial Results

Investor Relations Channels

Meetings (Post-results Briefings, Conferences, Roadshows, etc.)

Press Releases (Website, SGXnet, etc.)

Frequency

Engagement Mode

Half-yearly

Yearly

Yearly

Quarterly

Ad hoc

Regular

Ad hoc

We seek to maximise returns for long-term 

profitability, with the aim of creating sustainable 

shareholder value.





Group revenue

FY2019/20 in Numbers31

S$15,976 mil

total issued shares (excluding 

treasury shares) as at 31 March 2020

1,185,128,325

Group operating profit

S$59 mil

total value added for distribution

S$4,775 mil

103-1

103-2 

103-3

31 For more information, please refer to the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

86


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Singapore Airlines strives to maximise 

returns for long-term profitability, 

with the aim of creating sustainable 

shareholder value.

At SIA, we value dialogue with 

our shareholders and strive to 

strengthen our relationship with 

the investing community. Our 

investors acknowledge that while 

traditional financial information 

is quick to recognise short-term 

changes in profitability, it does 

not account for the investments 

that were made to innovate 

and implement our long-term 

strategies. Providing holistic and 

robust non-financial information 

bridges this disconnect and brings 

clarity to our investors on how SIA 

creates long-term value for them 

and our stakeholders.

Information on Shareholdings (as at 9 June 2020)

2,977,543,505

2,962,820,811

14,722,694 (0.49%)

0 (0%)

Class of Shares 

Ordinary shares 

One special share held by 

the Minister for Finance

Range of 

Shareholdings

1-99

100-1,000

1,001 - 10,000

10,001 - 1,000,000

1,000,001 and above

Number of 

Shareholders

%

Number of 

Shares

%

297

17,988

41,883

9,143

26

0.43

25.94

60.40

13.19

0.04

9,749 

12,853,070 

175,035,174 

267,707,411 

2,507,215,407

0.00

0.43

5.91

9.04

84.62

Total

69,337

100.00

2,962,820,811

100.00

Number of Issued Shares

Number of Issued Shares (excluding Treasury Shares)

Number/Percentage of Treasury Shares

Number/Percentage of Subsidiary Holdings*

102-5 

* ‘Subsidiary holdings’ is defined in the Listing Manual to mean shares referred to in Sections 21(4), 21(4B), 21(6A) and 21(6C) of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.

Voting Rights (excluding Treasury Shares)

1 vote for 1 share

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

87


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Napier Investments Pte. Ltd.

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited

DBS Nominees Pte Ltd

Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

DBSN Services Pte. Ltd.

Raffles Nominees (Pte) Limited

HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd

United Overseas Bank Nominees Private Limited

Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd

BPSS Nominees Singapore (Pte.) Ltd.

BNP Paribas Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

Phillip Securities Pte Ltd

OCBC Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

OCBC Securities Private Limited

UOB Kay Hian Private Limited

DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd

DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd

IFAST Financial Pte Ltd

Societe Generale Singapore Branch

Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte. Ltd.

OUR SHAREHOLDERS (continued)

Twenty Largest Shareholders (as at 9 June 2020)

985,959,900

657,306,600

276,634,932

246,814,085

79,460,058

56,871,339

54,451,675

31,663,119

17,947,022

15,082,661

12,600,834

12,354,681

10,346,262

9,511,308

9,320,342

5,092,506

4,289,070

4,020,862

3,395,379

3,009,956

33.27

22.18

9.34

8.33

2.68

1.92

1.84

1.07

0.61

0.51

0.43

0.42

0.35

0.32

0.31

0.17

0.15

0.14

0.11

0.10

Twenty Largest Shareholders 

Number of Shares

%^

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

Total

2,496,132,591

84.25

Substantial Shareholders (as shown in the Register of Substantial Shareholders) 

Substantial Shareholder

Direct Interest 

Number of Shares

%^

%^

Deemed Interest 

Number of Shares

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited

Tembusu Capital Pte. Ltd.

Napier Investments Pte. Ltd.

657,306,600

-

985,959,900

22.18

-

33.27

1,651,985,697

986,754,900

985,959,900

%^

Total Interest 

Number of Shares

994,679,09732

986,754,90033

-

33.57

33.30

-

55.75

33.30

33.27

Shareholdings Held By the Public

Based on the information available to the Company as at 9 June 2020, 44.14 per cent of the issued ordinary shares of the Company are held by 

the public. Therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual issued by SGX-ST is complied with.



^ Based on 2,962,820,810 ordinary shares issued as at 9 June 2020 (this is based on 2,977,543,504 shares issued as at 9 June 2020, excluding 14,722,694 Shares held in treasury as at 9 June 2020).  

   Figures are rounded down to the nearest 0.01 per cent, and any discrepancies in aggregated figures are due to rounding. 

32 Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited is deemed to be interested in 994,679,097 shares in which its subsidiaries and associated companies have direct or deemed interests. 

33 Tembusu Capital Pte. Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 986,754,900 shares in which its subsidiaries have direct or deemed interests.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

88


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



OUR TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY

We leave no stone unturned 

in identifying opportunities to 

strengthen the SIA Group with 

our Transformation Programme.

In 2017, SIA embarked on a three-year Transformation 

Programme34 to increase our competitiveness and 

ensure that we are well-positioned to tackle the 

increasingly challenging operating environment. The 

programme covered new revenue-generation initiatives, 

operational enhancements and organisational structure, 

reviewing opportunities to improve our processes to 

make us more effective and efficient. We also looked at 

rebasing our cost structure so that we can be a lot more 

competitive moving forward.

SIA had an unbroken operating track record and 

historical financial position through past cyclical and 

unexpected downturns, prior to the Covid-19 outbreak. 

Our Transformation Programme successfully mobilised 

us to drive tangible results in terms of financial and 

operational resilience. In the third quarter of FY2019/20, 

we achieved five record-highs for available seat-km, 

revenue passenger-km, passenger load factor, passenger 

uplift, and total revenue.

Record-high Financial35 and Operating Results in 3Q FY2019/20, Pre-Covid-19 Outbreak

Operational Excellence Statistics in FY2019/20 (three-year)

There has been an unprecedented collapse in the demand 

for air travel globally due to the Covid-19 outbreak. This 

especially affects airlines such as SIA, which are dependent 

on international air travel and open borders.

In the near term, the Covid-19 outbreak is expected to 

continue weighing upon the global aviation industry. 

We expect air travel restrictions to be gradually relaxed, 

but in a managed way, as countries continue to manage 

the risk of imported Covid-19 cases. The effectiveness 

of collective efforts by governments around the world 

to flatten the curve of the virus spread will also shape 

timings for the opening of borders.

To address the current challenges faced by the 

aviation industry, SIA has cut its scheduled capacity 

by approximately 94 per cent that had been originally 

scheduled for up to end-July. Today, SIA operates only a 

small number of its passenger aircraft to serve a limited 

network. SIA expects to operate a significantly reduced 

capacity for the foreseeable future until global travel 

restrictions and border controls are progressively lifted, 

and the demand for air travel begins to pick up once 

again. However, it is not clear when this will happen.

It is also not clear how the airline industry will recover, 

and which segments or markets will first see growth. The 

SIA Group’s portfolio strategy, which maintains presence 

in both full-service premium and low-fare segments, allows 

us the flexibility to match the right products to demand as 

it returns. Our extensive global network will also help 

us to flexibly deploy capacity to meet the demand from 

different markets as air travel returns.

45,506 mil

record quarterly available 

seat-kilometres (ASK)

38,972 mil

record quarterly revenue 

passenger-kilometres (RPK)

85.6%

record passenger load 

factor for any third quarter

10.1 mil passengers

record quarterly 

passenger uplift

S$4,470.6 mil

record quarterly 

total revenue

Net Promoter Score

trending upwards

270 awards

won to date

Arrival On-time 

Performance

trending upwards

18%

reduction in 

engineering-related delays

8.9%

productivity improvement 

in crew resource planning

&gt;900,000

of customer cases reduced 

through proactive service

&gt;12 mil hours

of customer effort saved 

with revamped processes

&gt;800,000 hours

saved from process 

simplification

1,000 ideas

generated internally 

from KrisLab

41% faster

delivery to market due to the 

use of Agile Methodology

34 For more information on our Transformation Programme, please refer to pages 

12 to 13 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report. 

35 The SIA Group’s unaudited financial results for the third quarter and nine 

months ended 31 December 2019 were announced on 14 February 2020. For 

more information on the full-year financial results, please refer to pages 46 to 

61 of the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

89


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

Apart from actively 

taking steps to build 

up our liquidity, reduce 

capital expenditure 

and operating costs, 

we have also set up an 

internal task force to 

look into all aspects of 

the airline’s operations 

during this time, and 

to ensure that we are 

ready to ramp up our 

services when air travel 

eventually begins to 

recover. The way we 

respond to challenges 

posed by the Covid-19 

outbreak will shape our 

long-term sustainability 

and boost our capability 

for sustainable value 

creation.

Managing Liquidity and Cash Requirements

• Decisive capacity cuts across the network in response to a 

collapse in global air travel demand

• Deferred non-essential expenditure and imposed tighter 

controls on discretionary expenditure

• Cuts in Management salaries and Director fees, voluntary 

and compulsory no-pay leave schemes, as well as a hiring 

freeze

• Engagement with aircraft manufacturers to negotiate 

adjustments to delivery schedules for existing aircraft orders

• Tapped on lines of credit maintained for contingency 

situations

• Continued to explore other sources of funding, including 

secured financing and sale and leaseback transactions

Raising Capital Through the Issuance of Rights Shares and Rights Mandatory 

Convertible Bonds

Building Liquidity and Strengthening Balance Sheet

• The Rights Issue will bolster equity in SIA’s balance sheet. An additional S$6.2 billion through 

additional Mandatory Convertible Bonds (MCBs) will provide the Group with additional 

liquidity if the crisis prolongs, and to be tapped on only if required

Ensuring Financial Flexibility to Capture Future Growth Opportunities 

• This will address our near-term operational and cashflow requirements, while providing for 

committed capital expenditure. As our strategic priorities continue to be in focus, this will 

position us for a quick response to ramp up once the crisis is over

Overcoming the Current Challenges



Getting Ready For Recovery

Establishing an Internal Task Force

• We have set up an internal task force to look into all aspects 

of the airline’s operations to ensure that we are ready to 

ramp up our services when air travel eventually begins to 

recover. We will continue to work closely with governments, 

aviation authorities and industry partners in a coordinated 

manner to plan our recovery response and to ensure 

resilience in our value chain

A New Transformation Chapter, Post-Covid-19

• The aviation industry will continue to be impacted by 

changing trends and evolving customer expectations.  

As new global norms are shaped during the recovery process, 

we strive to adapt, build resilience and leverage opportunities 

to strengthen our position as a global aviation leader

• Short-term

◊	 Ramp up efforts to increase productivity and 

effectiveness

◊	 Upskill our employees to enhance human capital

• Medium- to long-term

◊	 Review of customer value drivers, zero-based review of 

product definition, service delivery and work processes 

to achieve leadership in product and service delivery

◊	 Explore new revenue and business opportunities while 

leveraging our core strengths to ensure that SIA is 

prepared to be first off the blocks when the recovery 

eventually comes

Information accurate as of 30 June 2020.

90


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

A future economy is one that 

inspires inclusive growth for 

everyone. 

SIA recognises the role we play in furthering 

sustainable development locally and globally. 

This starts with a shift towards inclusive wealth 

for all stakeholders, an aggregate value of our 

six capitals – financial, human, intellectual, 

manufactured, natural, as well as social and 

relationship capitals. The aviation sector is a key 

pillar of Singapore’s economy, supporting more 

than 12 per cent of the country’s gross domestic 

product (GDP) and over 375,000 jobs. We are 

at the heart of the aviation ecosystem, with 

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot accounting 

for more than half of all passenger transits and 

cargo movements at Singapore Changi Airport.

INCLUSIVE WEALTH FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS

• Financial Capital

• Human Capital

• Social and Relationship Capital

• Intellectual Capital

• Natural Capital

• Manufactured Capital

Financials

SIA Group’s Return on Shareholders’ Funds,  SIA Company’s 

Operating Profit Margin, Company’s Passenger Load Factor, 

Staff Productivity, Group and Company EBITDAR Margin

Non-financials 

*Brand Strength, Market Share, Aircraft  Utilisation, 

*Workplace Safety, *Employee Engagement, *Succession 

Planning, *Weak Audit Findings, Air Safety

Achieving Economic Value Added 

(EVA) by generating operating 

profit which meets the Cost of 

Invested Capital over the long-term 

and successful transformation

Sustainable value creation for other stakeholders (employees, 

customers, suppliers, communities)

Shareholders’ wealth 

creation (based on 

absolute and relative 

Total Shareholder 

Return+ (TSR))

For Shareholders

For Other Stakeholders

Value Creation at SIA

* Sustainability-based Value Drivers. 

+ Includes share price change and dividend yields.

Capital Inputs

Value Drivers

Value Creation for Stakeholders

Using all forms of 

capital in the company 

to produce value

Identifying key value 

drivers, performance 

measures and targets

Defining value creation 

 outcomes, performance 

measures and targets

1

2

3

Inputs

Key Value Drivers (KPIs)

Value Creation (Outcomes)

91


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Value added is a measure of wealth created for our stakeholders. The statement below shows the Group’s value added and its distribution by way of payments to employees, the government, and to those who have provided capital. It also indicates the portion 

retained in the business for future capital requirements.

INCLUSIVE WEALTH FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS (continued)

S$4,775.3 mil

total value added for distribution  

in FY2019/20

S$2,563.6 mil

value added for distribution to 

employees in FY2019/20

S$55.9 mil

value added for distribution to 

the government in FY2019/20

S$358.3 mil

value added for distribution  

to suppliers of capital in 

FY2019/20

S$1,797.5 mil

value retained for future  

capital requirements

S$0.30

value added per dollar  

revenue in FY2019/20



 

 

FY2018/19 

FY2019/20

Total Revenue 

 

16,323.2 

15,975.9

Less: Purchase of Goods and Services 

 

(11,049.4) 

(11,147.3) 

Add: 

Interest Income 

 

41.9 

42.1

 

 

5,273.8 

4,828.6

Surplus/(Loss) on Disposal of Aircraft, Spares and Spare Engines 

 

(5.8) 

6.9 

Dividends from Long-term Investments 

 

3.1 

3.2 

Other Non-operating Items 

 

(47.4) 

(31.9) 

Share of Profits of Joint Venture Companies 

 

26.5 

49.3 

Share of (Losses)/Profits of Associated Companies 

 

22.2 

(122.9) 

Total Value Added for Distribution 

 

5,314.3 

4,775.3 

Total Value Added 

 

5,314.3 

4,775.3 

Value Added Per Dollar Revenue ($) 

 

0.33 

0.30 

Value Added Per Dollar Employment Cost ($) 

 

1.89 

1.86 

Value Added Per Dollar Investment in Property, Plant and Equipment ($) 

 

0.20 

0.15  

Applied as Follows:

- Salaries and other Staff Cost 

 

2,816.9 

2,563.6 

 

To Employees: 

- Corporation Taxes 

 

269.9 

55.9 

To Government: 

- Interim and Proposed Dividends 

 

355.1 

94.8 

- Finance Charges 

 

116.1 

220.9 

 

- Non-controlling Interests 

 

 38.9 

42.6 

To Suppliers of Capital:

- Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment 

 

1,389.8 

2,205.9 

 

- Retained (loss)/profit 

 

327.6 

(408.4) 

Retained for Future Capital Requirements:

Statements of Value Added  

and Its Distribution ($ million)

102-7

202-1

92


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



SIA’s Ambition

Supporting the SDGs

Singapore Airlines aspires to be a purpose-led 

organisation that uses our business as a force 

for good. We believe in giving back to society 

and strengthening our relationships with the 

communities we serve in Singapore and around 

the world. We seek to touch the lives of people 

and contribute solutions to pressing global 

challenges through a range of programmes 

that include the promotion of education, 

sports and the arts, as well as environmental 

conservation.

SOciety

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Key Engagement Activities

Annual Report, Sustainability Report

Community Support Programmes (Corporate Donations, Ticket 

Sponsorships, Volunteerism, etc.)

Press Releases

Frequency

Engagement Mode

Yearly

Regular

Ad hoc

We practise good corporate citizenship, contributing to 

and investing in the communities where we operate in.



INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES









93


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

           Community

KrisFlyer and Make-A-Wish Singapore

KrisFlyer, the SIA Group’s frequent flyer programme, partners Make-A-Wish Singapore 

to fulfil the wishes of children with life-threatening illnesses. KrisFlyer miles donated 

by members go toward supporting flights on SIA and SilkAir for beneficiaries.

Since the partnership began in 2017, KrisFlyer members donated generously to the 

programme, and over 30 million miles have been redeemed to fulfil the travel wishes 

of the beneficiaries and their families. In FY2019/20, as part of the Make-A-Wish 

Singapore Christmas celebrations, SIA prepared gifts such as LEGO® sets and travel 

bags, to share the festive joy with beneficiaries.

MINDS Partnership

Since 1992, SIA has been providing employment opportunities for the beneficiaries 

of the Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (MINDS) by engaging 

them to pack and service our Economy Class earphones and headphones. Our partnership 

impacts the lives of more than 340 trainees at MINDS, keeping them socially active and agile.

Willing Hearts

In FY2019/20, Scoot employees volunteered at Willing Hearts, a charity in Singapore 

that operates a soup kitchen for beneficiaries. Over 5,000 meals were prepared with 

the help of 21 Scoot volunteers.

Community Chest Fú Dài Event

Since 2015, SIA has been actively participating in the Community Chest Fú Dài event, 

helping to pack and share bags of food and household items with the less fortunate. 

Community projects in Singapore

SIA believes in fostering strong relationships not only with our customers and business partners, but also with the many communities we serve. Support is 

extended to community groups through corporate donations, ticket sponsorships and staff volunteerism, among others. We actively support initiatives 

which promote education and sports excellence, the arts, as well as environmental conservation.





           Arts

Growing Singapore’s Arts Scene

We believe that creative pursuits are the 

key to building a better world. With our 

longstanding commitment to help grow 

Singapore’s arts scene, SIA continued 

to sponsor the following organisations 

in FY2019/20:

• National Arts Council (since 1994)

• Singapore Chinese Orchestra  

(since 2002)

• Singapore Dance Theatre 

(since 1988)

• Singapore Lyric Opera (since 1991)

• Singapore Symphony Orchestra 

(since 1979)

Our ticket sponsorships enable these 

organisations to send our local talents 

overseas to perform and widen their 

horizons and invite international artistes 

to perform in Singapore.



           Sports

Recognising Sporting Excellence in 

Singapore

We recognise the value of a strong sports 

ecosystem in Singapore to forge bonds 

within our community, build team spirit 

and foster a greater sense of belonging.

We continued to sponsor the following 

organisations in FY2019/20:

• Singapore National Olympic Council 

(since 1999): Ticket sponsorship for the 

Singapore Sports Awards (Sportsman, 

Sportswoman, Sportsboy and Sportsgirl 

of the Year)

• Singapore Sports School (since 

2002): Ticket sponsorship for student 

athletes representing Singapore for 

competitions

           Education

Equipping Singapore’s Workforce with Future-ready Skills

Education is a powerful tool for sustainable development. We believe in investing in 

our society’s future and nurturing the minds of tomorrow’s leaders. Together with 

SIAEC, we committed a cash contribution of S$1 million to the NTUC Education and 

Training Fund (NETF). The NETF was set up in 1998 to help upgrade and reskill eligible 

workers.

Scoot’s Learning Journey

In FY2019/20, eight Scoot employee volunteers organised an experiential learning 

journey for students in collaboration with Glyph Asia, a social enterprise for children 

and youths from lower income households or challenging family environments. 

Twenty-five students attended the event, which aimed to raise awareness about the 

airline industry through talks by a Scoot pilot, cabin crew and ground staff.

Sharity Day 2019

Sharity Day 2019, an annual initiative by the Community Chest, seeks to foster 

interaction among youths of different abilities. In FY2019/20, 19 Scoot employees 

volunteered as guides for over 100 students from mainstream and special needs 

schools, guiding them along the event activities.



413-1 

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

94


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Community projects around the world

Beyond Singapore, our overseas stations are equally passionate and committed in reaching out to their communities. As a global airline, we work with charities 

in support of various initiatives and causes.

Since 2012, SIA has been 

supporting The Smith Family, 

a national independent 

children’s charity helping 

disadvantaged Australians. 

We believe in providing 

disadvantaged children and 

youths with the right support 

and resources to achieve their 

full potential. As a national 

sponsor of The Smith Family’s 

‘Learning for Life’ educational 

assistance programme, we 

provided financial support for 

12 disadvantaged students 

across Australia in 2019. 

Support is also provided in 

the form of air tickets to 

destinations that SIA serves 

for their fundraising efforts. 

Throughout the year, SIA staff 

volunteered for programmes 

such as the Christmas Toy 

and Book Appeal and online 

student mentoring programme, 

iTrack.

AUSTRALIA

The Smith 

Family

raised since 2012

S$192,000



To support the fight against 

the Covid-19 virus in Mainland 

China in early 2020, SIA 

donated over 16,500 personal 

protective equipment (PPE), 

3,500 hand sanitisers and 

80,000 wet wipes to charities 

and airport partners in 

Mainland China. SIA also 

provided complimentary 

freightage for the transport 

of the medical supplies on our 

flights.

MAINLAND CHINA 

Supporting 

Mainland  

China During 

the Covid-19 

Outbreak



PPE donated

&gt;16,500

In October 2019, SIA hosted a children’s social studies event for 30 local elementary school 

students to embrace new experiences with a global mindset. They were given an exclusive tour of 

our Boeing 787-10 aircraft and had fun role-playing with our cabin crew. From making in-flight 

announcements to learning about international dining etiquette, the students had a fulfilling day 

of learning.

In November 2019, a teachers’ forum was conducted to bring together the teaching fraternities 

of Nagoya and Singapore in the spirit of mutual learning and friendship. Over 50 teachers 

from schools across Nagoya, as well as six teachers and two guest speakers from Singapore 

participated in the forum. The theme of the forum was ‘Our Youth, Our Future’, and discussions 

were focused on pressing topics such as mental health, critical thinking and media literacy. 

Through group activities, teachers shared actionable ideas on how to help students thrive and 

rise above these challenges, learnt first-hand about each country’s education system and built 

friendships, kindling interest in future school visits and exchange programmes.

JAPAN

Celebrating 30 Years of Direct Service to Nagoya





children’s  

lives touched

30



SIA staff have been visiting the Fukuoka Children’s Hospital to bring festive cheer to children and 

their families since 2014. Our volunteers dressed up as Santa Claus accompanied by our cabin 

crew and brought presents to distribute to more than 50 children. They also sang songs and 

interacted with the children and staff in the hospital during the festive season. The children also 

had the opportunity to don the SIA cabin crew’s uniform – the Sarong Kebaya.

JAPAN

Fukuoka Children’s Hospital



children‘s 

lives touched

&gt;50

413-1

95


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

SilkAir supported Child’s Dream Foundation, a non-profit 

organisation committed to empowering marginalised children 

and youths in the areas of education, employment and health. 

In FY2019/20, we sponsored air tickets for the charity’s  

fundraising and training activities in the region, such as Cebu, 

Chiang Mai, Siem Reap and Yangon.

MEKONG SUB-REGION

Child’s Dream Foundation



Community projects around the world (continued)

Since 2009, SIA has been a proud sponsor of the Canterbury-

West Coast Division of the Cancer Society of New Zealand, an 

organisation dedicated to improving community well-being by 

reducing the incidence and impact of cancer. Donations were 

used to support cancer research and care for those diagnosed 

with cancer. In recent years, we extended our support to the 

Cancer Society in other regions including Waikato-Bay of Plenty, 

Wellington and Otago-Southland.

In 2019, SIA began supporting the New Zealand Arts Foundation, 

which seeks to recognise and reward artists who have an 

impact on New Zealand’s society. In FY2019/20, over S$21,000 

was raised to support six recipients and six mentors for their 

Springboard programme.

NEW ZEALAND 

Cancer Society of New Zealand

NEW ZEALAND 

New Zealand Arts Foundation





raised in  

FY2019/20

&gt;s$36,000



Since 2004, SIA has been supporting Bantay Bata 163, a welfare programme that aims to protect 

disadvantaged and at-risk children. In FY2019/20, we extended our financial support to over 70 

elementary school students nationwide under the Bantay Edukasyon programme, which allowed 

them to participate in field trips and tree-planting activities.

THE PHILIPPINES

Bantay Bata 163

students received 

financial support 

in FY2019/20

&gt;70





In December 2019, SIA employees in South Korea brought cheer to 45 underprivileged children 

in the Jongno Community Welfare Center during the festive season. Our volunteers brought the 

children out to watch a magic show and treated them to a delicious meal.

SOUTH KOREA

Jongno Community Welfare Center



children‘s 

lives touched

45

Since 2018, SIA has been supporting Eden Social Welfare Foundation, a charitable trust founded to 

serve persons with disabilities as well as socially marginalised groups. In 2019, SIA helped to raise 

over S$42,000 through online donation drives for children with developmental delays. We also 

engaged children and parents from underprivileged migrant families through fun-filled activities 

such as movie screenings as well as a virtual tour of Singapore.

TAIWAN

Eden Social Welfare Foundation

434

S$42,000

children’s 

lives touched 

since 2018

raised in 

FY2019/20



raised in  

FY2019/20

&gt;s$21,000

96




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Implementing solutions to reduce our environmental footprint

Doing all we can to future-proof the wonders of travel

For the adventurers of tomorrow and generations to come

We sustain our connections with nature

Because we believe in conserving our planet and the destinations we serve

97


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Supporting the SDGs

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Environment

The future of travel depends on the world’s approach towards environmental sustainability. We acknowledge 

that our business-as-usual practices are insufficient in ensuring the aviation industry’s sustainability in the long run. 

We remain committed to collaborating with our stakeholders to reduce our environmental impact. We also 

work with our stakeholders to implement innovative solutions to protect the environment.

Key Policies, Processes and Procedures

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

SIA’s Ambition

Be plastic straw-free by FY2019/20

Achieve a 15 per cent reduction in electricity consumption from our buildings* by FY2020/21,  

from base year FY2010/11

Achieve a 30 per cent reduction of waste generated from our buildings* by FY2020/21, 

from base year FY2010/11

Due

Targets

• Adopted IATA’s Four-Pillar Climate Strategy

• ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System

(for Engineering Division and Flight Operations Division)

of energy consumed for all 

SIA operations

FY2019/20 in Numbers

228,317 TJ

total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions

16.3 mil tonnes CO2e

overall fuel productivity for fleet

11.13 LTK/AG

total estimated GHG emissions saved as a result of our 

fuel reduction and efficiency measures across our fleet

63,803 tonnes CO2

of waste generated at SIA 

buildings in Singapore

1,455 tonnes

electricity intensity for SIA 

buildings and offices in Singapore

120 kWh/m2

estimated staff canteen waste 

recycled onsite by eco-digester daily

0.7 tonnes

of waste recycled at SIA buildings 

in Singapore

77 tonnes

Status

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

FY2020/21

We remain committed to environmental sustainability and for our operations to be carried out responsibly in support 

of the industry’s climate goals. 

of waste recycled from our flights

388 tonnes

total water withdrawal for SIA buildings and offices 

in Singapore

171,042 m3

rainwater harvested at Airline 

House, SIA’s headquarters in 

Singapore

18,568 m3

of our fleet meets the 2004 ICAO 

CAEP/6 or the stricter CAEP/8 

emissions standards for NOx

100%

of our fleet meets ICAO Chapter 

4 noise standards

100%

of lowland tropical forest covered by the 

ecosystem restoration concession under 

the Harapan Rainforest Initiative

98,555 hectares

replanted under the Harapan Rainforest Initiative, 

with 260 hectares of forest restored

2,787 trees

* Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.

WASTE

WATER

NOISE

BIODIVERSITY

CLIMATE  CHANGE

OTHER POLLUTANTS



















Achieved

On Track

On Track 

Supporting the SDGs

103-1

103-2 

103-3

98


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

CLIMATE CHANGE

We are experiencing the adverse effects of climate change, ranging from 

extreme weather events to a loss of sea ice. This is projected to intensify 

over the next decade if anthropogenic GHG emissions continue to rise. 

An Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) special report36 

found that the impact on our climate will continue to worsen if we do not 

take action. 

36 IPCC, “Global Warming of 1.5°C.

Minimising global warming could reduce the environmental impact, ensuring 

the sustainability of people, economies and ecosystems around the world. 

However, this would require rapid and far-reaching changes across multiple 

industries and a globally coordinated approach to reduce GHG emissions by 

about 45 per cent from 2010 levels by 2030 and achieve net zero by 2050. At 

SIA, we will do all we can to contribute to the industry’s climate goals and targets.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Singapore’s Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources 

marked 2018 as the Year of Climate Action for the nation. 

In support of this, SIA submitted a Climate Action Pledge 

to signal our dedication towards environmental protection 

and sustainable operations, as we take action to recognise and 

anticipate climate-related risks. 

SIA’s Climate Action Pledge

Singapore Airlines is dedicated to our long-term responsibility 

to protect the environment while providing air transportation 

services of the highest quality. We have in place various 

programmes to implement sustainable practices across 

our operations in a responsible manner to manage issues 

such as carbon emissions, noise, waste, as well as energy 

and water consumption. We pledge to continue to explore 

new sustainable practices in all areas of our operations. SIA 

adopts the aviation industry’s four-pillar strategy to address 

climate change and seeks opportunities to reduce the carbon 

footprint of our operations. We incorporate the five Rs 

(Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repurpose and Recycle) in our daily 

activities to improve our waste management practices and 

maximise efficient use of resources. We promote eco-friendly 

habits among our staff and stakeholders and raise awareness 

on the importance of taking action to reduce our impact on 

the environment.



99


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20



CLIMATE CHANGE (continued)

PILLAR 1 

Improved technology, including the 

deployment of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)

We are committed to our fleet renewal programme 

and operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet 

that generates lower emissions and less noise.

We invest in engineering improvement packages 

for airframes and engines. This helps to reduce 

drag and improve engine efficiency.

We will also drive the adoption of sustainable 

aviation fuel in the industry.

IATA’s Climate Targets

PILLAR 4 

A single global Market-based Measure (MBM), to 

fill the remaining emissions gap

PILLAR 3 

Infrastructure improvements, including 

modernised air traffic management systems

PILLAR 2 

More efficient aircraft operations

An average improvement in fuel efficiency of 1.5 per cent per year from 2009 to 2020  

A cap on net aviation CO2 emissions from 2020 (carbon-neutral growth) 

A reduction in net aviation CO2 emissions of 50 per cent by 2050, relative to 2005 levels

IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy

We improve fuel productivity through initiatives 

such as implementing green operations and 

reducing fuel usage through aircraft weight 

management and optimisation of flight routes.

We partner with air navigation service providers 

to find opportunities to reduce emissions from 

fuel burn during all flight phases. 

We collaborate with stakeholders in air traffic 

management to explore ways to improve airspace 

incremental efficiency. We believe that innovation 

and data analytics will pave the way for more 

significant improvements, and continue to engage 

research institutions to explore such ideas.

We participate in a single global MBM in the form 

of the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme 

for International Aviation (CORSIA) to address 

the growth in emissions in the aviation industry 

beyond 2020.

SIA’s Commitments

PR-9

PR-8

PR-7

Supporting IATA’s Climate 

Targets And Four-Pillar Strategy

Despite contributing approximately two per cent 

of global anthropogenic GHG emissions37, the 

aviation industry recognises the pressing need to 

address the global challenge of climate change. 

According to IATA, the expansion of air travel 

worldwide, the proliferation of low-cost airlines 

and the growth of the global tourism industry are 

expected to the double air traffic between 2018 and 

2037. This will lead to an increase in the aviation 

industry’s contribution to global GHG emissions. 

Underpinning the aviation industry’s commitment 

towards reducing emissions in the medium- to 

long-term is IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy, which was 

introduced in 2009. SIA adopted the Four-Pillar 

Strategy in our operations and we support IATA’s 

climate targets to reduce our carbon footprint.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

37 IATA, “Fact Sheet on Climate Change &amp; CORSIA”.

100


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities

Governance and Risk Management

The review of climate-related risk falls within the SIA’s Enterprise Risk Management framework, which is overseen by the Board 

Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC). Further details of the established risk governance and reporting structure can be found in 

the Governance section on pages 18 to 27 of this report. Additionally, climate-related risks and mitigation are also considered 

at various forums such as the Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC), as well as the 

Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), which involves Senior Management and the relevant business units.

SIA identifies climate-related risks and opportunities through various channels, both internally and externally. Specifically, these 

reviews include the annual Group-wide Risk Management Review exercise involving stakeholder-driven risk assessment, as well 

as on-going discussions with industry and business partners. As both transition and physical risks could impact the financial, 

operational and strategic aspects of SIA’s operations, the review and mitigation is integral to shaping our long-term business 

strategy.

Identification and Mitigation of Climate-related Risks

As climate change issues continue to gain importance, various polices and measures are introduced to progressively drive the 

aviation industry transition towards a sustainable and low-carbon economy. SIA supports CORSIA as the only global MBM to 

achieve carbon-neutral growth beyond 2020. SIA recognises that climate change issues are constantly evolving, which brings 

about transition risks. The potential emergence of uncoordinated climate policies and mandates on SAF at the regional or 

national level may create market distortion and lead to increased compliance cost. To mitigate these risks, SIA works closely with 

CAAS, IATA and industry partners to ensure successful implementation of CORSIA and also to advocate policies that incentivise 

the large-scale adoption of SAF. In addition, we acknowledge that there are potential reputational risks tied to changing 

stakeholder expectations and consumer behaviour. In response to these challenges, we adopted IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy and 

actively engage all stakeholders to reduce our GHG emissions and environmental footprint.

Beyond transitional risks, climate change could also bring about acute and chronic physical risks. Acute physical risks such as the 

rise in the frequency, severity and uncertainty of extreme weather events could result in increased frequency of in-flight re-routings, 

delays and cancellations. Chronic physical risks such as rising global temperatures and sea levels will also have longer-term strategic 

and operational impact to the entire aviation industry. With these risks in mind, SIA continues to develop and update our crisis 

response and business continuity plans to minimise potential business disruptions. SIA actively participates in external multi-agency 

airport emergency exercises to validate existing crisis management response plans, capabilities, and the management of 

communications with external stakeholders. Additionally, the review of climate change scenarios potentially leading to 

operations disruptions are also being considered.



PR-9

PR-8

PR-7

CLIMATE CHANGE (continued)

102-11

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

101


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS

PR-9

PR-8

PR-7

GHG Accounting and Reporting

SIA adopts the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. Unless otherwise stated, we 

account for GHG emissions for operations under the SIA Group and report our direct (Scope 1) and 

energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions. Fuel consumption from our flight operations contributes to 

the bulk of our Scope 1 emissions. It also constitutes more than 95 per cent of our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

emissions combined.

Scope

Description

Boundary

• Passenger and freighter 

aircraft

• Ground support vehicles 

and equipment

Scope 1

Direct GHG 

emissions

Direct GHG emissions occur 

from sources that are owned 

or controlled by the SIA Group. 

These include emissions from 

consumption in owned or controlled 

vehicles and equipment.

Please refer to the Appendix on page 132 for definitions and methodologies.

IN THE AIR

SIA adopted IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy in our operations to reduce GHG emissions and supports the industry’s ambition towards carbon-neutral growth from 2020.

Pillar 1: Improved technology, including the deployment of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) 

Investing in Modern and Fuel-efficient Aircraft

Our investment in modern and fuel-efficient aircraft helps to reduce our Scope 1 GHG emissions. In line with SIA’s fleet renewal programme, SIA has one of the youngest 

operating passenger aircraft fleet in the world, comprising over 120 aircraft with an average age of five years and five months. 

We have been investing in more fuel-efficient aircraft such as the Airbus A350s and Boeing 787s, which are known for their advanced technology and high fuel-efficient  

performance. These newer-generation aircraft help to boost fuel efficiency by 26 per cent and 29 per cent for medium- and long-haul operations respectively over 

previous-generation aircraft. This is made possible by our aircraft manufacturers through the use of new composite materials, advanced fuel-efficient engines and 

modified winglets or sharklets to improve aerodynamics. Looking ahead, SIA will continue to take delivery of fuel-efficient aircraft.

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2015/16

Singapore Airlines 

(Passenger Aircraft)

Singapore Airlines 

(Freighter Aircraft)

Tigerair38

Scoot

SilkAir

Total Fleet, by Age Group (%)

Average Fleet Age (years), as of 31 March 2020 

203 

aircraft

65%

10%

25%

&gt;13 years

7-13 years

&lt;7 years

38 Scoot and Tigerair merged under the Scoot brand on 25 July 2017.

7.4

13.7

4.0

0.7

4.8

7.7

13.3

4.3

1.6

5.9

6.6

15.3

4.8

5.1

5.4

16.3

6.2

5.7

7.4

14.3

4.6

4.7

305-5

302-4

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

• Purchased electricity 

at SIA’s four buildings, 

which include Airline 

House (ALH), SIA Supplies 

Centre (SC), SIA Training 

Centre (STC), TechSQ 

(TSQ) and other offices

Scope 2

Energy indirect 

GHG emissions

• SIA will identify and 

report our indirect 

(Scope 3) GHG emissions 

in future reporting 

periods when data is 

available

Scope 3

Other indirect 

GHG emissions

Other indirect GHG emissions 

that are a consequence of 

SIA’s activities, but occur from 

sources that are not owned or 

controlled by SIA.

Indirect GHG emissions occur 

from the generation of purchased 

electricity consumed by the SIA 

Group. These emissions physically 

occur at the facility where 

electricity is generated.

102


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





15

aircraft in 

SIA’s fleet

Rolls-Royce 

Trent 1000 TEN

29

aircraft on order

The Boeing 787-10 is 

the quietest Boeing 

aircraft in SIA’s fleet

25%

more fuel-efficient 

than the aircraft that 

it replaces

48

Airbus A350-900

aircraft in 

SIA’s fleet

Rolls-Royce 

Trent XWB-84

19

aircraft on order

The Airbus A350-900 

is the quietest Airbus 

aircraft in SIA’s fleet

Boeing 787-10

The Airbus A350-900 is built with carbon-fibre reinforced plastic, making it lighter and more cost-efficient with reduced 

maintenance requirements.

The Boeing 787-10 is the largest variant of the Dreamliner series. It is built with the latest technologies in aerodynamics with 

features such as raked wing tips and low drag empennages, with systems such as dimmable windows.

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

25%

more fuel-efficient 

than previous-generation 

aircraft*

* According to the Original Equipment Manufacturer’s website. 

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

103


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

CASE STUDY  

A JOURNEY TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE AVIATION WITH 

SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Charting Our Flight Path

Joining the Sustainable Aviation 

Fuel Users Group (SAFUG)

SIA started as a member of 

SAFUG, which was established 

to accelerate the development 

and commercialisation of 

SAF. Through this platform, 

stakeholders including airlines, 

original equipment manufacturers 

(OEMs) and verification bodies 

can exchange knowledge, 

experiences and best practices, 

equipping members with the latest 

developments on SAF. 

Since joining SAFUG in 2011, 

SIA has been actively engaging 

our stakeholders to explore the 

feasibility of SAF deployment. 

These engagements paved the way 

for our first deployment of SAF in 

May 2017.

Taking Off Into a World of Greener and Cleaner Flights

Implementing the World’s First Green Package Flights

In conjunction with SIA’s 70th anniversary in 2017, SIA operated 

a series of 12 green package flights, incorporating the 

use of SAF, fuel-efficient aircraft and optimised air traffic 

management (ATM) measures. This was done in collaboration 

with the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS) and the 

Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources (MEWR) 

over a three-month period on our non-stop San Francisco- 

Singapore route.

Exploring New Horizons in the Adoption of SAF

Learning From International Industry Stakeholders, Working Towards the Commercialisation of SAF

Leveraging the traction gained from the green package flights operated in 2017, a Singapore delegation with 

representatives from CAAS, Changi Airport Group, Economic Development Board (EDB) and SIA went on an SAF 

study trip to Swedavia Airport in Stockholm and Geneva Airport in 2018.

Through this study trip, Singapore’s aviation industry stakeholders were able to gain valuable insights on the key 

policies and business environment conditions needed to accelerate the deployment of SAF.

Entering into Partnership with Swedavia

In January 2020, SIA entered into a year-long partnership with 

Swedish airport operator Swedavia. As part of Swedavia’s SAF 

Incentive Scheme, we began to use a blend of jet fuel and SAF on 

our flights between Stockholm and Moscow. Supplied by Air BP 

Sweden and produced by Neste, this SAF is produced from used 

cooking oil, which is blended with regular jet fuel and delivered 

SAF is an important part of the airline industry’s goal of reducing its GHG emissions. This trial 

with Swedavia will provide us with valuable insights into the procurement, economics and 

logistical requirements of renewable fuels. This knowledge and experience will also allow us to 

begin discussions  and partnerships with other industry stakeholders around the world.  

 

- LEE WEN FEN, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT CORPORATE PLANNING OF  SINGAPORE AIRLINES

39 IATA, “Sustainable Aviation Fuels Fact Sheet”.





These flights were powered by a combination of Hydro-processed Esters and Fatty 

Acids (HEFA), a sustainable biofuel produced from used cooking oils and conventional 

jet fuel. The use of this fuel has a life cycle potential reduction of 80 per cent GHG emissions 

as compared to traditional jet fuel.

Beyond reducing GHG emissions, this initiative raised the awareness of SAF in Singapore 

and provided valuable industry insights relating to the economics, logistical requirements 

and impact on engine performance. It also led to further engagements 

to implement a more efficient and integrated SAF supply chain in Singapore.

2018

2020

2017

2011

Approximately 

320 tonnes CO2  

GHG emissions savings in 

FY2017/18

Approximately

47 tonnes CO2 

GHG emissions 

savings in FY2019/20

to the aircraft via the Stockholm Arlanda Airport’s hydrant system. In addition, this trial with Swedavia 

will equip SIA with a better understanding of the logistics around the procurement of renewable fuels, 

placing SIA in a better position to scale up the adoption of SAF in Singapore in future.

About Swedavia’s SAF Incentive Scheme

Swedavia, which operates Stockholm Arlanda Airport, targets to achieve five per cent renewable fuel for 

all jet fuels used at its airports by 2025. To achieve this target, Swedavia implemented the SAF Incentive 

Scheme, which subsidises 50 per cent of the premium between renewable fuel and jet fuel spot prices. SIA 

is one of the first few airlines to embark on this incentive programme with Swedavia.

Collaborating to Integrate the Use of SAF in Our Supply Chain

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

SIA sees SAF as a bridging solution between conventional jet fuel and electric commercial aircraft. Compared to conventional jet 

fuel, SAF can potentially reduce lifecycle GHG emissions by at least 80 per cent39. Since 2011, we have embarked on our journey 

to adopt SAF where we actively engage stakeholders, increase our understanding on SAF and deploy SAF in overseas airports. 

Moving forward, our aim is to support greater use of SAF in Singapore, as well as the adoption of an integrated SAF supply chain 

at Changi Airport.

104


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20





































































































































































































































































































































CASE STUDY  

TAILORED WATER UPLIFT PROGRAMME

The Tailored Water Uplift Programme involves the customisation of water uplift based on flight sector requirements. This reduces 

the amount of fuel used during our flight operations. During the initial stages of this programme, data on water usage was manually 

collected by our cabin crew for selected flights and assessed by the Engineering Division to analyse the potential of reducing water 

uplift. 

In FY2019/20, an additional feature was introduced in the electronic Cabin Crew Voyage Report (eCCVR) system to facilitate the 

collection of accurate data and close monitoring of water usage. This allows cabin crew to digitally record the amount of water in 

the tank at the start and end of each flight. Data collected by the eCCVR system is then automatically integrated into the Voyage 

Report System (VRS), where it is compiled and analysed by our Engineering Division to identify opportunities for further reduction.

Today, this programme has been implemented for all flights operated by our Airbus A350-900 and Boeing 787-10 aircraft, as well 

as selected Airbus A380-800 and Boeing 777-300ER aircraft. Approximately 5,900 tonnes of fuel was saved in FY2019/20.

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Pillar 2: More efficient aircraft operations

As part of our ongoing commitment to sustainability, SIA is constantly looking for opportunities to reduce our carbon emissions to 

mitigate the impact of climate change. This is done through various fuel productivity and savings initiatives, which are implemented 

across our engineering, flight and ground operations. SIA also leverages digital technologies to identify and implement further fuel 

productivity initiatives. 

Engineering Operations

Measures for our engineering operations include the regular monitoring of aircraft performance levels and working with aircraft OEMs 

to manage aircraft weight, reduce fuel usage during flights and improve aircraft fuel efficiency.

Tailored water uplift 

based on flight sector of 

fuel savings requirements 

through a tailored potable 

water programme

Approximately 

5,900 tonnes of 

fuel savings

Removing footrests on selected 

aircraft, resulting in a potential 

weight reduction ranging from 

120kg to 300kg 

Approximately 1,060 

tonnes of fuel savings

Modification of Boeing 787-10 

Trent 1000 engine software to 

implement “slow taper climb” 

schedule

Utilising more fuel-efficient 

aircraft and engines for long-haul 

flights to reduce the amount of 

fuel burnt during a flight

Approximately 210 

tonnes of fuel savings

Optimising Airbus A350 

engines based on 

flight sectors served

Approximately 

160 tonnes of 

fuel savings



Approximately 

23,090 tonnes CO2  

GHG emissions 

savings across 

engineering 

operations in 

FY2019/2040

40 Based on net calorific value and effective CO2 emissions factor from 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhous Gas Inventories, Volume  2: Energy, Table 1.2 and Table 1.4 respectively (IPCC, 2006).

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

105


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Flight Operations

Measures for our flight operations include initiatives aimed at optimising flight plans, routes and management.

Implementing Operational Excellence

Collaboration Across Divisions

Engaging the Ecosystem

• Reviewing route planning procedures to 

optimise route efficiency

• Monitoring fuel usage to ensure an optimal 

level of fuel to uplift

• Migrating to an enhanced flight planning 

system in FY2019/20 to plan optimised flight 

routes that balances fuel efficiency and other 

operational constraints, such as weather 

systems and airspace closures

• Pilots following green operational procedures 

to enable more efficient flights

• Engaging crew through fleet meetings and 

e-learning tools to promote fuel-efficient 

practices such as Reduced Engine Taxi-In and 

Continuous Descent Approach

• Extending the fuel efficiency programme across 

divisions, sharing data and working closely to 

implement a more consolidated approach to 

optimising flight plans and routes

• Working closely with ATM experts to improve 

airspace congestion

• Participating in international forums and 

discussions to identify more efficient routes 

and supporting research into ATM

CASE STUDY  

OUR PILOT’S CONTRIBUTION TO GREEN FLIGHT OPERATIONS

SIA’s pilots play a significant role in contributing to sustainable operations by reducing the amount of fuel used during flights. Our Flight Operations 

Division developed green operational procedures, which pilots are encouraged to adopt to reduce fuel usage during flight operations. 

Some of these green operational procedures include shutting down one engine when taxiing and engaging idle reverse thrust during landing. In addition, 

to facilitate the implementation of green operational procedures, SIA adopted the use of digital applications to provide our pilots with historical and 

real-time information relating to fuel usage. This enables them to make more informed decisions with regard to fuel uplift. These efforts have reduced fuel 

burn by 10,000 tonnes in FY2019/20.



Approximately 

31,500 tonnes CO2 

GHG emissions savings 

across flight operations in 

FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

106


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Ground Operations

Measures for our ground operations include reducing fuel usage during ground operations.

Reducing Reliance on Aircraft 

Auxiliary Power Units (APU)

Improving Aircraft Zero Fuel Weight 

(ZFW) Used to Plan Fuel Uplift

• Deploying mobile ground power units and pre-

conditioned units during night stops and long 

transits to reduce reliance on aircraft APUs

• In FY2019/20, these contributed to an estimated 

910 tonnes of fuel savings, translating to 

estimated GHG emissions savings of 2,867 

tonnes CO2

• ZFW is the total weight of the aircraft and all 

its contents, excluding the total weight of the 

usable fuel on board. Unusable fuel is included 

in the ZFW

• By improving ZFW accuracy, the correct 

amount of fuel is uplifted, which reduces the 

overall weight of the aircraft. We implemented 

a range of measures to improve aircraft ZFW 

accuracy, the latest being the deployment of 

the ZFW Monitoring Dashboard. It enables our 

Airport Operations department to monitor the 

ZFW more closely

• In FY2019/20, these contributed to an estimated 

1,800 tonnes of fuel savings, translating to 

estimated GHG emissions savings of 5,670 

tonnes CO2

Approximately 

8,537 tonnes CO2 

GHG emissions savings 

across ground operations 

in FY2019/20

Adoption of Digital Technologies Across Our Operations

SIA recognises that digital technologies are key enablers to facilitate emissions reduction across our engineering, flight and ground operations. We adopted data 

analytics and digital platforms to measure aircraft performance, as well as to identify and prioritise measures to better support our fuel efficiency strategies.

Analytical Tools

Operational Data

Tail-centric Digital Solutions

• Using fuel efficiency analytical tools to 

evaluate, measure and identify more fuel 

efficiency opportunities

• Equipping pilots with up-to-date operational 

data using iPads and applications, which 

facilitate more fuel-efficient operations

• As part of an ongoing initiative with Airbus, we 

adopted a suite of tail-centric digital solutions 

to optimise the monitoring of air-conditioning 

performance in all flight phases



MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

107


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

CASE STUDY  

STATISTICAL CONTINGENCY FUEL TO OPTIMISE FUEL UPLIFT

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)



Contingency fuel refers to fuel required to account for unforeseen factors that could influence the consumption of fuel. Standard regulations and industry practices require a fixed percentage of 

planned fuel to be used as contingency fuel for all flights.

In FY2019/20, SIA successfully developed the Statistical Contingency Fuel approach that adopts a data driven methodology to determine the amount of contingency fuel needed for each flight. 

SIA implemented the use of Statistical Contingency Fuel on one of our aircraft fleet, which resulted in an estimated fuel savings of 200 tonnes. Moving forward, SIA plans to expand the use of this 

approach across our entire network, which is estimated to allow for a total fuel savings of about 4,000 tonnes annually.

Approximately 

630 tonnes CO2 

GHG emissions savings from 

the Statistical Contingency 

Fuel approach in FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

108


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Pillar 3: Infrastructure improvements, including 

modernised air traffic management (ATM) 

systems

With global passenger numbers expected to reach eight billion by 2036 and 

ongoing capacity constraints, modern air traffic services will face considerable 

challenges that may lead to inefficiencies, resulting in billions of dollars in 

annual costs41. We seek to address these challenges through two approaches.

Innovation and Data 

Analytics

Partnerships with 

Stakeholders

Pillar 4: A single global market-based measure (MBM) to fill the remaining emissions gap

The aviation industry has been experiencing an increase in CO2 emissions. ICAO 

predicts that without additional measures, emissions from the aviation industry could 

increase by more than 300 per cent42. As part of the ICAO’s Member States commitment 

towards carbon-neutral growth from 2020, the Member States have adopted a global 

MBM,  known as CORSIA. CORSIA seeks to offset the share of CO2 emissions from 

international flights exceeding their 2020 levels. The CORSIA scheme will be activated 

during a voluntary pilot period from 2021 and will become mandatory for all airlines 

from 2027.

The implementation of CORSIA is applicable to international aviation emissions. It is 

forecasted that CORSIA will mitigate approximately 2.5 billion tonnes CO2 emissions 

between 2021 and 2035, equivalent to an average of 165 million tonnes CO2 emissions 

annually. CORSIA’s approach compares the total annual GHG emissions from 2021 

onwards against a baseline of CO2 emissions, which will be determined by using the 

average CO2 emissions from international aviation under CORSIA in 2019 and 2020. 

SIA recognises that CORSIA plays an integral role in helping the aviation industry achieve its 

target in a cost-efficient manner. Singapore will voluntarily participate in CORSIA between 2021 

and 2026 before the mandatory implementation of the scheme. SIA strives to support ongoing 

efforts by meeting the requirements under the CORSIA Monitoring, Reporting and Verification 

system for CO2 emission. We began monitoring and reporting our CO2 emissions on an annual basis 

in January 2019.

The Covid-19 outbreak led to a drastic reduction in air traffic, which will likely result in lower 

levels of emissions in 2020. As the CORSIA emissions baseline is determined based on the 

emissions in 2019 and 2020, reviews are continuing among industry stakeholders to consider 

appropriate adjustments aimed at providing stakeholders with the certainty and confidence 

required to ensure the successful implementation of CORSIA, whilst preserving the scheme’s 

environmental benefits.



Image courtesy of Shawn Ang

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

We believe that innovation and 

data analytics play a critical role in 

paving the way for more significant 

improvements. We engaged 

research institutions to explore 

such ideas.

SIA aims to assist with the 

improvements in air route 

optimisation to cope with 

escalating traffic growth, while 

striving to reduce fuel use and 

emissions.

We recognise that close 

coordination among industry 

stakeholders such as airlines, 

airports, air navigation service 

providers and governments, 

is critical to enable airspace 

optimisation. SIA actively 

collaborates with stakeholders 

on ATM to explore ways to improve 

airspace incremental efficiency.

41 IATA, “Airspace Optimisation”. 

42 IATA, “CORSIA: final decisions before take-off”.

109


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Performance of SIA’s Flight Operations43

302-1

302-3

302-4

305-1

305-4

305-5

Fuel 

Consumption

Direct  

(Scope 1) 

GHG Emissions

SIA Passenger Fleet

SilkAir Fleet

SIA Freighter Fleet

Scoot Fleet

ON THE GROUND

Buildings are a major driver of global energy demand, accounting for approximately 39 per cent of 

energy-related global GHG emissions44. Of this, 28 per cent relates to operational GHG emissions associated 

with energy used to operate the building or infrastructure. SIA aims to transition into a decarbonised built 

environment through our retrofit and renovation efforts, which will facilitate a reduction in resource usage 

and improved performance.

Energy Reduction Initiatives

A large amount of energy consumption at our buildings and offices is due to the use of electricity for air-

conditioning systems, lightings and lifts. To manage the energy performance of our buildings, SIA reviews the 

performance of major building equipment including the plans for refurbishment or upgrading on an annual basis.

In FY2019/20, we continued to implement energy reduction initiatives and achieved an estimated 800 MWh of 

energy savings mainly through adjusting the operating parameters of our chiller plants and air-handling units 

(AHU), and replacing lightings with more energy efficient light-emitting diode (LED) light fittings.

We remain committed to our efforts to refresh aged equipment and explore new technologies to enhance the 

energy efficiency of our buildings. These include longer-term initiatives such as adopting smart lighting systems 

in our offices, and upgrading our existing chiller plants and AHUs.

Recognising that innovation is key to unlocking the potential of future energy reduction opportunities, we 

also leverage platforms such as the Singapore Airlines AppChallenge 2019 to ideate resource management 

solutions. The Singapore Airlines AppChallenge 2019 is an international digital innovation forum that invites 

startups and innovators around the world to pitch their ideas to address some of the challenges faced by the 

aviation industry.

Adoption of Renewable Energy

In addition to our energy reduction initiatives, we started adopting the use of renewable energy. In FY2019/20, 

SIA entered into a partnership with SembCorp Solar to install rooftop solar panels on three of our buildings – 

Airline House, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ. The solar panels are expected to be commissioned in the second 

quarter of FY2020/21 and will generate a projected 5,382 MWh of renewable energy annually to support up 

to 18 per cent of our buildings’ electricity demand.

Cleaner Ground Operations

To manage GHG emissions from SIA’s ground operations, all diesel and petrol powered vehicles in our fleet are 

required to comply with the National Environmental Agency’s (NEA) requirements on motor vehicle emissions. 

In addition, our vehicles undergo regular inspections such as the Chassis Dynamometer Smoke Test annually to 

ensure the smoke opacity limit meets local standards. Our employees are also reminded to adhere to anti-idling 

engine regulations and switch off idle engines to conserve fuel and promote cleaner air.

Approximately 800 MWh 

energy savings from initiatives 

across buildings and offices in 

FY2019/20

The Covid-19 outbreak has impacted the SIA Group’s fleet environmental performance. Concerns about the spread of the Covid-19 virus, as well as 

the border controls and entry restrictions imposed by countries globally, has significantly reduced the overall demand for air travel and passenger 

traffic. In response, we have implemented capacity cuts across our network, which contributed to a significant reduction in our operations.

Due to the drop in demand for passenger carriage, the total fleet fuel consumption saw a decrease of 1.1 per cent from 1,748 million AG consumed 

in FY2018/19, to 1,729 million AG in FY2019/20. This corresponds with the 1.1 per cent decrease in our Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions from 

16,488,318 tonnes CO2 in FY2018/19 to 16,301,082 tonnes CO2 in FY2019/20. The reduction in operational productivity and load factors as a result 

of reduced demand for passenger travel saw a decrease in fuel productivity and our Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions.

In FY2019/20, we implemented various fuel reduction and efficiency measures across our aircraft fleet to reduce our GHG emissions. This enabled us 

to achieve an estimated GHG emissions savings of 63,803 tonnes CO2 in FY2019/20.

43 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 130 and 132 for definitions and methodologies. 

44 Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction &amp; International Energy Agency, “Global Status Report 2018”.

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2015/16

FY2019/20

0

4

10

14

20

18

16

6

8

12

2

0

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2015/16

FY2019/20

1,476

1,729

1,748

1,502

1,492

13,922

16,301

16,488

14,163

14,069

16.40

17.00

17.68

17.25

16.15

13.18

13.62

10.57

10.74

10.59

10.18

10.17

8.06

8.15

8.48

8.99

8.86

1.17

1.16

1.11

1.05

1.05

0.93

0.93

0.89

0.88

0.89

0.69

0.72

0.55

0.58

0.53

0.55

0.58

Direct (Scope 1) 

GHG emissions 

(‘000 tonnes CO2)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

Emissions Intensity 

(kgCO2/LTK)

Fuel 

Consumption 

(million AG)

Fuel 

Productivity  

(LTK/AG)

18,000

12,000

14,000

16,000

10,000

1.30

1.20

1.10

1.00

0.90

0.80

0.70

0.60

0.50

0.40

0.30

0.20

0.10

4,000

6,000

8,000

2,000

1,800

1,200

1,400

1,600

1,000

2,000

400

600

800

200

SIA Passenger Fleet

SilkAir Fleet

SIA Freighter Fleet

Scoot Fleet

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

110


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Performance of SIA’s Buildings and Offices45

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

302-1 

302-3 

302-4 

305-2 

305-4 

305-5



SIA’s electricity consumption data includes electricity consumed at SIA’s buildings  and offices. In FY2019/20, the total electricity consumption at our 

buildings and offices46 was 27,906.9 MWh, a 0.8 per cent decrease from our FY2018/19 levels. The electricity intensity has also improved by 

0.8 per cent to 120.3 kWh/m2. Correspondingly, our energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions and intensity improved by 0.9 per cent from FY2018/19. This 

is indicative of the resource management initiatives implemented throughout the year to reduce our energy consumption and improve our energy efficiency.

We are also on track to achieve our FY2020/21 target of a 15 per cent reduction of electricity consumption, from the base year FY2010/11 level 

of 59,553.7 MWh. This target takes into account the electricity consumption of 11 assets47 that SIA and SIAEC have operational control over. In 

FY2019/20, the total electricity consumption of these 11 assets was 47,107.4 MWh, a 20.9 per cent improvement from FY2010/11.

45 Please refer to the Appendix on page 130 for definitions and methodologies. 

46 Locations include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ) and offices. 

47 Locations include SIA’s four buildings  (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.

0

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

35,000

50

60

70

80

90

100

110

120

130

140

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2015/16

FY2019/20

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2015/16

FY2019/20

14,000

12,000

10,000

31,012

27,907

28,144

27,805

28,280

13,264

11,687

11,798

11,781

11,945

0.057

0.050

0.051

0.051

0.052

134

120

121

120

122

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions (tonnes CO2)

Electricity 

Consumption 

(MWh)

Electricity 

Intensity 

(kWh/m2)

5,000

2,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

Electricity Consumption

Electricity Intensity

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG Emissions

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG Emissions Intensity 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG Emissions Intensity 

(tonnes CO2/m2)

0.060

0.050

0.040

0.030

0.020

0.010

0.000

0

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

111


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

Performance Summary Of Energy And Emissions48

Operating Statistics

FY2015/16 

 FY2016/17 

 FY2017/18 

 FY2018/19 

 FY2019/20

SIA Group

 

Available Seat-km (million)  

127,484.3  

127,748.6  

129,492.6 

169,606.6  

171,211.2

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Fleet)

 

Passengers Carried (thousand)  

19,029  

18,990  

19,505  

20,738 

20,906

 

Available Seat-km (million)  

118,366.5  

117,662.3 

118,126.7  

123,486.2  

127,165.8

 

Revenue Pax-km (million) 

94,267.4  

92,913.8  

95,855.0  

102,571.9  

104,134.6

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Fleet)

 

Cargo and Mail Carried (million kg) 

1,170  

1,248  

1,301.2  

1,298.3 

1,205

 

Gross Capacity (million tonne-km) 

10,513.3  

10,912.3  

11,126.7  

11,210.4  

10,778.2

 

Cargo Load (million tonne-km)  

6,510.9  

6,895.8  

7,260.3  

7,006.5 

6,389.2

SilkAir

 

Passengers Carried (thousand) 

3,836  

4,106  

4,687  

4,902  

4,440

 

Available Seat-km (million)  

9,117.8  

10,086.3  

11,365.9  

11,731.8  

10,599.6

 

Revenue Pax-km (million)  

6,516.2  

7,138.0  

8,343.5  

8,940.3 

8,195.4

Scoot49

 

Passengers Carried (thousand) 

- 

- 

- 

10,455 

10,454

 

Available Seat-km (million) 

- 

- 

- 

34,388.6  

33,445.8

 

Revenue Pax-km (million) 

- 

- 

- 

29,325.9 

28,668.5

 

Passengers Carried (thousand)  

 22,865  

23,096  

24,192  

36,095  

35,800

 

Revenue Pax-km (million) 

100,783.6  

100,051.8  

104,198.5  

140,838.1  

140,998.5

305-2

305-4

302-1

302-3

305-1

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

48 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 130 and 132 for definitions and methodologies. 

49 Energy and emissions data for Scoot is available from FY2018/19 due to the merger of Tigerair under the Scoot brand in July 2017.

112


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

SIA Group

 

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG) 

10.57  

10.61  

10.98  

11.37 

11.13

 

Fuel Consumption (million AG) 

1,477.4  

1,491.9  

1,501.8  

1,748.5  

1,728 .7

 

Fuel Consumption (TJ) 

214,201.4  

219,884.1  

223,877.9  

230,836.5  

228,215.1

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK) 

0.89  

0.89  

0.86  

0.83  

 0.85

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)  

13,921.9  

14,069.1  

14,162.8  

16,488.4  

16,301.1

 

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Fleet)

 

Fuel Consumption (million AG) 

1,277.0  

1,288.1  

1,296.1  

1,332.7 

1,334.3

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)  

12,033 .0 

12,146.8  

12,222.9  

12,567.6  

12,582.6

 

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)  

10.17  

10.18  

10.59  

10.74 

10.57

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK) 

0.93  

0.93  

0.89  

0.88  

0.89

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Fleet)

 

Fuel Consumption (million AG) 

122.2  

118.9  

110.8  

99.1  

92.8

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2) 

1,151.9  

1,120.8  

1,044.7  

934.3  

874.7

 

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG) 

16.40  

17.00  

17.68  

17.25  

16.15

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK) 

0.58  

0.55 

 0.53  

0.55 

0.58

SilkAir

 

Fuel Consumption (million AG) 

78.2  

85.0  

94.9  

95.6 

87.4

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2) 

737 .0 

801.5  

895.2  

901.7 

824.2

 

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG) 

8.06  

8.15  

8.48  

8.99  

8.86

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)  

1.17 

1.16  

1.11  

1.05  

1.05

 

Scoot

 

Fuel Consumption (million AG) 

-  

-  

-  

221.1  

214.2

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)  

-  

- 

-  

2,084.8  

2,019.6

 

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG) 

- 

-  

-  

13.62  

13.18

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK) 

-  

-  

-  

0.69  

0.72

Flight Operations

FY2015/16 

FY2016/17 

FY2017/18 

FY2018/19 

FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

113


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Buildings and Offices (Electricity)

 

Electricity Intensity (kWh/m2)  

133.73  

121.95  

119.90  

121.36  

120.34

 

Electricity Consumption (GWh)  

31 .0 

28.3  

27.8  

28.1  

27.9

 

Electrical Energy Consumption (TJ) 

112  

102  

100  

101  

100

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity (tonnes CO2/m2)  

0.057  

0.052  

0.051  

0.051  

0.050

 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)  

13,264  

11,945  

11,781  

11,798  

11,687

Ground Operations (Diesel)

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions from Diesel (tonnes CO2e)  

15  

14 

7  

14 

27

 

Diesel Consumption (litres) 

5,594  

4,991  

2,533 

 5,216  

10,014

 

Diesel Consumption (TJ) 

0.20  

0.18 

 0.09 

 0.19 

0.36

Ground Operations (Petrol)

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions from Petrol (tonnes CO2e) 

28  

33  

43 

51  

49

 

Petrol Consumption (TJ)  

0.39  

0.46  

0.60  

0.73  

0.68

 

Petrol Consumption (litres) 

11,939  

14,036  

18,411  

22,142 

20,870

FY2015/16 

 FY2016/17 

FY2017/18 

FY2018/19 

FY2019/20

Buildings, Offices and Ground Operations

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

114


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Total Energy Consumption within SIA

 

Energy Consumption from Ground Operations (TJ) 

0.59  

0.64  

0.70  

0.91  

1.05

 

Energy Consumption from Flight Operations (TJ) 

214,201  

219,884  

223,878  

230,836  

228,215

 

Energy Consumption from Buildings and Offices (TJ) 

112  

102  

100  

101  

100

 

Total Energy Consumption within SIA (TJ)  

214,314 

219,987 

223,979 

230,939  

228,317  

Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions

  

13,264  

11,945  

11,781  

11,798  

11,687

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions from Flight Operations (tonnes CO2) 

13,921,890  

14,069,120  

14,162,780  

16,488,320 

16,301,080

 

 

 43  

46  

50  

66  

76

 

Total Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e) 

13,921,933 

14,069,166 

14,162,830 

16,488,386 

16,301,156

 

Total Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)  

13,264  

11,945  

11,781  

11,798 

11,687

 

Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)  

13,935,197  

14,081,112  

14,174,610  

16,500,183  

16,312,843

 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions from Ground Operations 

 

(tonnes CO2e) 

 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions from Buildings and 

 

Offices (tonnes CO2e)  

 

FY2016/17 

FY2017/18 

FY2018/19 

FY2019/20

FY2015/16

Summary of Energy and Emissions Performance

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (continued)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

115


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

WASTE

In August 2019, Singapore launched the inaugural Zero Waste Masterplan, which maps out the country’s key strategies to build a 

sustainable, resource-efficient and climate-resilient nation. This includes reducing the amount of waste sent to Singapore’s landfill 

and encouraging the adoption of sustainable production and consumption practices. As part of our commitment to minimise our 

environmental footprint through a prudent waste hierarchy, we practise the five Rs – Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repurpose and Recycle – 

across our operations.

The sustainable management of aircraft cabin waste comprises two primary waste-streams: cleaning waste and catering waste.

A study by IATA estimated that the aviation industry generated 6.1 million tonnes of cabin waste in 2018 and this figure is expected 

to double in the next decade51. An average of 352.7kg of waste is generated per flight, with an average passenger generating 1.4kg 

worth of cabin waste per flight52. To put this in perspective, the average person on Earth generates 0.7kg of waste per day53. 

SIA does not collect, store or dispose of cabin waste. These activities are performed by contracted cleaners and caterers and are 

subjected to the relevant national waste management controls. Nonetheless, SIA remains committed to play our part to reduce and 

manage cabin waste in a more sustainable manner. SIA is working with our caterers worldwide to explore various initiatives and 

conduct waste audits to gain a better understanding of the make-up of our waste. This allows us to step up our efforts in segregating 

and recycling of waste, promoting circular economy concepts where possible.

50 World Bank, “What a Waste 2.0: A Global Snapshot of Solid Waste Management to 2050”.  

51 IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”.  

52 IATA, “Aircraft Cabin Waste Project Report”.  

53 World Bank, “What a Waste 2.0: A Global Snapshot of Solid Waste Management to 2050”.

306-1

PR-7

306-2

PR-8

PR-9

IN THE AIR

Aircraft Cabin Waste

Catering Waste

Catering waste is generated by in-flight meals and beverages 

distributed on board the flight. These include food and beverages 

(both part-consumed and untouched), as well as packaging which 

are returned to the galley carts, static bins and/or compactor boxes.

Cleaning Waste 

Cleaning waste includes amenity kits, earphones, lavatory 

waste, magazines, newspapers, plastic bottles, textiles,  

as well as litter left behind by passengers.









































































































SIA adopts a four-pronged approach as 

part of our waste management:

• Reducing waste generation through 

the adoption of digital technologies 

and introducing waste and  

materials reduction initiatives across 

our operations

• Reducing waste disposal through 

recycling, reusing and repurposing of 

materials

• Implementing operational 

improvements to reduce waste 

generation and disposal

• Building partnerships with like-minded 

industry partners to explore new 

collaboration opportunities

 

Refuse

Refusing the use of single-use disposables such as 

plastics and straws

Reduce 

Reducing the use of materials and waste generated

Repurpose 

Repurposing and upcycling of materials that have lost their 

functionality

Reuse 

Minimising disposables and replacing cabin items with more 

reusable and sustainable alternatives

Recycle 

Making a conscious effort to recycle waste such as electronics 

and plastics purposefully 

The world is facing a mounting waste issue. Waste generation is expected to 

drastically outpace population growth by 2050. Against a backdrop of rapid 

urbanisation and consumerism, global annual waste generation is expected to 

increase to over three billion tonnes over the next 30 years, up from around two 

billion tonnes today50. SIA recognises that sustainable waste management is 

crucial and requires urgent action. 

116




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

WASTE (Continued)

Reducing In-flight Food Waste

Today, over 23.4 per cent of cabin waste comprises 

unconsumed food and beverages54. With food 

waste emerging as a key global issue, SIA explored 

various methods to reduce food wastage in our 

in-flight operations. In FY2019/20, we leveraged 

customer surveys, data analytics and staff 

feedback to better understand our customers’ 

preferences and worked with our caterers to 

explore adjustments in our food offerings to 

reduce food wastage. 

We will continue to leverage digital technologies 

to allow us to adjust the quantities of food items. 

This will allow us to minimise food wastage 

without compromising on the in-flight experience.

Refusing the Use of In-flight Plastic

The world produces about 300 million tonnes of 

plastic waste every year. Almost half of all plastic 

produced is designed to be used once. About 60 

per cent of plastic produced ends up in landfills 

or the natural environment55. Coupled with the 

increased visibility of the impact of plastic on the 

marine environment, plastic waste has become 

a growing concern for our stakeholders. In 

FY2019/20, SIA implemented several initiatives 

to reduce the use of single-use plastics and replace 

plastic materials with alternative sustainable 

materials.

54 IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”.  

55 UN Environment, “Banning single-use plastic: Lessons and experiences 

from countries”.

plastic straws saved each year

820,000

of plastics saved as a result of 

replacement of plastics polybags 

(equivalent to the length of 3,416 

A380 aircraft)

250km

3.8 mil

pieces of swizzle sticks replaced  

with wooden ones

Approximately

SIA replaced plastic polybags (left) for children’s toys to recyclable paper packaging (right)

117


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES































































































WASTE (Continued)

Reducing the Use of Cabin Items

Cleaning waste accounts for approximately 20 per cent of in-flight cabin waste by weight57. To reduce this, SIA started offering its in-flight amenity kits on 

request to Premium Economy Class and Economy Class customers in FY2019/20, instead of distributing them to all passengers. Moving forward, SIA plans to 

expand this initiative to other amenities such as slippers, socks and eyeshades for our Business Class customers. 

SIA made several modifications to the Economy Class earphones in FY2019/20. The modifications include the removal of the spare earbuds and loose 

adaptor, as well as modification of the earphone jack to a flexi dual pin design. With these modifications, customers can reuse these earphones during their 

subsequent flights or for their own personal electronic devices.

Moving forward, other initiatives that SIA will be embarking on include the replacement of paper menus 

with digital alternatives. FSC-certified paper is also used in our serviettes, packaging, toilet paper and 

toilet rolls.

Reducing the Use of Paper In-flight

Paper is the second largest source of waste, accounting for approximately 17 per cent of global waste 

composition56. To reduce the amount of paper used on board SIA’s flights, SIA implemented several 

initiatives in FY2019/20.

56  World Bank, “What a Waste 2.0:  A Global Snapshot of Solid Waste Management to 2050.  

57 IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”.

Approximately three million pieces of paper 

saved annually as a result of the adoption of the 

BEST app for in-flight operations.

Increasing the number of publications on our 

e-Library in the SingaporeAir mobile app and 

encouraging passengers to download their reading 

materials before the flight to reduce the amount of 

newspapers and magazines uplifted.

Digitalisation of  

Reports and Records

e-Library Feature in the 

SingaporeAir Mobile App

Removing spare earbuds

Removing the loose adaptor

Modifying the earphone jack  

to a flexi dual pin design

1

2

3



118


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



WASTE (Continued)

The amount of waste disposed of in Singapore has increased seven-fold over the last 40 years. Assuming this rate continues, 

Singapore’s only landfill, Semakau Landfill, will run out of space by 2035. Singapore has limited land for new incineration plants or 

landfills. Thus, the need to develop a more sustainable waste management approach is increasingly pressing. 

The Singapore Government declared 2019 as the Year of Zero Waste and unveiled Singapore’s inaugural Zero Waste Masterplan, 

which maps out the country’s key strategies to build a sustainable, resource-efficient and climate-resilient nation. As part of the 

Masterplan, Singapore’s zero waste aspirations include reducing waste sent to Semakau Landfill each day by 30 per cent and 

increasing our overall recycling rate to 70 per cent by 203058. 

SIA strives to align our approach with Singapore’s waste management strategies. In FY2019/20, SIA explored various waste 

reducing and recycling initiatives to minimise waste from three main waste streams: food waste, electrical and electronic waste 

(e-waste) and plastics.

ON THE GROUND

Recycling Canteen Waste and Reducing the Use of Styrofoam-based Foodware at Airline House

A recent study done by NEA found that the amount of food waste generated has grown by almost 30 per cent59 over the past  

10 years and is expected to increase further with a growing population. In 2018, food waste made up approximately 20 per cent 

of the total amount of waste disposed of in Singapore. However, only 17 per cent of food waste was recycled. 

To reduce our canteen’s food and material waste footprint, SIA introduced the concept of an eco-friendly canteen at Airline 

House in FY2017/18. As part of this concept, SIA installed an eco-digester at the bin centre, which has the ability to convert 

approximately 600kg to 800kg worth of canteen food waste and 80kg of non-food waste (including disposable foodware and 

general waste) to Refuse Derived Fuels (RDF) everyday. The eco-digester uses heat and an enzymatic process to digest canteen 

waste into RDF on site. RDF is a renewable fuel source that can be used in thermal power plants to generate electricity and 

produces lesser GHG emissions compared to traditional fossil fuels. In addition to the reduction of canteen waste disposed, SIA 

also reduced GHG emissions from the transportation of canteen waste for incineration and the burning of incineration waste. 

Other initiatives implemented as part of this concept include switching our foodware from styrofoam to paper-based ones for 

25 stalls, placing 22 new recycling bins to encourage a culture of recycling, organising roadshows and displaying posters on 

canteen tables to encourage our staff to sort their cans and bottles for recycling before disposing their food waste.

Reducing Paper Usage and Single-use Plastics at SilverKris Lounges

To encourage more sustainable consumer practices among our customers, SIA implemented various measures to reduce 

single-use plastics and paper usage at our SilverKris Lounges. 

In FY2019/20, we digitalised many processes to reduce paper usage and improve our work processes. Some of the digitalisation 

initiatives include:

• Digitalising the process for handling lost baggage and reducing the use of hardcopy forms. This enables our customers to receive

updated information on their baggage recovery conveniently

• Developing of Kristal, a mobile app, to reduce the use of physical manuals, enabling SilverKris Lounge staff to readily access

information and response effectively to our customers

We will progressively replace plastic straws and single-use plastic bottles with more eco-friendly alternatives. We will also continue 

our efforts to review the use of non-recyclable materials in our SilverKris Lounges worldwide.

Recycling Electronic Waste at our Offices

Although e-waste makes up less than one per cent of the total waste generated in Singapore, it usually contains hazardous 

substances such as mercury and cadmium that may be potentially harmful to human health and the environment if not properly 

disposed. However, e-waste also contains valuable resources such as precious metals and working components, which can be 

extracted and reused. 

To encourage a culture of recycling e-waste, SIA implemented an initiative called “Let’s Erase e-Waste”. Since its introduction in 

2016, our employees collected and recycled more than 7,000kg of e-waste through Cimelia Resource Recovery Pte Ltd. This is an 

ongoing initiative which has developed an awareness among employees on the proper treatment and disposal of e-waste through 

various educational programmes and the introduction of e-waste recycling bins at our Singapore offices.

58 Ministry of Environment &amp; Water Resources, “Singapore’s Zero Waste Masterplan”. 

59 National Environment Agency, “Food Waste Management”. 

of canteen waste treated 

in the eco-digester daily

0.7 tonnes

Approximately

of e-waste collected and 

recycled in FY2019/20

2,504kg

Approximately

119


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

WASTE (Continued)

Performance of SIA’s Buildings60

As a testament to SIA’s prudent waste management initiatives, total waste generated by our buildings61 decreased by 43.8 per cent from 2,587 tonnes in FY2018/19 to 1,455 tonnes in 

FY2019/20. We also began monitoring the total amount of waste recycled at our buildings. In FY2019/20, we recycled a total of 76.9 tonnes of waste, which includes paper, plastics, ferrous 

metals and glass materials.

SIA is on track to achieve our FY2020/21 target of a 30 per cent reduction of waste generation, from the base year FY2010/11 level of 5,787 tonnes. This target takes into account the 

waste data of 11 assets62, which SIA and SIAEC have operational control over. In FY2019/20, the total waste generated by these 11 assets was 2,058 tonnes, a 64.4 per cent improvement 

from FY2010/11.

60 Please refer to the Appendix on page 133 for definitions and methodologies.  

61 Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, and TechSQ) and Hangars 1, 2 and 3, which are under SIAEC’s operational control. Data for Hangars 1, 2 and 3 are included as data could not be segregated. 

62 Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, and TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.



FY2015/16

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

Total Waste Recycled at Buildings in FY2019/20, by Location and Waste Type (tonnes)

SIA Training Centre 

5.28 

0.03 

0.05 

0.00 

5.36

TechSQ 

0.56 

0.02 

0.03 

0.00 

0.61

SIA Supplies Centre 

0.48 

0.00 

0.03 

0.03 

0.54

 

68.40 

5.08 

3.37 

0.06 

76.91

Paper

Plastic

Ferrous

Glass

Total

Total Waste Recycled 

(tonnes) 

62.08 

5.03 

3.25 

0.03 

70.40

Airline House and 

Hangars 1, 2, 3

3,500

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

2,755

2 ,227

2,819

2,474

2,067

1,093

116

196

50

215

251

54

216

240

49

228

235

59

225

242

61

3,341

2,979

2,587

1,455

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3

SIA Training Centre

TechSQ

SIA Supplies Centre

Metal

Total Waste  

Generated at Buildings 

(tonnes)

120


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Buildings

Total Waste Generated (tonnes) 

Non-hazardous Waste

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes) 

Non-hazardous Waste - Recycling64

 

TechSQ  

61  

59  

49  

54 

50

 

TechSQ  

- 

- 

- 

-  

0.6

 

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3  

2,227  

2,819  

2,474  

2,067  

1,093

 

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3  

- 

- 

- 

-  

70.4

 

SIA Training Centre  

242  

235  

240  

251 

196

 

Total Waste Generated (tonnes)  

2,755  

3,341  

2,979  

2,587  

1,455

 

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes)  

- 

- 

-  

- 

76.9

 

SIA Supplies Centre  

225  

228  

216  

215 

116

 

SIA Supplies Centre  

- 

- 

- 

-  

0.5

WASTE (continued)

Performance Summary of Waste Generated, Diverted and Disposed of63

306-3

306-4

306-5

63 Please refer to the Appendix on page 133 for definitions and methodologies. 

64 Data on recycled waste for buildings is available from FY2019/20.

FY2015/16 

 FY2016/17 

 FY2017/18 

 FY2018/19 

 FY2019/20

 

SIA Training Centre  

- 

- 

- 

-  

5.4

121


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

WASTE (Continued)

Performance Summary of Waste Generated, Diverted and Disposed of

306-3

306-4

306-5

Total Waste Directed to Disposal (tonnes) 

Non-hazardous Waste - Waste-to-Energy (WTE) Incineration

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes) 

Non-hazardous Waste - Recycling66

 

 TechSQ  

- 

- 

- 

-  

49

 

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3  

- 

- 

- 

-  

1,023

 

Newspapers  

- 

- 

326  

239  

121

 

SIA Training Centre  

- 

- 

- 

-  

191

 

 Total Waste Directed to Disposal (tonnes)  

- 

- 

-  

- 

1,378

 

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes) 

- 

 - 

596  

507 

388

 

 SIA Supplies Centre  

- 

- 

- 

-  

115

 

65 Data on total waste generation for flight operations is presently unavailable.  

66 Data on recycled waste for flight operations was available from FY2017/18.

Buildings

FY2015/16 

 FY2016/17 

 FY2017/18 

 FY2018/19 

 FY2019/20

Flight Operations65

 

Magazines  

- 

- 

270  

268  

267

122


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



Noise

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

Aircraft engines are a major source of noise pollution, especially during the landing and take-off cycle where it can exceed 140 

decibels (dB). It is also one of the main causes of adverse community reactions during airport operations67. While inherent to the 

nature of the industry, SIA is continually exploring ways to reduce our noise pollution and the impact on local communities situated 

near the airports. 

ICAO’s international standards for aircraft noise was adopted in 1971. Since then, standards have been progressively made more 

stringent. In 2006, ICAO introduced stricter noise standard, the ICAO Annex 16, Volume 1, Chapter 4 Standards as part of its 

Balanced Approach to Aircraft Noise Management, to reduce noise at source. The continual improvements in noise certification 

standards ensure that aircraft manufacturers will continue to incorporate the latest noise reduction technology into aircraft 

designs and airlines will prioritise procuring aircraft which meets the industry standard. 

SIA seeks to minimise our noise pollution through compliance with ICAO noise standards, investments in newer and quieter 

aircraft, continuous improvements to existing fleets and adopting appropriate noise abatement procedures in the airport vicinity. 

As of FY2019/20, 100 per cent of SIA’s aircraft fleet meets the latest ICAO Chapter 4 noise standard. SIA has also ordered 20 

Boeing 777-9s, which will have up to 15 dB noise levels below Stage 4 Aircraft Noise Standards margin.

67 ICAO, “Aircraft Noise”.

other pollutants

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

ICAO sets the international standards for NOx, CO2, hydrocarbons and exhaust levels from aircraft engine emissions under  

ICAO Annex 16, Volume III. This standard is applicable to new aircraft designs as of 2020, as well as new deliveries of current  

in-production aircraft types from 2023. SIA supports the new CO2 standard set by ICAO, to meet the aviation industry’s long-term 

commitment to reduce GHG emissions. 

SIA seeks to minimise our NOx footprint through compliance with ICAO’s emissions standards for NOx. The NOx standard, 

endorsed in 2004, is applicable to new engines manufactured from 2008 and requires certification to CAEP/6 standards.  

A subsequent NOx standard, endorsed in 2010, is applicable to new engines manufactured from 2014 and requires certification 

to CAEP/8 standards. As of FY2019/20, the SIA Group’s fleet meets the 2004 ICAO CAEP/6 Emissions Standards for NOx. SIA’s 

Airbus A350s and Boeing 787s meet the CAEP/8 standards.

68 IATA, “Local Air Quality”.

of our aircraft fleet meets ICAO 

Chapter 4 noise standards

100%

of our aircraft fleet meets the 2004 ICAO 

CAEP/6 or the stricter CAEP/8 emissions 

standards for NOx

100%

The roar of an aircraft engine is a familiar sound amidst the hustle and 

bustle of a metropolis. To some, it brings fond memories of the start of an 

adventure. To others, it is an exciting holler to the remarkable feat of mankind’s 

engineering. However, excessive noise can also be detrimental to the physical 

and mental health of people and wildlife, both on land and in the skies. This is 

why managing noise pollution is important to SIA as it enables peaceful skies, 

quieter flights and a more tranquil experience for our customers. 

In addition to GHG emissions, the combustion of jet fuel also results in other 

air emissions such as nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), carbon 

monoxide (CO), unburned hydrocarbons (HC), smoke, particulate matter (PM) 

and other trace compounds that affect the local air quality. Over the years, 

improved engine designs have gradually reduced emissions of NOx and CO 

and have almost eliminated emissions of HC and smoke68. 

123




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

water

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

We recognise that the world is facing a water crisis, exacerbated 

by rapid population growth and the effects of climate change. 

Today, over two billion people live in countries experiencing high 

water stress69. In addition, over two billion people lack safely 

managed drinking water70. Within Singapore, access to a reliable 

water source has been an ongoing challenge since our founding 

days. Cognizant of this problem, water is not just a resource 

we take for granted at SIA. It is a basic human right we seek to 

safeguard for our future generations. 

69 United Nations, “Water Scarcity”.  

70 World Health Organisation, “Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene Monitoring”.

SIA’s Approach to Water Conservation

The majority of water usage in SIA’s buildings relates to the use of water for air-conditioning and sanitary 

appliances. As such, most of our water management initiatives relates to the reduction of water usage 

through water-saving devices and the harvesting of rainwater. Water used at SIA’s buildings are mainly 

provided by the Public Utilities Board (PUB) of Singapore. No industrial effluents are generated from our 

commercial activities and all waste water from sanitary and washing are discharged to government-operated 

water reclamation plants for treatment. Surface water is channelled to open drains and processed at the 

Government Water Treatment Plant.

In line with MEWR’s Clean Water Policy, SIA strives towards continual improvement of water management 

and more efficient usage of water across our buildings. In FY2019/20, SIA implemented several water 

conservation and improvement initiatives which include:

• Harvesting rainwater for flushing purposes and watering of external landscape. Rainwater harvested is

equivalent to 46 per cent of total non-potable water demand for Airline House. SIA is also exploring the

implementation of this initiative for the SIA Training Centre

• Exploring the harvesting of ground water to potentially replace approximately 42 per cent of Airline

House’s non-potable water demand

• Exploring the recycling of condensate water from air-conditioning units for cooling towers to reduce water

withdrawal

• Installing water saving taps and foam soap dispensers in our washrooms

• Displaying educational posters provided by PUB in shower rooms and public hand wash areas in the

canteen to encourage water conservation

• Conducting regular water audits and submission of water efficiency management plan to the PUB annually

• Partnering a leading waste management contractor for wastewater treatment for the aircraft maintenance

activities in our hangars

SIA will progressively replace the current sanitary wares to sensor types in our upcoming toilet renovations to 

minimise water wastage. The project is expected to begin in 2021.

rain water conserved per month as a result 

of rain water harvesting efforts

1,350m3

Approximately

303-1

303-2

124


0.10

0.20

0.30

0.40

0.50

0.60

0.70

0

50,000

0

100,000

150,000

200,000

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

water (continued)

Performance of SIA’s Buildings and Offices71

Water withdrawn from our buildings and offices increased by 6.3 per cent from 160,838 m3 in FY2018/19 to 171,042 m3 in FY2019/20. 

Water intensity figures also saw an increase by 6.3 per cent from 0.64m3/m2 in FY2018/19 to 0.68m3/m2 in FY2019/20. The increase in 

water consumption and water intensity was due to an increase in maintenance activities by SIAEC at Hangar 1.

71 Please refer to the Appendix on pages 133 for definitions and methodologies.  

72 Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Training Centre, SIA Supplies Centre and TechSQ) and Hangars 1, 2 and 3, which are under SIAEC’s operational control. Data for Hangar 1, 2 and 3 are included as data could not be segregated.

Water  

Withdrawal (m3)

Water Intensity  

(m3/m2)

Performance Summary of Water72

303-3

Water Withdrawal,  

by Source

Water  

Intensity

 

Tap Water (m3)  

116,497  

114,822 

102,664  

123,171  

131,614

 

Water Intensity (m3/m2) 

0.66  

0.60  

0.55  

0.64 

0.68

 

Rain Water (m3)  

27,112  

19,844  

15,026  

17,888 

18,568

 

NEWater (m3)  

21,734  

15,111  

21,027  

19,779  

20,859

 

Total Water Withdrawal (m3) 

165,343  

149,777  

138,717  

160,838 

171,042

Tap Water

Rain Water

NEWater

Water Intensity

116,497

27,112

21,734

0.66

114,822

19,844

15,111

0.60

102,664

15,026

21,027

0.55

123,171

17,888

19,779

0.64

131,614

18,568

20,859

0.68

FY2015/16

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

Buildings and Offices

FY2015/16 

FY2016/17 

FY2017/18 

FY2018/19 

 FY2019/20

125


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES





Biodiversity

Forests cover approximately four billion 

hectares or 31 per cent of the world’s land 

area. They play a huge role in regulating the 

atmospheric water-cycle and in combating 

climate change. Forests are home to more 

than 80 per cent of the Earth’s terrestrial 

biodiversity. Around 1.6 billion people depend 

on them for their livelihood. Yet, deforestation 

continues to occur at an alarming rate of 

approximately 10 million hectares per year 

between 2015 and 202073. Today, the United 

Nations estimates that over a million animal 

and plant species are threatened with 

extinction74, largely driven by anthropogenic 

environmental degradation and destruction.

The Harapan Rainforest Initiative

SIA recognises that preserving our connection with nature is key to 

sustainable development. We must collaborate with our stakeholders to 

protect, restore, and revitalise nature. Since 2010, we have been involved 

in forest conservation by being the exclusive airline partner for the  

large-scale green initiative in Hutan Harapan, aimed at protecting one of 

the world’s most threatened and biodiverse ecosystems. 

The Harapan Rainforest Initiative, also known as Hutan Harapan, 

is an ecosystem restoration concession covering more than 98,555 

hectares of lowland tropical rainforest in Sumatra, Indonesia. The area 

is rich in biodiversity and remains an important habitat for over 1,350 

documented animal species, including the critically endangered Sumatran 

tiger and Sumatran elephant, as categorised by the IUCN Red List. 

This initiative is driven by a consortium of three organisations, namely 

Burung Indonesia, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds 

(RSPB) and BirdLife International (BLI). With strong support from the 

Government of Indonesia, the Harapan Rainforest Initiative was able to 

continually expand its biodiversity efforts and support the indigenous 

communities, among other initiatives. Some of the key developments and 

outcomes from Hutan Harapan in FY2019/20 are highlighted in  

this section.

Forest Restoration

In 2019, the severe dry season in Indonesia resulted in longstanding 

forest fires, which escalated to a state of emergency in six provinces, 

including South Sumatra and Jambi, where Hutan Harapan is situated. 

The raging forest fires lasted from July to October 2019, affecting a total 

of 12,700 hectares of land in Hutan Harapan. 

In the restoration phase, the Hutan Harapan team swiftly embarked on 

several initiatives to support the restoration of forests and habitats. 

Various technologies such as geographical information systems, 

drones and cyber-trackers were deployed to assess the damage. The 

data derived from these platforms helped to determine the type of 

rehabilitation and restoration techniques required. 

Replantation efforts have already begun in the south-eastern part of 

Hutan Harapan, particularly the 260 hectares of forests in Sungei Jerat, 

which was one of the most severely fire-damaged areas. A variety of 

multipurpose trees were planted, including agarwood, durian, jelutung, 

jengkol, and rubber. Natural wood trees such as bulian and meranti will 

be planted in the future. With a forward-looking strategy, a nursery has 

been established to supply the seedlings needed for replantation. 

To help the Batin Sembilan indigenous peoples resume their nomadic and 

semi-nomadic lifestyles as soon as possible, a team from Batin Sembilan 

has joined hands with the Hutan Harapan staff to secure the burnt areas 

and bolster the forest restoration strategy.

Agroforestry Programme

As both biodiversity and community livelihoods protection are integral to ecosystem restoration activities, 

agroforestry has been implemented within Hutan Harapan to meet a variety of needs. This 10-year 

agroforestry plan has been the mainstay of Hutan Harapan’s work with the Batin Sembilan indigenous 

people and other groups surrounding Hutan Harapan. Such land use farming practice involves the deliberate 

integration of trees, agricultural crops and/or animals on the same land management unit. 

Rubber tree-based agroforestry was implemented in Hutan Harapan, where rubber exists as the main crop 

planted alongside fast growing intercrops. Another tree crop planted is agarwood, which has high cultural value 

and is one of the most expensive woods in the world. Agarwood is also known for its medicinal properties and 

commercial applications such as the conversion of its resin into essential oils.

Agroforestry has been a leading agricultural practice due to its positive environmental, economic and social 

impacts. Through the integration of agricultural and forestry systems, Hutan Harapan seeks to achieve the 

following objectives:

• Protect the environment by maintaining biodiversity and environmental services such as carbon sequestration

• Improve soil quality and land productivity

• Protect livelihood security of the local communities

• Increase production of raw materials for commercial purposes

trees planted as part of the  

agroforestry plan in 

FY2019/20

3,718

73 FAO and UNEP, “The State of the World’s Forests 2020: Forests, biodiversity and people”.  

74 PBES, “Summary for policymakers of the global assessment report on biodiversity and ecosystem services of the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services”.

PR-8

304-3

trees replanted under the Harapan 

Rainforest Initiative, with 260 

hectares of forest restored

2,787

Image courtesy of BirdLife International 

Image courtesy of BirdLife International 

126




Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Biodiversity (continued)

Sustainable Rubber

In FY2019/20, several initiatives were carried out at Hutan Harpan to 

facilitate sustainable harvesting of rubber to achieve zero net deforestation 

while benefiting local businesses. This includes the direct sourcing of 

sustainably produced natural rubber by Halcyon Agri’s local processor 

in Jambi from the communities living in and around Hutan Harapan. 

Communities are provided guidance on how rubber is priced daily and trained 

on improving the quality, or dry rubber content, of tapped rubber. 

This not only improved productivity of the local rubber plantations, but also 

boosted the morale of the local farmers significantly. As a result, local farmers 

increased their monthly delivery of rubber from two tonnes to four tonnes 

in FY2019/20. Moving forward, the Hutan Harapan team seeks to conduct 

more capacity-building progammes relating to sustainable rubber cultivation 

and help the locals improve the quality and yield of rubber produced. 

Sustainable Honey

The sialang tree is a majestic and iconic tree that grows in lowland tropical 

rainforests in South East Asia. Growing as tall as 80 metres, it is one of the 

tallest tree species in the forest. These trees are home to the Asian giant 

honey bees, with a single tree housing as many as 50 bee hives. 

Local communities depend on the collection of sialang honey as a source of 

income. Traditional harvesting methods have not always been sustainable 

because fire was often used to drive bees out of their hives for harvest. This 

resulted in long periods of hive regeneration that led to honey scarcity. In a 

bid to achieve sustainable procurement, 15 local honey handlers received 

sustainable hive harvest training from the Honey Farmer’s group located in 

Riau, with the support of Hutan Harapan. 

In FY2019/20, the Hutan Harapan team facilitated an increase in the 

quality of honey by introducing processing standards in the local supply 

chain. Looking forward, the local team continuously strives to improve 

the honey supply chain so that it betters communities and protects the 

environment.

Biodiversity Education

Public awareness and education are important elements of ecosystem restoration in Hutan Harapan. In September 2019, the Hutan Harapan team supported a community outreach 

programme for a group of junior and senior high school students from AI Azhar Jambi. As part of this outreach programme, the students interacted with the local Batin Sembilan children 

and learnt more about the Harapan Hutan ecosystem restoration activities. This initiative not only increased the student’s understanding of the livelihoods and circumstances of the Batin 

Sembilan children, but also resulted in them appreciating the environment and having a better understanding of the consequences of encroachment and forest fires.

students participated in 

the outreach programme in 

FY2019/20

75

local farmers trained  

on sustainable rubber cultivation 

and tapping in FY2019/20

25

Image courtesy of BirdLife International 

127


0

20

40

60

80

100

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Biodiversity (continued)

Buckingham Palace 

Declaration

Wildlife crime is a billion-dollar business 

and is ranked the fourth most lucrative 

illegal trade after drugs, counterfeit 

and human trafficking. Over the years, 

increasing transport connectivity across 

the world has led to the rapid expansion 

of wildlife trade globally, threatening 

the survival of many wildlife species. 

Recognising this, the United for Wildlife 

Transport Taskforce was established in 

2014 to facilitate the transport sector 

examining its role in the illegal wildlife 

trade and to break the illegal wildlife 

trade chains. On 15 March 2016, the 

United for Wildlife Transport Taskforce 

member organisations signed up to 

recommendations developed over 12 

months, with the first ever signing of a 

declaration at Buckingham Palace. 

The Buckingham Palace Declaration is 

a landmark agreement committed to 

take real steps to shut down the routes 

exploited by traffickers of the illegal 

wildlife trade moving their products. 

The declaration takes steps to remove 

the vulnerabilities in transportation and 

customs to tackle the criminals currently 

exploiting them. The Declaration contains 

11 commitments to raise standards 

across the transportation industry with 

a focus on information sharing, staff 

training, technological improvements, 

and resource sharing with companies and 

organisations around the world. 

Today, with more than 100 signatories, of 

which more than 50 are airlines including 

Singapore Airlines and SilkAir, we have 

pledged to do our part to combat illegal 

wildlife trade through the signing of the 

Buckingham Palace Declaration.

CASE STUDY 

DOING OUR PART TO PREVENT ILLEGAL 

WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING

On 28 May 2019, SIA collaborated with CAG to organise a half-day workshop to 

educate our employees on llegal Wildlife Trafficking (IWT). This workshop was 

attended by over 40 attendees from SIA, CAG, other airlines and stakeholders. 

The session focused on four key modules, known as the Four ROUTES (Reducing 

Opportunities for Unlawful Transport of Endangered Species), and was led by Ms 

Renee Yee from TRAFFIC75, Southeast Asia. The four modules covered wildlife 

trafficking, wildlife trafficking in airlines, ways in which wildlife can be smuggled 

through airports and responsive measures in the occasion of a suspected incidence of 

wildlife smuggling. 

As a result of this workshop, attendees learnt more about illegal wildlife trafficking 

and the risks it can pose to the aviation industry, as shown in the post-workshop 

evaluation responses.

75 TRAFFIC is a non-governmental organisation working globally on trade in wild animals and plants in the context of both biodiversity conservation and sustainable development.

Participants’ Knowledge on IWT Pre- and Post-workshop

Participants are 

aware that wildlife 

trafficking poses a 

risk to the aviation 

industry

Percentage of 

Participants 

(%)

Participants are 

aware of how 

traffickers try to 

move wildlife through 

an airport

Post-workshop

Pre-workshop

Participants are 

aware of how to 

identify wildlife 

traffickers

Participants are 

aware of who to 

contact when try spot 

wildlife trafficking 

activities



A suitcase depicting how illegal wildlife products are trafficked

Percentage change

+38

+53

+88

+78

59

97

37

90

7

95

22

100

128


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

List Of Key Abbreviations And Acronyms

AAMP 

Airline Alcohol Management Programme

AAPA 

Association of Asia Pacific Airlines

AATP 

Airport Alcohol Testing Programme

AC 

Audit Committee

ACSP 

Air Carrier Security Program

AESU 

Air Transport Executive Staff Union

AG 

American Gallon

AGM  

Annual General Meeting

ALH 

Airline House

ALPA-S 

Air Line Pilots Association Singapore

ANR 

Air Navigation Regulations

AOC 

Air Operator Certificate

APP 

Arson Prevention Plan

ASC 

Air Safety Committee

ASK  

Available seat-kilometres

ATM 

Air Traffic Management

BCIRC 

Board Compensation and Industrial Relations  

 

Committee

BEST 

Beyond Excellence Service through Technology

BLI 

BirdLife International

BSRC 

Board Safety and Risk Committee

CA 

Customer Affairs

CAAS 

Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore

CAG 

Changi Airport Group

CAM 

Crew Administration Manual

CCM 

Cabin Crew Division Manual

CCSM 

Cabin Crew Safety Manual

CCSMSM 

Cabin Crew Safety Management System Manual

CERT 

Company Emergency Response Team

CETSC 

Customer Experience, Technology and  

 

 

Sustainability Committee

CFSM 

Corporate Flight Safety Management and«  

 

Procedures Manual

CMG  

Crisis Management Group

CMM 

Crisis Management Manual

CO2 

Carbon dioxide

CO2e 

Carbon dioxide equivalent

CO 

Carbon monoxide

COP 

Communication on Progress

COQM 

Corporate Operational Quality (Safety) Manual

COQMR 

Corporate Operational Quality Management Review

CORSIA 

Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for  

 

International Aviation

CPR 

Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation

CQM 

Cargo Quality Manual

CSI 

Cabin Safety Instructions

CSM 

Cargo Safety Manual

CSO 

Cabin Operation Safety

CSR 

Corporate Social Responsibility

CTC 

Company Training Committee

eCCVR 

Electronic Cabin Crew Voyage Report

EDB 

Economic Development Board (Singapore)

ERP 

Emergency Response Plan

ESG 

Environmental, Social, Governance

ETF 

Engine Testing Facility

EXCO 

Board Executive Committee

FDAP 

Flight Data Analysis Programme

FEP 

Fire Emergency Plan

FOQM 

Flight Operations Quality Manual

FRM  

Fatigue Risk Management

FSM 

Fire Safety Manager

FSPM 

Flight Security Procedures Manual

GHG  

Greenhouse gas

GRCMC 

SIA Group Risk and Compliance Management   

 

Committee

GRI 

Global Reporting Initiative

GRIP 

Ground Ramp Incident Prevention

GSM 

Ground Services Manual

GSQM 

Ground Services Quality Manual

ha 

Hectare

HACCP 

Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points

HC 

Hydrocarbons

HEFA 

Hydro-processed Esters and Fatty Acids

IATA 

International Air Transport Association

ICAO 

International Civil Aviation Organisation

IFE 

In-flight Entertainment

ILO  

International Labour Organisation

IOSA  

IATA Operational Safety Audit

IPCC 

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

ISO 

International Organisation for Standardisation

kg 

kilogrammes 

kWh 

Kilowatt-hour

L 

Litre

LOSA  

Line Operations Safety Audit

LTK 

Load tonne-kilometre

m2  

Square metre

m3 

Cubic metre

MBM 

Market-Based Measure

MC 

Management Committee

MEWR 

Ministry of the Environment and Water  

 

 

Resources (Singapore)

MINDS 

Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of  

 

Singapore

MOM 

Ministry of Manpower (Singapore)

MRV  

Monitoring, Reporting and Verification

MSF 

Ministry of Social and Family Development   

 

(Singapore)

MSG 

Monosodium Glutamate

MWh 

Megawatt-hour

NC  

Board Nominating Committee

NEA 

National Environment Agency (Singapore)

NETF 

NTUC Education and Training Fund

NOx 

Nitrogen oxides

OCS 

Organisational Climate Survey

OEM 

Original Equipment Manufacturer

OHSMS 

Occupational Health and Safety Management  

 

System

OSHE 

Occupational Safety, Health and Environment  

 

Committee

PM 

Particulate matter

PPE 

Personal Protective Equipment

PSM 

Premises Security Manual

PUB 

Public Utilities Board

QAR 

Quick Access Recorders

QMS 

Quality Management System

RCMC 

Risk and Compliance Management Committee

RDF 

Refuse Derived Fuels

RM 

Risk Management 

RSPB 

Royal Society for the Protection of Birds

SAF 

Sustainable Aviation Fuel

SAFUG 

Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users Group

SAG 

Safety Action Groups

SC 

SIA Supplies Centre

SCDF 

Singapore Civil Defence Force

SDG 

Sustainable Development Goals

SEMS 

Security Management System

SEPM 

Safety and Emergency Procedures Manual

SESM 

Security Management System Manual

SFA  

Singapore Food Agency

SGX 

Singapore Exchange

SGXNet  

Singapore Exchange Net

SIAEC 

Singapore Airlines Engineering Company

SIAMCM  

SIA Maintenance Control Manual

SIAOCC  

SIA Operations Control Centre

SIASU  

Singapore Airlines Staff Union

SID 

Singapore Institute of Directors

SMS 

Safety Management System

SO  

Sustainability Office

SOx 

Sulphur oxides

SSC  

Sustainability Steering Committee

SSO  

Social Service Office

SSQ 

Safety, Security and Quality

SSQ GSM 

Ground Safety Manual

SSQ QM  

Quality Manual

SSW  

Safety and Security Week

SSWC 

Sustainability Strategic Working Committee

STC 

SIA Training Centre

TJ  

Terajoules

TLC 

The LOSA Collaborative

TSQ 

TechSQ

UN  

United Nations

UNEP 

United Nations Environment Programme

VRS  

Voyage Report System

WHO  

World Health Organisation

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

129


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Mode of 

Narration

Throughout this Sustainability Report, “Singapore Airlines”, “SIA”, “we”, “us” and “our” are 

generally used to make reference to Singapore Airlines Limited (the Company) and its 

employees, unless otherwise stated. The term “Parent Airline Company” refers to “Singapore 

Airlines”, unless the context otherwise requires. “SIA Group” is used to make reference to 

Singapore Airlines Limited and its subsidiaries and employees, unless otherwise stated.

The companies in which Singapore Airlines Limited directly and indirectly owns investments 

are separate legal entities. More information on the SIA Group, including its corporate 

structure and subsidiary information, can be found in the FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report.

Reporting 

Scope

All sustainability data and information presented in our report primarily relates to three of 

our reportable businesses – Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. 

The sustainability data and information relating to SIA Engineering Company (SIAEC) is 

disclosed separately in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our subsidiary.

More information on our reportable businesses can be found in the FY2019/20 SIA 

Annual Report.

More information on the boundary for key social and environmental data can be found on 

pages 131 and 132 to 133 respectively. 

Future-looking 

Statements

Aside from statements of historical fact, this Sustainability Report contains statements that 

are future-looking in nature relating to SIA’s sustainability management approach. These are 

identified by terms and phrases such as “aim”, “ambition”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, 

“expect”, “goal”, “maintain”, “objective”, “plan”, “seek” and “target” and could also be expressed 

by way of future or conditional verbs such as “could”, “should”, “would”. These statements 

are based on assumptions and expectations at the time of publication, and are subject to 

risks and uncertainties determined by factors beyond the control of SIA. As we operate in 

a continually changing environment, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 

forward-looking statements.

Passenger 

Operations

Cargo 

Operations

Overall 

Operations

Revenue passenger-km:

Available seat-km:

Passenger load factor:

Passenger yield:

Revenue per available seat-km:

Passenger unit cost:

Number of passengers carried multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Number of available seats multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Revenue passenger-km expressed as a percentage of available seat-km

Passenger revenue from scheduled services divided by revenue passenger-km

Passenger revenue from scheduled services divided by available seat-km

Passenger operating expenditure divided by available seat-km

Cargo load:

Gross capacity:

Cargo load factor:

Cargo yield:

Cargo unit cost:

Cargo and mail load carried (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Cargo capacity production (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Cargo and mail load (in tonne-km) expressed as a percentage of gross capacity (in tonne-km)

Cargo and mail revenue from scheduled services divided by cargo load (in tonne-km)

Cargo operating expenditure divided by gross capacity (in tonne-km)

Overall load:

Overall capacity:

Overall load factor:

Overall yield:

Overall unit cost:

Passenger, cargo and mail load carried (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Passenger and cargo capacity production (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)  

Overall load (in tonne-km) expressed as a percentage of overall capacity (in tonne-km)  

Passenger, cargo and mail flown revenue from scheduled services divided by overall load (in tonne-km)  

Operating expenditure divided by overall capacity  

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

General

Operating Statistics

130


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

New Hires 

and Turnover

 

●

New hires: Employees who joined the organisation during the financial year.

 

●

New hire rate: Number of new hires over number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by 

the respective demographic cuts (e.g. new hire rate for employees &lt;30 yo is computed by number of new hires (&lt;30 yo) over 

number of employees (&lt;30 yo), expressed as a percentage).

 

●

Turnover: Employees who left the organisation during the financial year. 

 

●

Turnover rate: Number of turnover over number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the 

respective demographic cuts (e.g. turnover rate for males is computed by number of turnover (males) over number of 

employees (males), expressed as a percentage).

Parental 

Leave

Leave granted to male and female employees on the grounds of the birth of a child.

 

●

Return to work rate: Number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended, over number of employees 

who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

 

●

Retention rate: Number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended and who were still employed 12 

months after their return to work, over number of employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (continued)

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

Employees

Safety

Aircraft 

Incident

 

●

Incident: An occurrence, other than an accident, associated with the operation of an aircraft, which affects or could affect 

the safety of operation.

 

●

Serious incident: An incident involving circumstances indicating that there was a high probability of an accident and 

associated with the operation of an aircraft which, in the case of a manned aircraft, takes place between the time any 

person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until such time as all such persons have disembarked.

These definitions are based on ICAO Annex 13, Aircraft Accident and Incident Investigation.

Training Day

A day used for staff learning and development.

 

●

Average training days: Number of training days attended by employees, divided by number of employees. This can 

be computed by the respective demographic cuts (e.g. average number of training days for cabin crew is computed by 

number of training days attended by cabin crew over the number of cabin crew, expressed as a percentage).

Man Hours 

Worked

Total scheduled number of hours worked by employees during the year in review, as at 31 March.

Work-related 

Fatality

Death arising from an injury or ill health sustained while performing work that is controlled by the organisation or that is 

being performed in a workplace controlled by the organisation. Data reported relates to employees and workers who are 

non-employees (scoped to key contractors only).

Work-related 

Injury and Ill 

Health

Negative impact on health arising from exposure to hazards at work. Data reported relates to employees and workers who 

are non-employees (scoped to key contractors only).

 

●

Recordable work-related injury: A work-related injury that results in any of the following: death, hospitalisation for at 

least 24 hours, more than three days of medical leave from work (whether consecutive or not). Likewise for cabin crew, we 

record a work-related injury should our cabin crew be issued medical leave for four days or more (whether consecutive or not) 

for the related or same injury.

 

●

Recordable high consequence work-related injury: A work-related injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from 

which the individual cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within six months.

This definition is based on GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018.

 

●

Recordable work-related ill health: A work-related ill health (including diseases, illnesses and disorders) that is 

contracted.

The coverage is based on the occupational diseases under Singapore’s Workplace Safety and Health Act or Work Injury Compensation Act.

The respective rates are calculated per million man hours worked.

Work-related 

Injury Types

Incident types reported include the following main categories: caught in between objects; cut or stabbed by objects; 

exposure to electric current; exposure to extreme temperatures; over-exertion or strenuous movements; slips, trips and 

falls; strike against objects; struck by falling objects; struck by moving objects.

This is based on Singapore’s Ministry of Manpower major and minor injury incident types.

Hazard

Any source or any situation with the potential to cause bodily injury or ill health in the workplace.

This definition is based on the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Guidelines on Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems.

Employee

 

●

Employee: An individual who is in an employment relationship with the organisation. All employee data relates 

to the financial year’s headcount as at 31 March.

 

●

Worker who is a non-employee: An individual whose work, or workplace, is controlled by the organisation. This 

Sustainability Report has scoped to include key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, warehouse 

operations), unless otherwise stated.

Employee 

Category

Breakdown of employees by function and level, in line with our human resources system. Throughout this Sustainability 

Report, this includes a breakdown by function (i.e. Ground Staff, Cabin Crew and Pilots) and level for Ground Staff (i.e. 

Associates, Executives, Managers and above).

131


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Energy 

Consumption 

Within the 

Organisation

Total energy consumption, within the stated organisational boundary below.

 

●

Fuel consumption: Total fuel consumed within the organisation, expressed in American gallons (AG), joules or multiples. 

Unless otherwise stated, this relates to jet fuel consumption of SIA’s passenger and freighter aircraft fleet; diesel or petrol 

consumption of ground support vehicles and equipment*.

 

●

Electricity consumption: Total electricity consumed within the organisation, expressed in watt-hours, joules or multiples. 

Unless otherwise stated, this relates to the purchased electricity consumption of SIA’s four buildings – Airline House 

(ALH), SIA Supplies Centre (SC), SIA Training Centre (STC), TechSQ (TSQ), and offices*.

*For this FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report, we refined our reporting boundary to focus on three of our reportable businesses – 

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. The sustainability data and information relating to SIAEC is 

disclosed separately in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our subsidiary. Data and information have been restated 

accordingly for past reporting cycles (FY2015/16, FY2016/17, FY2017/18 and FY2018/19).

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG)

Emissions

Gas that contributes to the greenhouse effect by absorbing infrared radiation.

The GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard was adopted. SIA accounts for GHG emissions using the 

operational control criteria and reports its direct (Scope 1) and electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions.

 

●

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions: Direct GHG emissions occur from sources that are owned or controlled by SIA, expressed in 

kilograms of carbon dioxide (kgCO2), kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalents (kgCO2e), or multiples. These include emissions 

from fuel consumption in owned or controlled vehicles aforementioned. Emissions factors used are as follows:

Emissions 

Source

Emissions 

Factor

 

●

2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories

tonnes CO2/tonne of 

jet fuel

tonnes CO2e / TJ

tonnes CO2e / TJ

3.15

70.92

75.24

 

●

2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories 

 

●

2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5)

 

●

2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories

 

●

2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5)

The 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories provide methodologies for estimating national 

inventories of anthropogenic GHG emissions by sources.

For jet fuel, CO2 was included in the GHG calculation. Direct GHG emissions were calculated using the net calorific value and 

default emissions factor from the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. The emissions factor of 

3.15 tonnes CO2/tonne of jet fuel is also the internationally recognised constant representing the amount of CO2 produced 

from combustion of a tonne of aviation fuel.

For motor gasoline and diesel oil, CO2, methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O) were included in the GHG calculation. Direct 

GHG emissions were calculated using default emissions factors from the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse 

Gas Inventories and the respective global warming potential (GWP) on a 100-year time horizon from the 2014 IPCC Fifth 

Assessment Report.

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG)

Emissions

(continued)

 

●

Electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions: Indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity 

consumed by SIA’s buildings (total gross floor area) and offices (total leased area) aforementioned, expressed in kilograms 

of carbon dioxide (kgCO2) or multiples. It excludes purchased electricity at Scoot’s offices due to the unavailability of data. 

These emissions physically occur at the facilities where electricity is generated.  

A location-based method was adopted to reflect the average emissions intensity of the national grid on which energy 

consumption occurs. For consistency, the grid emissions factor (GEF) used for the reporting year was sourced from the latest 

published factor at time of publication from the Singapore Energy Statistics (SES), the Energy Market Authority’s (EMA) 

annual publication on energy statistics in Singapore.

Emission 

Source

SIA’s Reporting 

Year

References

Electricity Generation 

(Singapore grid)

FY2019/20  

0.4188  

kgCO2 /kWh  

EMA, Singapore GEF 2018

FY2018/19  

0.4192  

kgCO2 /kWh  

EMA, Singapore GEF 2017

FY2017/18 

0.4237  

kgCO2 /kWh  

EMA, Singapore GEF 2016

FY2016/17 

0.4224  

kgCO2 /kWh  

EMA, Singapore GEF 2015

FY2015/16  

0.4277  

kgCO2/kWh  

EMA, Singapore GEF 2014

Emissions 

Factor

EMA’s methodologies for the compilation of the GEF are based on the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 

Change (UNFCCC) Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) Methodological Tool. The GEF measures the average CO2 

emissions emitted per unit net electricity generated. It is calculated using the Average Operating Margin (OM) method, the 

generation-weighted average CO2 emissions per unit of net electricity generation of all generating power plants serving the 

electricity grid (Source: EMA).

 

●

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions: Other indirect GHG emissions that are a consequence of  SIA’s activities, but 

occur from sources that are not owned or controlled by SIA. This is presently not reported. SIA will be identifying and 

may be reporting on its indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in future reporting periods.

Intensity 

Ratios

Intensity ratios define resource consumption or emissions in the context of a specific metric.

 

●

Flight operations: Fuel productivity is expressed in load tonne-kilometre per American gallon (LTK/AG). Direct (Scope 1) 

GHG emissions intensity is expressed in kilograms of carbon dioxide per load tonne-kilometre (kgCO2/LTK) or multiples.

 

●

Buildings and offices: Electricity intensity is expressed in kilowatt-hours per square metre (kWh/m2) or multiples. 

Electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions intensity is expressed in kilograms of carbon dioxide per square metre 

(kgCO2/m2) or multiples. Water intensity is expressed in cubic metres per square metres (m3/ m2).

Unit

References

Unit

Motor 

Gasoline 

(mobile)

Diesel Oil 

(mobile) 

Jet Fuel 

(mobile)

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (continued)

Environment

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

132


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

Water 

Withdrawal

Total water drawn for the organisation’s use, expressed in cubic metre (m3) or multiples, within the stated organisational 

boundary below*.

 

●

Third-party Water: Defined as water drawn from a third-party. In Singapore, water is sourced from the Public Utilities  

Board (PUB). Data is broken down by tap water and NEWater.

 

●

Surface Water: Defined as water that occurs naturally on the Earth’s surface. This includes rain water harvested.

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (continued)

Environment

SIA’s four buildings (ALH, SC, 

STC, TSQ) and offices

 

●

Includes SIAEC’s water 

withdrawal at Hangar 1, as 

data could not be segregated

 

●

Excludes water withdrawal 

at Scoot’s offices due to the 

unavailability of data

(1) Tap Water

Singapore’s national tap water supply 

comprises a mix of four sources – (i) water 

from local catchment, (ii) imported water, (iii) 

desalinated water and (iv) NEWater*

*During dry periods, NEWater is added to Singapore’s 

reservoirs to blend with raw water. The raw water from 

the reservoir is treated at the waterworks before it is 

supplied to consumers as tap water.

Third-party 

Water

SIA’s building (STC)

(2) NEWater

NEWater is high-grade reclaimed water 

produced from treated used water that is 

further purified using advanced membrane 

technologies and ultra-violet disinfection. 

As it is ultra-clean, it is mainly used for 

airconditioning cooling purposes at SIA’s 

buildings. NEWater is delivered to SIA via a 

dedicated pipe network.

SIA’s building (ALH)

(3) Rain Water 

       Harvested

Collection and storing of rain water from 

surfaces on which rain falls.

*For this FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report, we refined our reporting boundary to focus on three of our reportable businesses – 

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. The sustainability data and information relating to SIAEC is disclosed 

separately in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our subsidiary. Data and information have been restated accordingly for 

past reporting cycles (FY2015/16, FY2016/17, FY2017/18 and FY2018/19).

Category

Source 

Details

Boundary*

Surface 

Water

 

●

Waste: Anything that the holder discards, intends to discard, or is required to discard, expressed in kilograms (kg) or multiples, 

within the stated organisational boundary

This definition is based on the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary 

Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, 1989.

 

●

Waste Directed to Disposal: Any operation which is not recovery, even where the operation has, as a secondary consequence, 

the recovery of energy. It is the end-of-life management of discarded products, materials, and resources in a sink or through a chemical or 

thermal transformation that makes these products, materials, and resources unavailable for further use (e.g. incineration with or without 

energy recovery, landfilling).

This definition is based on the European Union (EU), Waste Framework Directive, 2008.

 

●

Waste Diverted from Disposal: Any operation wherein products, components of products, or materials that have become waste 

are prepared to fulfil a purpose in place of new products, components, or materials that would otherwise have been used for that 

purpose (e.g. reuse, recycling).

This definition is based on the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary 

Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, 1989.

Waste

SIA’s four buildings (ALH, SC, STC, TSQ) 

 

●

Includes SIAEC’s waste disposal from 

Hangars 1, 2 and 3, as data could not be 

segregated

 

●

Excludes waste disposal at Scoot’s 

offices due to data unavailability

 

●

Excludes waste disposal from SIA’s 

offices and cabin waste from passenger 

aircraft fleet due to unavailability 

of data

Waste-to -energy 

(WTE) 

Incineration

In Singapore, licensed waste contractors 

transport incinerable waste to the 

WTE plants for incineration. Heat from 

combustion generates superheated 

steam in boilers, and the steam drives 

turbo generators to produce electricity. 

Ferrous scrap metal contained in the ash 

is recovered and recycled. Ash is sent for 

disposal at the offshore Semakau Landfill.

Waste 

Directed 

to 

Disposal

Recycling

Recycling is the reprocessing of products or 

components of products that have become 

waste, to make new materials. At our buildings, 

recyclables are broken down by paper, plastic, 

ferrous metal and glass. For cabin waste from 

passenger fleets, recyclables are broken down 

by newspapers, and magazines.

Category

Operation

Details

Boundary*

*For this FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report, we refined our reporting boundary to focus on three of our reportable businesses – Singapore 

Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. The sustainability data and information relating to SIAEC is disclosed separately in 

SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our subsidiary. Data and information have been restated accordingly for past reporting 

cycles (FY2015/16, FY2016/17, FY2017/18 and FY2018/19).

SIA’s four buildings (ALH, SC, STC TSQ) and 

cabin waste from flight operations

 

●

Includes SIAEC’s waste disposal from 

Hangars 1, 2 and 3, as data could not be 

segregated

Waste 

Diverted 

From 

Disposal

These definitions are based on GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018.

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

133


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

GRI CONTENT INDEX

The GRI Content Index has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. It summarises the GRI Standards Disclosures we have selected for reporting and directs readers 

to the appropriate references in this Sustainability Report and other publicly available resources published by SIA. The full GRI Standards is available on the GRI website.

References:  

AR: FY2019/20 SIA Annual Report SR: FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report           

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

Singapore Airlines Limited 

-

 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services  

SR: 3-7  

-

 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

SR: Back Cover  

-

 

102-4 Location of operations  

SR: 5 

-

 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

AR: 120, 152, 214-215  

-

 

102-6 Markets served  

SR: 5  

-

 

102-7 Scale of the organisation  

SR: 5, 7, 30 AR: 109-119,140-144 

-

 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

SR: 29-35  

-

 

102-9 Supply chain  

SR: 76-84  

-

 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain  

SR: 6, 10-12, 85 AR: 8-15, 112-117 

-

 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

SR: 22-24, 54, 101 AR: 64-65, 81-84 

-

 

102-12 External initiatives  

SR: 2, 15  

-

 

102-13 Membership of associations  

SR: 4  

-

 

102-26 Role of the highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy  

SR: 13, 19 AR: 66, 69-71 

-

 

102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes  

SR: 22-23 AR: 81-84  

-

 

102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics  

SR: 13  

-

 

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting  

SR: 13-14  

-

 

102-33 Communicating critical concerns  

AR: 84-85  

-

 

102-35 Remuneration policies  

AR: 72-80  

-

 

102-36 Process for determining remuneration  

AR: 72-80  

-

 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups  

SR: 15  

-

 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements  

SR: 38  

-

 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

SR: 14-15  

-

 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement  

SR:  10-12, 18, 28, 47, 61, 75, 86, 93, 100, 126-128  

-

 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  

SR: 10-12, 14-15, 24  

-

 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements  

SR: 3 AR: 168-176, 207 

-

 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries  

SR: 14, 130-133  

-

 

102-47 List of material topics  

SR: 15  

-

 

102-48 Restatement of information  

SR: 132-133  

-

 

102-49 Changes in reporting  

SR: 132-133  

-

 

102-50 Reporting period  

SR: 3  

-

 

102-51 Date of most recent report  

SR: 3  

-

 

102-52 Reporting cycle  

SR: 3  

-

 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report  

SR: Back Cover  

-

 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards  

SR: 2  

-

 

102-55 GRI content index  

SR: 134-146  

-

 

102-56 External assurance  

SR: 3  

-

 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker  

SR: 1, 13 

-

 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior  

SR: 2, 25-27  

-

 

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics  

SR: 27  

-

 

102-18 Governance structure  

SR: 13, 19, 22, 48  AR: 69-71 

-

 

102-19 Delegating authority  

SR: 13 AR: 66, 71 

-

 

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics  

SR: 13 

-

 

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committee  

SR: 19 AR: 66-71, 86-91 

-

 

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body  

SR: 19 AR: 67-68  

-

 

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body  

SR: 20 AR: 70 

-

 

102-25 Conflicts of interest  

SR: 19  

-

Organisational Profile

Governance (Continued)

Stakeholder Engagement

Reporting Practice

Strategy

Ethics and Integrity

Governance

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

134


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

GRI CONTENT INDEX

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

 

Material topic: Employees

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 18-27 

-

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 18-27  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 18-27  

-

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 28-46  

-

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 28-46  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 28-46  

-

 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover  

SR: 29, 34-35  

-

 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided  

 

              to temporary or part time employees  

SR: 40  

-  

 

401-3 Parental leave  

SR: 40  

-

 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures  

SR: 26  

-

 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

SR: 26  

-

 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community 

 SR: 29  

-

 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations  

SR: 27  

-

 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety  

 

                impacts of products and services 

SR: 27  

-

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 205 (2016): Anti-corruption

GRI 202 (2016): Market Presence

GRI 401 (2016): Employment

GRI 307 (2016): Environmental Compliance

GRI 416 (2016): Customer Health and Safety

 

Material topic: Governance

 

Material topic: Safety

 

402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes  

SR: 39  

-

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 47-60 

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 47-60  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 47-60  

-

 

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories  

SR: 49 

-

 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts  

 

             of products and services 

SR: 27  

-

 

403-1 Occupational health and safety management systems  

SR: 48-50  

-

 

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation  

SR: 54-55 

-

 

403-3 Occupational health services  

SR: 54, 56  

-

 

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational  

 

              health and safety 

SR: 48-50, 53-54, 58  

-

 

403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety  

SR: 51-55, 58  

-

 

403-6 Promotion of worker health  

SR: 56 

-

 

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts  

 

              directly linked by business relationships 

SR: 48-54  

-

 

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system  

SR: 49  

-

 

403-9 Work-related injuries  

SR: 56  

-

 

403-10 Work-related ill-health  

SR: 57  

-

 

404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes  SR: 39, 41-44  

-

 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees  

SR: 29-35 AR: 87-91  

-

GRI 402 (2016): Labor/Management Relations

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 416 (2016): Customer Health and Safety

GRI 403 (2018): Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 404 (2016): Training and Education

GRI 405 (2016): Diversity and Equal Opportunity

 

Material topic: Employees (Continued)

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

135


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES

GRI CONTENT INDEX

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

 

Material topic: Suppliers

 

Material topic: Shareholders

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 103 (2016): Management Approach

GRI 418 (2016): Customer Privacy

GRI 308 (2016): Supplier Environmental Assessment

GRI 414 (2016): Supplier Social Assessment

GRI 201 (2016): Economic Performance

GRI 302 (2016): Energy

GRI 303 (2018): Water and Effluents

GRI 304 (2016): Biodiversity

 

Material topic: Customer Focus

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 61-73  

-

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 61-73 

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 61-73  

-

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 75-85 

 -

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 75-85  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 75-85  

-

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 86-92  

-

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 86-92  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 86-92  

-

 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary  

SR: 98-128  

-

 

103-2 The management approach and its components  

SR: 98-128  

-

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach  

SR: 98-128  

-

 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy  

 

              and losses of customer data 

SR: 73  

-

 

308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria  

SR: 77-78 

-

 

414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria  

SR: 77-78  

-

 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  

SR: 92  

-

 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation  

SR: 110-111, 113-115, 132  

-

 

302-3 Energy intensity  

SR: 110-115, 132  

-

 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption  

SR: 102-115, 132  

-

 

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource  

SR: 124-125, 132  

-

 

303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts  

SR: 124, 132  

-

 

303-3 Water withdrawal  

SR: 125, 132 

 -

 

304-3 Habitats protected or restored  

SR: 126-127 

 -

 

Material topic: Environment

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

 

GRI Standards Disclosures 

Response and/or Reference(s) 

 Identified Omission(s) 

and Reason(s) for 

Omission(s)

GRI 305 (2016): Emissions

GRI 306 (2020): Waste

GRI 307 (2016): Environmental Compliance

 

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  

SR: 110, 113-115, 132  

-

 

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  

SR: 111, 114-115, 132 

-

 

305-4 GHG emissions intensity  

SR: 110-115, 132  

-

 

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions  

SR: 102-115, 132  

-

 

306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts  

SR: 116-122  

-

 

306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts  

SR: 116-122  

-

 

306-3 Waste generated  

SR: 120-121  

-

 

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal  

SR: 120-122 

-

 

306-5 Waste directed to disposal  

SR: 120-122  

-

 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations  

SR: 27  

-

136


Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2019/20

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDICES



