
















CHALLENGES AND 

OPPORTUNITIES 

Sustainability Report 2020 


1 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 

 



 

 

This Sustainability Report covers Singapore Myanmar Investco Limited’s (“SMI” or the “Group”) 

relating to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) aspects.   

 

The scope of this report covers the financial year from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020. The Sustainability 

Report follows the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016, Core option. Unless otherwise 

stated, the report covers the ESG performance of the Group across its core operations in Singapore 

and Myanmar. The Group has not sought external independent assurance for the preparation of this 

report. 

 

In addition, as part of our continual efforts on improving the report, we also welcome stakeholders to 

submit their feedback to  enquiries@sin-mi.com. 


2 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGIES 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

Sustainable growth is an important consideration for SMI’s business. The Board of Directors of SMI 

(the “Board”) has considered the sustainability topics as part of our business strategy. The Board 

oversees the monitoring and management of the material ESG aspects. 

 

Last year, we have established some sustainability targets in our inaugural sustainability report. This 

year, we present our sustainability report for FY2020 to share our sustainability progress and 

milestones that we have achieved. 

 

 

During the past year, we have taken measures to reduce plastic usage in our Food &amp; Beverage (F&amp;B) 

and Travel &amp; Fashion Retail operations, reducing plastic bag usage as well as the usage of plastic 

cups in our restaurants. In the upcoming years, we will look into implementing more initiatives to further 

reduce plastic waste in our operations.  

 

In order to deliver quality services to our consumers, we place heavy emphasis in recruiting, training 

and developing service-oriented employees across all our business lines. We greatly value our people 

and seek to continue to grow our talent pool through our investments in training and development of 

our employees. 

 

As we strive to become one of Myanmar’s leading Retail and F&amp;B group with a strong focus on the 

consumer, we continue to contribute to the development of local communities by creating jobs, 

paying taxes and doing business with local enterprises. And we have been a major sponsorship of 

Room to Read the educational charity and have also sponsored performance by young Myanmar 

nationals who are developing an interest in classical music.  

 

 

SMI is an investment and management company focused on emerging economy of Myanmar. SMI 

strives to play an active and pioneering role in modernisation and growth of Myanmar by introducing 

ground-breaking international products and services to Myanmar to meet emerging consumer and 

development demand. 

 




3 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGIES 

 

 

SMI is listed on the Main Board of Singapore Stock Exchange and is led by an experienced and 

talented management team. With deep-rooted track records of success in Myanmar, SMI has 

established itself as reputable partner of choice in Myanmar for global brands. 

Travel and Fashion Retail 

 

World class multi-category duty free brands 

supplied by DFS and a wide range of 

international fashion and lifestyle brands at the 

International Airport and in domestic malls. 

Food and Beverage 

 

Franchise or license agreements with 

reputable F&amp;B brands, such as 

Crystal Jade Kitchen, Coffee Bean 

and Tea Leaf and Ippudo. 

 

Beverage distribution of Wine, Monin 

Syrups and San Pellegrino Water to 

hotels and restaurants, patisseries 

and coffee shops. 














4 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGIES 

 

 



 

 

  Logistics Services 

 

International standards of 

logistics services including 

trucking, warehousing and cold 

storage facilities. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






5 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

 

 

Our key stakeholders include our employees, investors, business partners, the community, 

government departments and national agencies and we review our ESG commitments taking into 

account input and obligation from these stakeholders.  

 

The table below summarises the various stakeholder engagement activities, which we have gathered 

and platforms which SMI utilises to reach out to our stakeholders. 

 

Stakeholder 

Platforms 

Frequency 

Key Feedback and Concerns 

Employees1 

Interviews / feedback 

sessions 

Ad-hoc 

• 

Employee safety and welfare. These 

have become a major priority as we 

started to prepare for the impact of 

Covid-19. 

• 

Staff training and development 

opportunities 

• 

Remuneration and benefits 

• 

Fair and competitive employment 

practices 

• 

Overseas training trips  

Regular dialogue 

sessions with senior 

management 

Bi-monthly 

Performance appraisal 

Annual 

Team bonding sessions 

Ad-hoc 

Training 

Ad-hoc 

Investors 

Annual and extraordinary 

general meetings 

Annual 

• 

Updates on financial performance 

• 

Economic and political environment in 

• 

Myanmar 

• 

Compliance to international standards 

on anti-corruption 

• 

Long-term growth prospects 

Analyst reports 

Quarterly 

Investor relations contact 

Annual 

SGX announcement, 

media release and 

interviews 

Ad-hoc 

Company website 

Perpetual 

Government 

Departments 

and National 

Agencies 

Official visits 

Ad-hoc 

• 

Compliance with laws and regulations 

relating to various business sectors 

• 

Facilitating the growth of the Myanmar 

economy 

Meetings, briefings and 

regular reporting 

Ad-hoc 

Joining trade associations 

and industry forums 

Ad-hoc 

The 

Community 

Sustainability report 

Annual 

• 

Supporting the local community 

• 

Provide job opportunities and 

development 

Corporate social 

responsibility activities 

Ad-hoc 

Franchisers 

Meetings, briefings and 

regular reporting 

Ad-hoc 

• 

Establishing and maintaining   good 

relationships 

•    Compliance to contract requirements 

Suppliers/ 

Vendors 

Vendor evaluation 

Annual 

• 

Maintaining good relationship 

• 

Quality products and services 

• 

Environmental compliance 

• 

Certification compliance 

Regular meeting with key 

suppliers 

Ad-hoc 

Quality control 

inspections 

Ad-hoc 

 

“Employees”, in the context of this Sustainability Report, refers collectively to the employees of SMI and its local 

business partners


6 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

































































































































































































































































































Importance to Stakeholders 





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































We have reviewed materiality analysis to identify sustainability issues that are of importance to our 

business and stakeholders. This assessment helps us bring focus to key areas that we seek to improve 

on as we make progress in achieving the long-term sustainability of our business. 

 

 

Identify                     Evaluate                      Validate 

 

 

Material aspects which are 

important to our business and 

stakeholders are identified by 

respective business unit leader. 

Inputs from stakeholders were 

considered. 

 

Material aspects are evaluated 

against 2 criteria: 

1. Importance to stakeholders 

2. Significance to business 

(Impact on environment, 

social and governance) 

 

Our CEO will validate and 

approve these material 

aspects

 

Led by our CEO, the various Business Unit Heads assist in providing inputs and execution of initiatives 

related to the Group’s sustainability. Our review focuses on 3 key aspects (Environment, Social, and 

Governance) and 5 identified material topics, with the factors being plotted based on their importance 

to stakeholders against the significance to our business in the materiality matrix below. 

 

 

2020 Sustainability Materiality Matrix 

 

 

 

 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

 

 

Corporate 

Governance 

 

 

 

Employee Training 

and Development 

 

Diverse and equal 

Opportunity 

 

 

Reduction of 

Plastic Use 

 

 

 

 

 

Significance to business 

 

 

Environmental                            Social                           Governance


7 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

Material Topics 

Relevance to SMI 

How are we addressing the issue 

Governance Dimension 

Regulatory Compliance 

SMI is committed to conduct 

and manage its business and 

assets in compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations, which is 

essential for the long-term 

sustainability of the 

business. 

SMI has put in place internal controls 

and procedures to embed compliance 

into its day-to-day operations. In 

addition to proactively identifying and 

responding to applicable new rules 

and regulations, internal audits are 

also carried out annually to ensure 

compliance. 

Corporate Governance 

Good corporate governance is 

necessary to enable SMI to 

operate more efficiently, 

effectively as well as 

mitigating risk and 

safeguarding the interests of 

our stakeholders. 

SMI is committed to good corporate 

governance and transparency in its 

endeavours. All employees are aware 

of the corporate code of conduct and 

are expected to abide by it. 

Social Dimension 

Diverse and Equal 

Opportunities 

An inclusive workforce provides 

SMI with diverse perspectives, 

skills and talents. As such, SMI 

ensures that everyone is given 

fair opportunities regardless of 

ethnicity and gender. 

SMI adopts merit-based recruitment 

practices and emphasizes diversity 

and inclusiveness, with the individual’s 

competencies and job fit being the 

basis of hiring. 

Employee Training and 

Development 

Our people are critical assets 

to the Group, and it is therefore 

crucial for us to invest and 

support them in their 

development. 

Employees are sent for training 

programs to upgrade and improve 

their skillset. The training courses 

include language classes on English 

and Mandarin, allowing our local 

Burmese employees to better serve 

our international customers, customer 

service, food safety and handling, 

leadership, etc. 

Environmental Dimension 

Reduction of Plastic use 

We aim to identify opportunities to 

replace plastic with biodegradable 

materials wherever possible. 

Paper bags have been introduced to 

reduce the usage of plastic bags at our 

retail stores. During FY2020, 

biodegradable paper packaging has been 

used for the newly created food delivery 

service and products.  


8 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



GOVERNANCE 

 

 



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

Regulatory Compliance 

 

 

FY2020 Performance 

The Group has achieved zero incidents of non-compliance with laws 

and regulations for which significant fines or non-monetary penalties were 

incurred. 

 

 

We seek to comply with all relevant laws and regulations including the Listing Manual of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited, Companies Act and Employment Act. 

 

In addition, we have attained the required Business Permits and Licenses for all our operations in 

Myanmar. Examples of the Business Permits and Licenses that we have attained include Business 

Licenses for the operation of SMI Rental Ltd, SMI Food Concept Ltd and Mar Myanmar Ltd in 

Myanmar, as well as the warehouse operation permit for Senko-SMI Myanmar Co Limited. 

 

All our restaurant outlets have also been issued the required restaurant permits by Yangon City 

Development Committee (YCDC) for operations. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

 

FY2020 Performance 

In FY2020, the Group has issued warnings to 28 employees for  

misconduct and terminated 53 employees due to breach of Code of Conduct. 

 

 

 

SMI ensures that our businesses are carried on and conducted in a proper and efficient manner 

adhering to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012. 

 

Additionally, we strive to inculcate a strong corporate culture within our Group and have zero tolerance 

towards corruption and fraud. Our ethical practices are spelled out in our Code of Conduct, as well as in 

policies about corporate governance, anti-corruption, occupational health and safety, supplier conduct, 

and data privacy. 

Risk Assessment and Management 

 

SMI aims to mitigate our exposures through appropriate risk management strategies and internal 

controls. The Board is responsible in overseeing the risk governance of the Group, ensuring that the 

Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard 

stakeholders’ interests and our Group’s assets. Internal audits are also carried out annually to provide 

independent assurance to the Audit Committee (“AC”) on the effectiveness and adequacy of our 

internal control and compliance processes. 

 

Details of the Group’s approach to risk management and internal controls are set out in the 

Corporate Governance Report, which can be found in the Annual Report. 

 

 

 


9 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 



GOVERNANCE 

 

 





On top of our risk management approach, policies and procedures including the Employees’ Code of 

Conduct, anti-corruption and whistle blowing are also in place to instill the value of integrity and 

transparency within the Group. 

Employees’ Code of Conduct 

The behavior expected from our employees is codified in our employees’ Code of Conduct. The 

underlying principle for our Code of Conduct is that we expect our employees to act with integrity 

towards those with whom we have business dealings, to the larger society with whom we conduct our 

business, and towards each other. 

 

An employee handbook that covers penalties for misconduct and fraud and guides all employees in 

their everyday conduct is made available to all employees. For new hires, they are made aware of our 

stance against corruption and fraudulent activities during the orientation programme. 

 

The Employees’ Code of Conduct provides the following examples of misconduct that shall lead to 

disciplinary actions: 

 

•    Dishonest actions or unethical conduct; 

•    Unauthorised dissemination of the Group’s confidential documents and data; 

•    Acting beyond the authority granted to his/her position; and 

•    Receiving of gifts or money from business counterparts without prior approval from the Group 

Anti-Corruption 

We strive to inculcate a strong corporate culture within our Group and have zero tolerance towards 

corruption and fraud. An Anti-Corruption policy is in place, setting out rules governing the following 

areas: 

 

•    Reporting on actual or suspected corruption and bribery 

•    Guidance on gift giving and acceptance 

•    Training and awareness 

•    Disciplinary action 

 

The Anti-Corruption policy is communicated to all employees during the initial staff onboarding 

process.  

Whistle Blowing 

We have whistleblowing policy and channels to allow employees to report concerns over any unlawful 

conduct, financial malpractice or other wrong doings that poses risks to the Group, the public or the 

environment. Under this policy, employees may report suspected matters of wrongdoing affecting the 

Group to the Whistle Blowing   Officer   via   the   following   email: whistleblowing@sin-mi.com.   

Through   our   independent whistleblowing channel, employees are able to report any suspected 

misconducts without reprisal. 

 

For further details, please refer to our Corporate Governance Report in our Annual Report 2020. 

 

 

Targets 

 

• Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

for the coming year. 

• Strive towards zero instances of breach in corporate governance.


10 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

SOCIAL 

 



 

 

SMI recognizes that our employees’ efforts contribute to the overall performance of the group.  It is the Group’s 

responsibility to empower our employees with opportunities for progression and further learning exposures 

and ensure we operate ethically. 

 

Our Employees 

 

SMI’s businesses (group and local business partners) employ over 882 individuals from diverse ethnicities and 

backgrounds. We acknowledge the importance of providing equal opportunity to employees regardless of age, 

gender, nationality and ethnicity. The breakdown of our workforce in Singapore and Myanmar offices as at 31 

March 2020 is as follows: 

Total Headcount 

 882 

Singapore 

13 

Myanmar 

869 

 

Employee Distribution – Singapore Head Office 

 

 

 

Employee Distribution – Myanmar Office 

 

13

46%

46%

8%

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

1

No. of Employees

3o - 50

Above 50

Under 30

Age Group

No. of Employees 



Male

49%



Female

51%

Male to Female Ratio 



Male

62%



Female

38%

Male to Female Ratio 

869

75%

24%

1%

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

1

No. of Employees

Under 30

3o - 50

Above 50

Age Group

'No. of Employees 


12 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Employee Training and Development 

 

 

FY2020 Performance 

 

79% of our employees have undergone at least one training held by 

SMI / Business Partners 

 

 

We provide training opportunities to our employees to develop their skills. Firstly, we provide language 

trainings for employees working at the airport to enhance their ability to communicate effectively with 

tourists and business travelers from different nationalities. 

 

In addition, we have product orientation training programs for employees working as brand 

representatives for our business partners to ensure they are adequately equipped with product 

knowledge and information for their customers. 

 

 

 

In the F&amp;B franchised outlets, we provide training on food handling, hygiene and safety. 

 

 

  








13 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

 

Employee Engagement 

 

At SMI, we strive to create a positive and healthy work environment for our employees. We actively 

engage employees in various activities to promote and organise work-life balance initiatives within 

the Group. We have instigated safety protocols for our retail, F&amp;B and office staff after the spread of 

Covid-19 during Q4 FY20. 

 

Over FY2020, we have organised several team bonding events, dinners and charity 

engagements for our employees.  

 

SMI Management Meeting was held on 19 June 2019 for a full day at Hotel Melia for about 100 

employees to align the organization behind the future direction. There was basic wine sharing 

knowledge, group break out activities; and Dr Thant Thaw Kaung, a representative from the Room to 

Read shared on the improved literacy rate of the Burmese children. Dr. Thant is also the Executive 

Director of Myanmar Book Aid and Preservation Foundation. 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

 

FY2020 Performance 

 

Zero workplace accident in FY2020. 

 

 

Covid-19  

Our employees’ safety, and their physical and mental health are of utmost importance to us. We take 

great effort in ensuring a safe and conducive work environment for our employees. We perform 

periodic safety inspections at all our premises to ensure that our employees work in a safe 

environment. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Targets 

 

50% of all employees to undergo at least one training activity in FY2020 

 










14 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 





 

 

 

 

 

Targets 

 

 

 

 

To maintain zero workplace accident in FY2020. 

 

 

Community Involvement 

 

At SMI, we aim to deliver positive impact to the local communities we operate in. Therefore, over the 

years, the Group actively engages the local community and partake in various social initiatives to 

improve the living standards and conditions of the locals. The following are some activities we have 

supported in FY2020. 

Room to Read 

Room to Read was founded in 2000 with the vision of a world in which 

all children can pursue a quality education that enables them to reach 

their full potential and contribute to their communities and the world. SMI 

is proud to be supporting Room to Read’s two-year literacy project in 

Myanmar. Our President &amp; CEO, Mark Bedingham, is also a committee 

member of the ASEAN Regional Board for Room to Read 

 

 

Under the Room to Read 

program, SMI works with the 

local 

business 

partner, 

Myanmar 

Book 

Aid and 

Preservation Foundation to 

establish and support 20 

libraries in three regions in 

schools as well as give 

educators in the schools the 

skills and tools to sustain the 

libraries so that students 

have the opportunity to 

foster a habit of reading.   

Philharmonic Society of Myanmar’s Festival and Competition  

 

The Philharmonic Society of Myanmar's 

Festival and Competition is the country's 

premier classical music festival, designed 

for music professionals, and students. The 

festival aims to create a conducive 

environment for musicians in Myanmar to 

work under the guidance of international 

artists, 

and 

to 

build 

international 

friendships through music. SMI has 

contributed to the event and further the 

cause of promoting music amongst local 

students.  

 










15 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Community Involvement Programs 

 

At SMI, we encourage our employees to initiate and propose community involvement programs to 

engage the local communities. In FY2019, we have sent our employees for several visits to villages 

and communities to engage with the locals and provided support through donations. 

 

 

 










14 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 



 

 

 

 

Plastic and other non-biodegradable waste have a 

harmful effect on our environment and. Hence, 

reducing plastic waste is one of our key areas of 

sustainability focus.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

At our Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf outlets, we have also replaced plastic cups that were used to contain 

milk with porcelain jugs. Moving forward, we continue to look to implement more initiatives, such as 

reducing the use of straws at our outlets to reduce plastic waste. 

 

 

 

 

Through these initiatives, we hope to not only reduce plastic waste produced from our operations, but 

also create a public awareness for environmental conservation efforts in Myanmar.






























15 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 































































































































































































































































































































































Reducing Energy Usage 

 

Therefore, we are committed to taking measures in 

minimizing our overall energy consumption and improving 

energy efficiency to reduce the environmental impact of our 

operations. 

 

In the conduct of our business activities, the main areas of 

electricity usage are predominantly across our offices, 

outlets and warehouse operations. 

 

In FY2020, we have retrofitted conventional mercury lamps 

with more energy efficient LED lightings at our warehouse. 

The LED lightings are approximately 80% more energy 

efficient than the mercury lamps. 

 

 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

SMI is committed to comply with all applicable environmental regulations enforced by local authorities 

in all jurisdictions we operate in. We closely monitor our operations and perform periodic reviews to 

ensure that we comply with relevant environmental requirements and regulations. 

 

 

Targets 

• Implement more green initiatives to reduce waste output and energy 

usage. 

• Full compliance with relevant environmental regulations in Myanmar and 

Singapore.


16 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; Remarks 

General Disclosure 

Organisational Profile 

Disclosure 102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Page 1 

Disclosure 102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report  

Disclosure 102-3 

Location of headquarters 

300 Beach Road #31-03 

The Concourse 

Singapore 199555 

Disclosure 102-4 

Location of operations 

 

 

Annual Report  

 

Disclosure 102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Disclosure 102-6 

Markets served 

Disclosure 102-7 

Scale of the Organisation 

Disclosure 102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Page 10 – 13 

Disclosure 102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Disclosure 102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Page 8 – 9 

Disclosure 102-12 

External initiatives 

Page 1 

Disclosure 102-13 

Membership of associations 

None. 

Strategy 

Disclosure 102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 2 

Disclosure 102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Page 6 – 7 

Ethics and Integrity 

Disclosure 102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Page 5 

Governance 

Disclosure 102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-19 

Delegating authority 

Disclosure 102-20 

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

Page 6 

Disclosure 102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental and 

social topics 

Page 5 

Disclosure 102-22 

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committee 

 

 

 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-23 

Chair of the highest governance body 

Disclosure 102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 

Disclosure 102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

Disclosure 102-26 

Role of highest governance body in setting purposes, values, 

and strategy 

Disclosure 102-27 

Collective knowledge of highest governance body 

Disclosure 102-28 

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 

Disclosure 102-29 

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and 

social impacts 

Page 6 – 7 

Disclosure 102-30 

Effectiveness of risk management process 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-31 

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics 

Page 6 – 7 

Disclosure 102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-33 

Communicating critical concerns 

Page 1 

Disclosure 102-34 

Nature and total number of critical concerns 

Page 8 – 9 

Disclosure 102-35 

Remuneration policies 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-36 

Process for determining remuneration 

Disclosure 102-37 

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 

Disclosure 102-38 

Annual total compensation ratio 

Disclosure 102-39 

Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Disclosure 102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 5 

Disclosure 102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None. 

Disclosure 102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 5 

 


17 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; Remarks 

Disclosure 102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 5 

Disclosure 102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 5 

Reporting Practice 

Disclosure 102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 1 

Disclosure 102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 6 – 7 

Disclosure 102-48 

Restatements of information 

None. 

Disclosure 102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None. 

Disclosure 102-50 

Reporting period 

FY2019 

Disclosure 102-51 

Date of most recent report 

28 Feb 2019 

Disclosure 102-52 

Reporting cycle 

1 Apr 2018 to 31 Mar 2019 

Disclosure 102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 1 

Disclosure 102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Disclosure 102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 16 – 18 

Disclosure 102-56 

External assurance 

None. 

Management Approach 

Disclosure 103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Page 6 – 9 

Disclosure 103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Disclosure 103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Economic Performance 

Disclosure 201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 

Disclosure 201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 

Annual Report 

Anti-Corruption 

Disclosure 205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Page 8 – 9 

Disclosure 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Anti-Competitive Behaviour 

Disclosure 206-1 

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and 

monopoly practices 

Page 8 – 9 

Energy 

Disclosure 302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Page 14 – 15 

Disclosure 302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 

Environmental Compliance 

Disclosure 307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Page 14 – 15 

Employment 

Disclosure 401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Page 10 – 13 

Disclosure 401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

Disclosure 401-3 

Parental leave 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Disclosure 403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker 

health and safety committees 

Page 10 – 13 

Disclosure 403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 

Disclosure 403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related 

to their occupation 

Disclosure 403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

Disclosure 403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

Disclosure 403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships 

Disclosure 403-8 

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system 

Disclosure 403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Disclosure 403-10 

Work-related ill health 

Training and Education 

Disclosure 404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 10 – 13 

Disclosure 404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

 

 

 

 


18 

SINGAPORE MYANMAR INVESTCO LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; Remarks 

Disclosure 404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Page 10 – 13 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Disclosure 405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 10 – 13 

Non-discrimination 

Disclosure 406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 

Page 10 – 13 

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 

Disclosure 407-1 

Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of 

association and collective bargaining may be at risk 

None. 

Child Labor 

Disclosure 408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

child labor 

None. 

Forced or Compulsory Labor 

Disclosure 409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 

forced or compulsory labor 

None. 

Rights Of Indigenous Peoples 

Disclosure 411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples 

None. 

Local Communities 

Disclosure 413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments and development programs 

Page 10 – 13 

Disclosure 413-2 

Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities 

Customer Privacy 

Disclosure 418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Page 8 – 9 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

Disclosure 419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Page 8 – 9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

