
 

Page 1 of 10 

 

 

 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) started as 

an information technology and professional services provider in 2003, serving the banking and 

financial services industry in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).  Over the years, the Group 

expanded its business into mobile satellite services and internet data center (“IDC”) services.   

 

The Group recognises the importance of business expansion and diversification to meet ever-

evolving information technology (“IT”) demands.  In 2013, the Group diversified its business in 

mobile satellite services in the PRC. In October 2015, the Group expanded its business in the 

provision of IDC services with an acquisition of 63% effective equity interests in a T4 level data 

center in Guiyang (the “GYIDC”) with a hosting capacity of up to 5,000 racks, and currently, the 

effective equity interests in GYIDC is 60%. The Group will continue to focus on developing its 

business in the IDC industry.  

 

The management recognizes that sustainability is a key component of the Group‘s long term 

business strategy. This Sustainability Report (“Report”) focuses on the sustainability practices and 

strategies of the Group. We seek to meet the interests of our stakeholders by providing non-

financial information of the Group and demonstrate our efforts to report to shareholders of the 

Company (“Shareholders”) and other stakeholders on the steps that we are taking to achieve a 

sustainable business model and our achievements and action plans to contribute to the society and 

a more sustainable environment.  

 

In today’s investment climate, non-tangible financial factors are becoming increasingly important to 

our stakeholders. Stakeholders are beginning to look beyond economic and operational factors in 

evaluating management and corporate accountability. This Report is based on economic, social and 

environmental issues that are material to our Group and serve as a platform for us to communicate 

our achievements and plans to our Stakeholders. 

 

 






 

Page 2 of 10 

Board Statement 

 

The Group is committed to upholding good corporate governance and best business practices that 

cultivate and promote accountability, integrity and transparency for the continued sustainability of 

its businesses and value creation for its stakeholders in the long-run. The board of directors of the 

Company, along with the management team of the Group, sets out a framework for the Group’s 

sustainability efforts that will enable the Group to manage and address the Economic, 

Environmental, Social, and Governance (“EESG”) factors, which are important to our businesses. 

 

As this is the Group’s first sustainability report, while we strive to fully disclose digestible and 

understandable information, we believe that there are many areas in this Report that can be 

improved upon. Going forward, we are looking at ways to implement a more robust methodology 

for data tracking and information compilation. As of now, we are not able to provide any 

comparatives since this is our first year of reporting. 

 

The Group recognises the potential of the IDC industry and has focused its efforts and resources in 

growing and developing this business, particularly in the third and fourth tier cities in the PRC.  This 

is especially so following implementation of new Cybersecurity Laws in China which has seen Apple 

announcing plans to build a data centre in Guizhou province to store cloud data for Chinese users as 

part of its US$1 billion regional investment.  Such plan adds credibility to the management’s business 

acumen and foresight to delve into the IDC sector in 2015.  With the continued growth of Internet of 

Things, the IDC market is expected to continue on its accelerated growth path.  

 

Report Scope and Sustainability Reporting Framework 

 

All data and statistics provided in this Report are in relation to the Group’s operations. This Report 

addresses the activities and data that fall within the Group’s financial year from 1 April 2017 to 31 

March 2018 (“FY2018”), and the figures are represented in Hong Kong dollars.  

 

This Report focuses on addressing our Group’s EESG issues in line with Rules 711A and 711B of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”). With this information, we aspire to provide stakeholders with an accurate, complete and 

meaningful overview on how we manage these sustainability issues across our business sectors.  

 

This Report adopts the reporting framework set out under the Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) G4 

Guidelines. We have prepared the Report in accordance with the GRI G4 – core level standards, and 

is based on a Group-wide materiality assessment in consultation with our Board.  

 

This Report, together with the Corporate Governance Report on pages 9 to 26 of our Annual Report 

2018, illustrates the Group’s EESG factors and the policies, practices and performance of the 

business operations.   

 

Since this is the Group’s first sustainability report, the Group believes that there are many areas in 

this Report that can be improved upon over time. Our action plan to implement a more robust 

methodology for data tracking and information compilation will enable the Group to produce a more 

comprehensive sustainability report in future. It will also allow the Group to regularly review and 

improve on its processes, procedures and practices that are currently in-place for its businesses.   

 

We welcome all feedback on this Report. Please send your feedback and comments to 

enquiry@sinocloudgroup.com. 

 

 

 


 

Page 3 of 10 

 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Based on our Group-wide materiality assessment, we have outlined our strategic sustainability 

priorities through these steps: 

 

1. Defining key issues which impact the execution of our business strategy; 

2. Identifying critical areas that affect our businesses and stakeholders; 

3. Prioritising these critical factors and validate internally as pressing issues to address; and  

4. Embedding best practices within our business operation processes where applicable. 

 

The Group identified the specific EESG factors which are material to the Group based on our 

knowledge of our respective business areas, the challenges faced by the industry and the 

corresponding implications for the Group’s businesses and operations. We also considered the 

insights that we gained from our day-to-day engagements and consultations with various 

stakeholders to establish the direction for our sustainability reporting. 

 

The materiality assessment is endorsed by the Board, and these priorities are reviewed on a yearly 

basis. We have since reviewed our material issues compared to what we have early identified during 

the commencement of the preparation of this report and have updated these issues in view of 

today’s operational context.  

 




 

Page 4 of 10 

 

 

Material EESG Factors 

 

The Group has identified the following material EESG factors that are important to the sustainability 

of our organisation and business, rank according to risk and prioritisation : 

a) Economic Performance 

b) Corporate Governance 

c) Employees 

d) Environment 

e) Community 

f) Corporate Communication 

 

 

Our Focus, Commitments &amp; Targets 

 

With our material EESG factors identified and key stakeholders in mind, we have also mapped our 

sustainability priorities, impact to stakeholders and boundaries under the key focus areas set out 

below. We believe this approach will cover critical areas of our businesses, is sustainable, and can 

align the Group with its profitability.  

 

We envision that these initiatives will lead to increased value creation, along with positive impact to 

our operating natural environment and societies. We are committed to ensure measurable targets 

and goals towards our journey to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders in the Group’s 

long-term business strategy. 

 

Focus 

Impact to stakeholder 

FY2018 Performance 

Commitment and 

Target 

Economic 

Performance 

Financial Strength 

 

All our internal and 

external stakeholders 

look to the Group to 

deliver on financial 

performance 

• Group revenue – 

HK$89.5 million 

• Net Loss – HK$34.9 

million 

• Net assets value  - 

HK$366.1 million 

• Revenue growth 

• New business 

initiatives 

• To improve operation 

results  

• Prudent capital 

management 




 

Page 5 of 10 

Corporate Governance 

• Corporate 

governance 

• Risk management 

Compliance with 

legislation as well as 

national and 

international 

standards of 

corporate governance, 

anti-corruption,  

risk management, 

environmental and  

health 

• Results and 

necessary reporting 

requirements  

complied with and 

results released on 

time 

• No incident of 

legal/regulatory non-

compliance 

• Commitment to 

release financial results 

on time  

• Continuous 

strengthening of the 

enterprise 

risk management 

framework 

Employee 

• Staff retention 

• Reward and 

remuneration 

Develop human 

capital and retain staff 

who are important 

assets to the Group 

• No major attrition or 

loss of key 

management staff to 

competitors 

• Commitment to retain 

worthy and high 

performance staff 

• Improvise training 

programme and 

implement succession 

planning for key 

management positions 

 

Environmental 

• Paper management 

• Recycling &amp; reuse of 

paper 

Issues ranging from 

environmental health  

management, i.e. 

reduce wastages, 

efficacy, recycle/reuse 

and conservation is 

key element impacting 

all our stakeholders 

• Reduced reliance on 

paper 

 

• Promote 

environmentally friendly 

working place by 

creating awareness on 

caring for Green and 

Healthy Environment via 

advocating messages on 

email signatories of staff 

to remind them to print 

only when necessary  

 

Community 

Involvement 

•Employee 

participation 

Our ability to innovate 

also translates to 

how we manage the 

business continuity 

and build a strong 

relationship with our 

community 

 

Provide hiring 

opportunities and 

growing our  

employees in line with 

our business 

expansion 

 

 Advocate businesses 

on the benefits of cloud 

technology to enable 

flexibility and scalability 

of resources, enhanced 

IT security via 

outsourcing of IDC 

services and reducing 

carbon footprint 

through sharing of IDC 

resources  

 

 

 


 

Page 6 of 10 

Corporate 

Communication 

• Building relationship 

with stakeholders 

An open, 

constant flow of 

communication using 

available platforms is  

important in all 

aspects of our 

operations, and 

applies to all our 

stakeholder groups, in 

order to build trusted 

partnerships with all 

our stakeholders  

 

• Quarterly and full 

year announcement 

are made available 

 

• Ensure all 

communication 

mediums and 

platforms are 

clearly set out and are 

available 

 Transparent and 

open announcements 

to all stakeholders in 

relation to the 

Group’s quarterly and 

full year financial 

results  

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

The Group’s revenue has increased 78% year-on-year to HK$89.5 million for FY2018. More details 

about the Group’s economic performance and data can be obtained from the financial statements 

on pages 37 to 110 of our Annual Report 2018. The Group has positioned itself to further capitalise 

on the increasing demand for data centers in the PRC which has exceeded supply.   

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Our scope of corporate governance activities are set out in pages 9 to 26 of our Annual Report 2018.  

Our Group’s operating policies and procedures are designed to ensure that appropriate segregation 

of duties and controls are in place to minimise risk and potential threat. 

 

The Group advocates ethical business practices and adopts zero tolerance for bribery and corruption 

in its dealings and operations.  All employees shall abide by and comply with the rules and guidelines 

set out in the employee handbook.   

 

Our internal audit function is outsourced to Baker Tilly Hong Kong Risk Assurance Limited (“Baker 

Tilly HK”) which reports to the Chairman of the Audit Committee on internal control matters and 

seek clarification from the Chief Executive Officer and/or Chief Financial Officer of the Company on 

administrative matters. Baker Tilly HK reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 

material internal controls on an annual basis.  

 

The Group promotes transparency and have a whistleblowing policy in place, in which any employee 

of the Group may, in confidence, raise concerns and report any suspicions of non-compliance on 

regulations, policies, fraud, etc. to the appropriate department for resolution without any prejudicial 

implications to these employees.   

 

The Group has to comply with the rules and regulations in all places we do business.  Our employees 

understand that they are responsible for understanding and complying with all rules and regulations 

that are required in the business and operations of the Group. In this way, we proactively avoid both 

the monetary and reputational risks associated with sanctions and fines for non-compliance. For 

FY2018, the Group did not receive any fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance. 

 

For more information on our Board’s involvement, please refer to the “Corporate Governance 

Report” section on pages 9 to 26 of our Annual Report 2018.  

 


 

Page 7 of 10 

Employees 

 

Our staff are our key assets. Our Group’s framework for managing employees emphasizes 

performance, achievements, and activities irrespective of employment status. We expect our 

employees to put the Group’s interests into practice and raise their level of professionalism. Our 

employees’ concept of work focuses on performance and achievement through this approach. This 

approach has firmly taken root across the Group. 

 

Our personnel development is anchored in each employee’s aspiration to learn and grow by setting 

goals on his or her own initiative. Our basic policy for personnel development is to offer on-the-job 

training complemented and enhanced by off-the-job group training. At each workplace, we clearly 

define the roles of staff responsible for different aspects of training under a system in which each 

employee sets his or her own annual education plan as a means for raising motivation to learn by 

systematically addressing both the workplace and employee needs and interests. Moreover, to meet 

the needs of the ever-changing business environment, we are focused on nurturing human 

resources with advanced expertise and responsiveness to change, as well as systematic identification 

of those who can demonstrate their talents in the marketplace. 

 

Our Group acknowledges the importance of social equity and the provision of equal opportunities in 

an environment that is safe and healthy for its employees; this includes hiring without prejudice, 

regardless of age, gender and ethnicity.  The Group has zero tolerance on hiring of child labour and 

requires its service providers and sub-contractors to be in-sync on this before engaging their 

services. 

 

To achieve this:- 

(a) We will conduct regular reviews to ensure that our remuneration package is in line with industry 

standard and commensurate with the job. 

(b) We will offer a sustainable performance bonus based on the Group’s and the employee’s 

performance. 

(c) We will identify and promote deserving staff with potential to develop their career in the 

organisation. 

(d) We will align our human resource policies to comply with labour laws and regulations in respect 

of minimum wage requirements, social security contribution requirements and work hours etc.  

 

 

Environment 

 

Preserving the environment is necessary for the long-term sustainability of our business, and they 

are mutually dependent. While creating value in our business, we aim to minimise the impact that 

our activities have on the environment and proactively seek alternative means for more effective 

and sustainable use of resources. Our Group’s mission is to adopt and implement environmentally 

green solutions in our business and we expect our business partners and service providers to commit 

and adhere to the same standards. 

 

Our Group has the following policy in place to address the following issues:-   

 

(a) Implement systematic cuts to paper usage and waste volumes; 

(b) Engage each employee in thinking about the environment and making his or her own 

contribution actively via recycling of used paper; and 

(c) Promote proactive environmental communication, within and outside the Group. 

 

 


 

Page 8 of 10 

Community 

 

The Group feels strongly about contributing to the societies and communities that the Group 

operates in. We have been creating jobs and contributing economically as part of the Group’s 

corporate social responsibility. 

 

 

Corporate Communication 

 

The Group is committed to creating long-term value for all its stakeholders and will continue to 

maintain ongoing communication and engagement with its stakeholders. Details of the 

communication and engagement with our shareholders are set out in the section on “Shareholders 

Rights and Responsibilities” of the Corporate Governance Report on pages 24 to 25 of our Annual 

Report 2018. 

 

Other than our shareholders, we will engage with both internal and external stakeholders such as 

our customers, supplier and regulators in setting up our future goals. We believe that through 

collaboration and partnerships that we can accelerate sustainability in our Company and in the 

world.  

 

GRI Content Index  

 

General Standard Disclosures 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

SinoCloud Group Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3 of the Annual Report 2018 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Company’s 

website 

at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ 

or 

page 8 of the Annual Report 2018 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Company’s 

website 

at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ 

or 

page 8 of the Annual Report 2018 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Pages 73 to 77 of the Annual Report 

2018 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 4 of the Annual Report 2018 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Pages 4 to 5, and 37 to 40 of the Annual 

Report 2018 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Page 7 of the Annual Report 2018, and 

pages 6 to 7 of this Report 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

Not applicable as there have been no 

significant changes 

102-14 

Statement from the most senior decision-

maker 

Pages 4 to 5, and 27 to 31 of the Annual 

Report 2018 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Minimising our environmental footprint 

and caring for our people 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Pages 9 to 26 of the Annual Report 2018 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Pages 111 to 112 of the Annual Report 

2018 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

 Page 8 of this Report 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

 Pages 2 to 3 of this Report 


 

Page 9 of 10 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Pages 73 to 77 of the Annual Report 

2018 

102-46 

Defining 

report 

content 

and 

topic 

boundaries 

Pages 2 to 3 of  this Report 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 3 of this Report 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable as this is the Group’s first 

Sustainability Report 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is the Group’s first 

Sustainability Report 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 2 of this Report  

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

This is the Group’s first Sustainability 

Report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Page 3 of this Report 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Page 2 of this Report 

102-55 

GRI content index 

This Report is in accordance with GRI G4 

– Core level standards 

102-56 

External assurance 

No external assurance obtained for this 

Report 

 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

Pages 4 to 6 of this Report 

103-2 

The 

management 

approach 

and 

its 

components 

Pages  4 to 6 of this Report 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Pages 3 to 6 of this Report 

302-1 

Energy 

consumption 

within 

the 

organisation 

Page 7 of this Report 

404-1 

Average hours training per year per 

employee 

Sufficient training has been provided to 

our employees via job-assignment basis. 

However, we have not maintained 

formal 

records 

of 

training 

hours 

provided to our employees. We are also 

in the process of formalising and  

planning and off the job training going 

forward. 

 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labour 

Page 4 of this Report. 

413-1 

Operations 

with 

local 

community 

engagement, impact assessments and 

development programs 

Page 7 of this Report. 

 

 

 


 

Page 10 of 10 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed 

by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. The 

Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this Sustainability Report. 

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of 

any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 

