
Page 1 of 10 

 

 

 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited  

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) started as 

an information technology and professional services provider in 2003, serving the banking and 

financial services industry in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).   

 

The Group recognises the importance of business expansion and diversification to meet ever-

evolving information technology (“IT”) demands. In October 2015, the Group expanded its business 

to include the provision of IDC services with its acquisition of 63% effective equity interests in 

Guiyang Zhongdian Gaoxin Digital Technologies Limited (“Guiyang Zhongdian”), an IDC asset in the 

city of Guiyang, Guizhou province, the PRC. Currently, the Group has an effective equity interest of 

60% in Guiyang Zhongdian, where the remaining 40% is owned by Guiyang Gaoxin Big Data Fund 

Company. 

 

Guiyang Zhongdian is principally engaged in the business of operating IDC services, cloud computing 

and big data services, with a hosting capacity of 5,000 racks. Development of hosting capacity of 

5,000 racks will be divided into phases, which shall be tied to its target capacity requirement as well 

as commissioning schedule, in order to minimise the burden on capital expenditure. As such, the 

current expansion of hosting capacity of 1,500 racks out of the 5,000 shall only continue when the 

respective customer orders are expected to be secured. The Group has focused its efforts and 

resources in growing and developing its business in the IDC industry.  

 

The Company had, on 30 October 2020, obtained the approval of the shareholders of the Company 

(“Shareholders”) at a special general meeting for the proposed diversification of the Group’s existing 

business to include the businesses in the following areas (“Proposed Diversification”):- 

 

(i) 

Tourism – investment in and operation of travel agencies, accommodation and 

transportation services in coaches, yacht and private jet; 

 

(ii) 

Food and Beverage – investment in and operation of food and beverage outlets (being 

restaurants, cafes and bars, fast food outlets, catering and bakery) and trading of food and 

beverage products; and 






Page 2 of 10 

 

(iii) 

Entertainment – investment in and operation of shopping and experience centres, theme 

parks, nightclubs, e-gaming and e-sports franchise and facilities;  

 

(collectively the “New Businesses”). 

 

The Company has actively sought out opportunities to improve Shareholders’ long-term return. The 

Proposed Diversification would reduce the Group’s reliance on and mitigation against volatility of 

the existing business, by diversifying its revenue and income stream.  

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected many industries, with the tourism, food and beverage and 

entertainment sectors appearing to be most affected. However, the pandemic has created a window 

of opportunity where the valuation of certain businesses is relatively tempted. 

 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Group remains committed to the continuance of the existing 

business in the provision of IDC services. 

 

The management of the Company recognizes that sustainability is a key component of the Group‘s 

long term business strategy. This Sustainability Report (“Report”) focuses on the sustainability 

practices and strategies of the Group. We seek to meet the interests of our stakeholders by 

providing non-financial information of the Group and demonstrate our efforts to report to 

Shareholders and other stakeholders on the steps that we are taking to achieve a sustainable 

business model and our achievements and action plans to contribute to the society and a more 

sustainable environment.  

 

In today’s investment climate, non-tangible financial factors are becoming increasingly important to 

our stakeholders. Stakeholders are beginning to look beyond economic and operational factors in 

evaluating management and corporate accountability. This Report is based on economic, social and 

environmental issues that are material to our Group and serve as a platform for us to communicate 

our achievements and plans to our Stakeholders. 

 

Board Statement 

 

We are pleased to present our sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June (“FY”) 2020. 

Sustainability is highly regarded by the Board of Directors and top management, which is an integral 

part of the Group’s philosophy. We believe that we can play our part in contributing to 

environmental preservation by minimising the impact of our operations on the environment. We will 

continue our efforts in generating meaningful and sustainable impacts for our stakeholders. 

 

In FY2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has brought upon unprecedented challenges, and 

has created substantial adverse impact on global economy, including the Group’s IDC business in the 

People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), resulting in decrease in revenue, impairment of financial assets 

and impairment of intangible assets. We stay committed to prioritising the safety of our employees 

in compliance with local regulations on the necessary measures to ensure that they are well-

prepared in keeping themselves safe, as well as to ensure no discontinuation of service under a safe 

environment. 

 

The board of directors of the Company (”Board” or “Directors”) oversees the management to 

monitor and promote accountability, integrity and transparency for the continued sustainability of 

its businesses and value creation for its stakeholders in the long run, in order to enable the Group to 

manage and address the Economic, Environmental, Social, and Governance (“EESG”) factors, which 

are important to our businesses. It is widely accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the 

overall long-term success of the Group and form an important part under the keen competition. 


Page 3 of 10 

Report Scope and Sustainability Reporting Framework 

 

All data and statistics provided in this Report are in relation to the Group’s operations, addressing 

the activities and data that fall within the Group for the 12-month financial year from 1 July 2019 to 

30 June 2020 (“FY2020”), and the figures are represented in Hong Kong dollars.  

 

This Report focuses on addressing our Group’s EESG issues in line with Rules 711A and 711B of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”). With this information, we aspire to provide stakeholders with an accurate, complete and 

meaningful overview on how we manage these sustainability issues across our business sectors.  

 

This Report adopts the reporting framework set out under the Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) G4 

Guidelines. We have prepared the Report in accordance with the GRI G4 – core level standards, and 

based on a Group-wide materiality assessment in consultation with our Board, as we believe it is 

internationally recognised and is widely adopted. The GRI content index and relevant references are 

disclosed on pages 9 to 10 of this Report. 

 

This Report, together with the Corporate Governance Report on pages 12 to 50 of our Annual Report 

2020, illustrates the Group’s EESG factors and the policies, practices and performance of the 

business operations.   

 

We welcome all feedback on this Report to enable us to consistently improve our policies and 

systems. Please send your feedback and comments to enquiry@sinocloudgroup.com. 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Based on our Group-wide materiality assessment, we have outlined our strategic sustainability 

priorities through these steps: 

 

1. 

Defining key issues which impact the execution of our business strategy; 

2. 

Identifying critical areas that affect our businesses and stakeholders; 

3. 

Prioritising these critical factors and validate internally as pressing issues to address; and  

4. 

Embedding best practices within our business operation processes where applicable. 

 

The Group identified the specific EESG factors which are material to the Group based on our 

knowledge of our respective business areas, the challenges faced by the industry and the 

corresponding implications for the Group’s businesses and operations. We also considered the 

insights that we gained from our day-to-day engagements and consultations with various 

stakeholders to establish the direction for our sustainability reporting. 

 

The materiality assessment is endorsed by the Board, and these priorities are reviewed on a yearly 

basis. We have since reviewed our material issues compared to what we have early identified during 

the commencement of the preparation of this report and have updated these issues in view of 

today’s operational context.  

 

 


Page 4 of 10 

 

 

Material EESG Factors 

 

The Group has identified the following material EESG factors that are important to the sustainability 

of our organisation and business, ranked according to risk and prioritisation: 

 

(a) 

Economic Performance 

(b) 

Corporate Governance 

(c) 

Employees 

(d) 

Environment 

(e) 

Community 

(f) 

Corporate Communication 

 

Our Focus, Commitments &amp; Targets 

 

With our material EESG factors identified and key stakeholders in mind, we have also mapped our 

sustainability priorities, impact to stakeholders and boundaries under the key focus areas set out 

below. We believe this approach will cover critical areas of our businesses, is sustainable, and can 

align the Group with its profitability.  

 

We envision that these initiatives will lead to increased value creation, along with positive impact to 

our operating natural environment and societies. We are committed to ensure measurable targets 

and goals towards our journey to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders in the Group’s 

long-term business strategy. 

 

Focus 

Impact to 

Stakeholder 

FY2020 Performance 

Commitment and Target 

for FY2021 and onwards 

Economic  

 Performance 

 Financial Strength 

 

All our internal and 

external 

stakeholders’ 

look to the Group to 

deliver on financial 

performance 

• Group revenue – 

HK$33.3 million 

 

• Net Loss – HK$191.2 

million 

 

• Net assets value 

attributable to equity 

holders –  HK$125.0 

million 

• To improve operating 

results  

 

• New business initiatives 

including diversification 

 

• Prudent capital 

management 

 




Page 5 of 10 

Focus 

Impact to 

Stakeholder 

FY2020 Performance 

Commitment and Target 

for FY2021 and onwards 

Corporate 

Governance 

• Risk management 

Compliance with 

legislation as well as 

national and 

international 

standards of 

corporate 

governance, anti-

corruption,  

risk management, 

environmental and  

health 

 

• Complied with 

relevant legislations 

governing the Group  

 

 Generally adhered to 

the Principles and 

Provisions (except 

where otherwise 

explained) set out in 

the Code of 

Corporate 

Governance 2018 

(“Code”), details as 

set out in the Annual 

Report 2020 (pages 

12 to 50) 

 

• Compliance with 

relevant legislations 

governing the Group   

 

 Continue to enhance 

and improve on 

corporate governance 

practices and 

adherence to the 

Principles and 

Provisions of the Code  

 

Employee 

• Staff retention 

• Reward and 

remuneration 

• Employee 

training and 

development 

 

Develop human 

capital and retain 

staff who are 

important assets to 

the Group 

• Provide competitive 

remuneration 

package to retain 

staff  

• Commitment to retain 

worthy and high 

performance staff 

• To provide necessary 

on-job training and 

implement succession 

planning for key 

management positions 

 

Environmental 

• Paper 

management 

• Recycling, and 

reuse of paper 

Issues ranging from 

environmental health  

management, i.e. 

reduce wastages, 

efficacy, 

recycle/reuse and 

conservation is key 

element impacting all 

our stakeholders 

• Reduced reliance on 

paper, for example, 

Annual Report 2020, 

letter to shareholder, 

Proxy Forms issued 

by way of electronic 

means 

 

• Promote 

environmentally friendly 

workplace by creating 

awareness on caring for 

Green and Healthy 

Environment via email 

to remind them to print 

only when necessary  

• Promote electronic 

communication 

 

Community 

Involvement 

• Employee 

participation 

Our ability to 

innovate also 

translates to 

how we manage the 

business continuity 

and build a strong 

relationship with our 

community 

 

• Closely communicate 

with staff, allow staff 

working from home 

where necessary, and 

split local staff of 

Guiyang Zhongdian 

into different groups 

as a safety measure  

• Ensure working 

conditions are in line 

with government 

policy under COVID-

19 pandemic 

 

 Advocate businesses on 

the benefits of cloud 

technology to enable 

flexibility and scalability 

of resources, enhanced 

IT security via 

outsourcing of IDC 

services and reducing 

carbon footprint 

through sharing of IDC 

resources  

 


Page 6 of 10 

Focus 

Impact to 

Stakeholder 

FY2020 Performance 

Commitment and Target 

for FY2021 and onwards 

Corporate 

Communication 

• Building 

relationship with 

stakeholders 

An open, 

constant flow of 

communication using 

available platforms is  

important in all 

aspects of our 

operations, and 

applies to all our 

stakeholder groups, 

in order to build 

trusted partnerships 

with all our 

stakeholders  

 

• Quarterly and full 

year results are 

announced via 

SGXNET  

• Annual general 

meeting / special 

general meeting 

• Respond to 

shareholders’ 

questions via SGXNET 

and Company’s 

website 

 

• Ensure all 

communication 

mediums and platforms 

are clearly set out and 

are available 

 Transparent and open 

communications by way 

of announcements on 

SGXNET to all 

stakeholders  

 Shareholders’ meeting 

with the presence of the 

Board of Directors at 

least once per annum 

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

The Group’s revenue has decreased by 48.5% to HK$33.3 million for FY2020, from HK$64.7 million 

for the financial period from 1 April 2018 to 31 June 2019, due to the decrease in customer demand 

and service fee reduction. Please refer to the “Message from Chairman and CEO” section (page 4 to 

8) and the audited financial statements section (page 63 to 147) of our Annual Report 2020 for more 

information on our economic performance. The Group has positioned itself to further expand its IDC 

business in the PRC by developing a hosting capacity of 1,500 racks, in addition to the existing 660 

racks. The development will be divided in phases in order to reduce the burden on capital 

expenditure. Following Shareholders’ approval of the Proposed Diversification, the Company will 

explore business opportunity or investment under the New Businesses. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Our scope of corporate governance activities are set out in pages 12 to 50 of the Annual Report for 

FY2020. Our Group’s operating policies and procedures are designed to ensure that appropriate 

segregation of duties and controls are in place to minimise risk and potential threat. 

 

The Group advocates ethical business practices and adopts zero tolerance for bribery and corruption 

in its dealings and operations.  All employees shall abide by and comply with rules and guidelines set 

out in respective procedures handout.   

 

Our internal audit function for FY2020 has been outsourced to BT Corporate Governance Limited 

(formerly known as Baker Tilly Hong Kong Risk Assurance Limited) (“BT”) which reports to the 

Chairman of the Audit Committee on internal control matters and seek clarification from the Chief 

Executive Officer and/or Chief Financial Officer of the Company on administrative matters. BT 

reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s material internal controls on an annual basis.  

 

The Group promotes transparency and have a whistleblowing policy in place, in which any employee 

of the Group may, in confidence, raise concerns and report any suspicions of non-compliance on 

regulations, policies, fraud, and etc., to the appropriate department for resolution without any 

prejudicial implications to these employees. For FY2020, the Group did not receive any 

whistleblowing reports. 

 


Page 7 of 10 

The Group has to comply with the rules and regulations in all places we do business.  Our employees 

understand that they are responsible for understanding and complying with all rules and regulations 

that are required in the business and operations of the Group. In this way, we proactively avoid both 

the monetary and reputational risks associated with sanctions and fines for non-compliance. For 

FY2020, the Group did not receive any fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance. 

 

For more information on our Board’s involvement, please refer to the “Corporate Governance 

Report” section on pages 12 to 50 of our Annual Report 2020. 

 

Employees 

 

Our staff are our key assets. Our Group’s framework for managing employees emphasizes 

performance, achievements, and activities irrespective of employment status. We expect our 

employees to put the Group’s interests into practice and raise their level of professionalism. Our 

employees’ concept of work focuses on performance and achievement through this approach. This 

approach has firmly taken root across the Group. 

 

Our personnel development is anchored in each employee’s aspiration to learn and grow by setting 

goals on his or her own initiative. Our basic policy for personnel development is to offer on-the-job 

training complemented and enhanced by off-the-job group training. At each workplace, we clearly 

define the roles of staff responsible for different aspects of training under a system in which each 

employee sets his or her own annual education plan as a means for raising motivation to learn by 

systematically addressing both the workplace and employee needs and interests. Moreover, to meet 

the needs of the ever-changing business environment, we are focused on nurturing human 

resources with advanced expertise and responsiveness to change, as well as systematic identification 

of those who can demonstrate their talents in the marketplace. 

 

The Group acknowledges the importance of social equity and the provision of equal opportunities in 

an environment that is safe and healthy for its employees; this includes hiring without prejudice, 

regardless of age, gender and ethnicity. Please refer to the “Corporate Governance” section of the 

Company’s 2020 Annual Report for information on the composition of the Board. The Group has 

zero tolerance on hiring of child labour and requires its service providers and sub-contractors to be 

in-sync on this before engaging their services. 

 

To achieve this:- 

 

(a) We will conduct regular reviews to ensure that our remuneration package is in line with industry 

standard and commensurate with the job. 

(b) We will offer a sustainable performance bonus based on the Group’s and the employee’s 

performance. 

(c) We will identify and promote deserving staff with potential to develop their career in the 

organisation. 

(d) We will align our human resource policies to comply with labour laws and regulations in respect 

of minimum wage requirements, social security contribution requirements and work hours etc.  

 

Guiyang Zhongdian, the Company’s principal subsidiary, conducts annual review of the 

remuneration package of its staff. The management of Guiyang Zhongdian will ensure that the 

human resource policies are in line with the relevant labour laws and regulations of the PRC. In 

addition, the Company has a performance share plan in place to reward all management and staff in 

accordance with their performance and Group’s performance objective. For FY2020, the Company 

did not issue any performance shares. 

 

 


Page 8 of 10 

Environment 

 

Preserving the environment is necessary for the long-term sustainability of our business, and they 

are mutually dependent. While creating value in our business, we aim to minimise the impact that 

our activities have on the environment and proactively seek alternative means for more effective 

and sustainable use of resources. Our Group’s mission is to adopt and implement environmentally 

green solutions in our business and we expect our business partners and service providers to commit 

and adhere to the same standards. Nevertheless, electricity being a major element in IDC operation, 

we aim at using low electricity reliance equipment as much as possible.  

 

Our Group has the following policy in place to address the following issues:-   

 

(a) 

Implement systematic cuts to paper usage and waste volumes; 

(b) 

Engage each employee in thinking about the environment and making his or her own 

contribution actively via recycling of used paper;  

(c) 

Promote proactive environmental communication, within and outside the Group; and 

(d) 

Shut down unnecessary equipment in order to save power within the Group. 

 

We obtained our shareholders’ approval to issue electronic copies of our annual report starting from 

FY2019. As a result, we managed to reduce printed copies for all meeting materials to Shareholders 

and all parties, as hardcopy of our annual report will only be provided upon request by shareholders. 

For FY2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no physical copies of annual report, notice of annual 

general meetings, and proxy forms have been distributed to the shareholders, and softcopy of the 

aforementioned documents were published on SGXNET and the Company’s website. 

 

Corporate Communication 

 

The Group is committed to creating long-term value for all its stakeholders and will continue to 

maintain ongoing communication and engagement with its stakeholders. Details of the 

communication and engagement with our shareholders are set out in the section on “Shareholders 

Rights and Responsibilities” of the Corporate Governance Report on pages 38 to 40 of our Annual 

Report 2020. 

 

The Group will conduct general meeting annually to provide Shareholders an opportunity to voice 

their views. For FY2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company’s annual general meeting 

(“AGM”) was held by way of electronic means (via live webcast and live audio stream). Shareholders 

were given the opportunity to submit their questions via email to the Company prior to the AGM, 

and the Company have addressed the substantial and relevant questions and uploaded on SGXNET 

and the Company’s website prior to the AGM. 

 

Other than our Shareholders, we will try to engage with both internal and external stakeholders such 

as our customers, supplier and regulators in setting up our future goals. We believe that through 

collaboration and partnerships that we can accelerate sustainability in our Company and in the 

world. 


Page 9 of 10 

GRI Content Index  

 

General Standard Disclosures 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

SinoCloud Group Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3 of the Annual Report 2020 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Company’s 

website 

at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ 

and 

page 11 of the Annual Report 2020 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Company’s 

website 

at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ 

and 

page 11 of the Annual Report 2020 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Pages 106 to 110 of the Annual Report 

2020 

102-6 

Markets served 

Note 34 to the Audited Financial 

Statements (Geographical information) 

on page 131 of the Annual Report 2020 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Pages 4 to 8, and 63 to 67 of the Annual 

Report 2020 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Pages 9 to 10 of the Annual Report 2020, 

and page 7 of this Report 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

Not applicable as there have been no 

significant changes 

102-14 

Statement from the most senior decision-

maker 

Pages 4 to 8 of the Annual Report 2020 

and page 2 of this Report 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Minimising our environmental footprint 

and caring for our people 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Pages 12 to 50 of the Annual Report 2020 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Pages 148 to 149 of the Annual Report 

2020 and page 8 of this Report 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 8 of this Report 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Pages 3 to 4 of this Report 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Pages 106 to 110 of the Annual Report 

2020 

102-46 

Defining 

report 

content 

and 

topic 

boundaries 

Page 3 of this Report 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 5 of this Report 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 3 of this Report  

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

29 November 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Page 3 of this Report 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Page 3 of this Report 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Pages 9 to 10 of this Report 

102-56 

External assurance 

No external assurance obtained for this 

Report 


Page 10 of 10 

Specific Standard Disclosures 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

Pages 2 to 3 of this Report 

103-2 

The 

management 

approach 

and 

its 

components 

Pages 6 to 8 of this Report 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Pages 6 to 8 of this Report 

302-1 

Energy 

consumption 

within 

the 

organisation 

Page 8 of this Report 

404-1 

Average hours training per year per 

employee 

The Group will identify the necessary 

on-job training to our employees in 

order to maintain their skills up to date.  

We are in the process of formalising and 

planning the training going forward. 

 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labour 

Pages 7 to 8 of this Report. 

413-1 

Operations 

with 

local 

community 

engagement, impact assessments and 

development programs 

Pages 7 of this Report. 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed 

by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist.  

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of 

any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 

