
SINO GRANDNESS FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED

56th Floor Tower A Union Plaza

No 5022 Binhe Road

Futian District Shenzhen

Guangdong Province

The People's Republic of China












SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017




About the Group

About this Report

Board Statement

Sustainability Governance

Stakeholder Engagement

Boundaries of Material Factors

Sustainability Risks and Opportunities

Ethical Operations

Economic Presence

Responsible Employer

GRI-SGX Content Index

4

5

6

7

7

9

10

12

14

15

16

contents






About 



the group



Sino Grandness Food Industry Group Limited 中华食品工业集团有限公司 (“Sino Grandness” or “the Company” and together with 

its subsidiaries , the “Group”) has been listed on The Singapore Exchange Limited (Stock Code: T4B) since 2009. Headquartered 

in Shenzhen in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Sino Grandness is an integrated manufacturer and distributor of various 

food products, including its own-branded 鲜绿园 (“Garden Fresh”) juices, 振鹏达 (“Grandness”) canned fruits, and 好田园 (“Hao 

Tian Yuan”) snack food products.  The Group has become one of the leading brands for loquat fruit juice in the PRC and one of the 

top exporters of canned asparagus, long beans and mushrooms from the PRC since its establishment in 1997.  

The Group serves the fast moving consumer goods sector with distributors as its major type of customer. Its products are 

distributed within the PRC and globally across Europe, North America and Asia, in a range of supermarkets, discount stores 

and convenience stores.  Regarding its supply chain, the Group sources its raw materials from local agricultural cooperatives 

and finished goods from its suppliers. Major suppliers are distributed across Henan, Jiangsu, Hubei, Shanghai, Yunnan, Sichuan, 

Guangdong, Fujian and Beijing in the PRC. The Group conducts further processing in its production facilities in four provinces, 

namely Shandong, Shanxi, Sichuan and Hubei.

The Group’s principal activities are divided into three product segments: Beverages, Canned Products (Overseas) and Canned 

Products (Domestic).  Details of the product segments and their economic performances are listed below:



Segment

Beverages

Canned Products (Overseas)

Canned Products (Domestic)

Operating Subsidiaries

“Garden Fresh Beverage”

“Garden Fresh Group”

“Garden Fresh (HK)”

“Garden Fresh 

(Shenzhen)”

“Garden Fresh (Hubei)”

“Anhui Garden Fresh”

“Garden Fresh (Sichuan)”

“Grandness (HK)”

“Shanxi Yongji Huaxin”

“Shenzhen Grandness”

“Grandness (Anhui)”

“Grandness (Sichuan)”

“Dongpeng (Chengdu)”

“Grandness (Shanxian)”

“Grandness (Hubei)”

“Grandness (HK)”

“Shanxi Yongji Huaxin”

“Shenzhen Grandness”

“Grandness (Anhui)”

“Grandness (Sichuan)”

“Dongpeng (Chengdu)”

“Grandness (Shanxian)”

“Grandness (Hubei)”

Quantity of products sold

612,759.69 tonnes

41,858.39 tonnes

51,387.07 tonnes

Revenue (RMB Million)

2,692.2

549.5

476.0

Proportion (%)

72.4

14.8

12.8

From 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (the “reporting year”), the net profit was RMB 356.0 million.  As at 31 December 

2017, the total liabilities and total shareholders’ equity of the Group were RMB 1,359.1 million and RMB 3,088.2 million 

respectively. There was no significant change to the organization and its supply chain in the reporting year.

Sino Grandness aims to be transparent and ethical in all its dealings as well as making positive contribution to the community 

in which it operates.  Led by the Board of Directors, the Group is committed to being a responsible company, upholding the 

following core values in all aspects of it work toward sustainability:

• 

Clear direction, strong leadership and open communication;

• 

Customer focus;

• 

Equality, fairness and transparency;

• 

Development of positive working relationships with others; and

• 

Respect for people



Total number of employees

The Group

2,550

The Group’s office in Shenzhen, the PRC

167

1The operating subsidiaries of Sino Grandness include: Grandness (HK) Industry Co., Limited (“Grandness (HK)”), Shanxi Yongji Huaxin Food Co., Ltd. (“Shanxi Yongji 

Huaxin”), Shenzhen Grandness Industry Groups Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Grandness”), Grandness Group Co., Limited (“Grandness Group”), Garden Fresh (HK) Fruit &amp; 

Vegetable Beverage Co., Limited (“Garden Fresh (HK)”), Grandness (Anhui) Foods Co., Ltd. (“Grandness (Anhui)”), Garden Fresh Group Holding Co., Ltd (“Garden 

Fresh Group”), Garden Fresh Beverage Group Co., Limited (“Garden Fresh Beverage”), Grandness (Sichuan) Foods Co., Ltd. (“Grandness (Sichuan)”), Dongpeng 

(Chengdu) Agricultural Development Co.,Ltd. (“Dongpeng (Chengdu)”), Grandness (Shanxian) Food Co., Ltd (“Grandness (Shanxian)”), Grandness (Hubei) Foods Co., 

Ltd (“Grandness (Hubei)”), Hao Tian Yuan Industry (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. (“Hao Tian Yuan”), Garden Fresh (Shenzhen) Fruit &amp; Vegetable Beverage Co. (“Garden Fresh 

(Shenzhen)”), Limited, Garden Fresh (Hubei) Food &amp; Beverage Co., Limited (“Garden Fresh (Hubei)”), Anhui Garden Fresh Fruit &amp; Vegetable Beverage Co., Limited 

(“Anhui Garden Fresh”), and Garden Fresh (Sichuan) Fruit &amp; Vegetable Beverage Co., Limited (“Garden Fresh (Sichuan)”), as of 31 December 2017.

SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 4


About 



this report



REPORTING BOUNDARY

This report focuses on the operation of Sino Grandness’ business segment of sale of fruit juices (the 

“Garden Fresh” segment) in the reporting year. The reporting boundary covers the operation of the 

Group’s office in Shenzhen, the PRC. While this report does not cover all of the Group’s operations, 

the aim of Sino Grandness is to consistently upgrade the internal data collection procedure and 

gradually expand the scope of disclosure. 

REPORTING STANDARD

This report is prepared in accordance with the ‘comply or explain’ provisions of SGX-ST Listing 

Rules 711A (“LR 711A”), as well as the guidance set out in the Practice Note 7.6: Sustainability 

Reporting Guide (“PN 7.6”) launched by the SGX. The five reporting components prescribed by the 

SGX-ST Listing Rules 711B (“LR 711B”) underline the key structure of this report. It takes reference 

from the sustainability reporting framework provided by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), 

the GRI Standards (version 2016 and 2018). GRI’s Reporting Principles for defining report quality 

– accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness – form the backbone of this 

report. 

To ensure the reporting quality and credibility, Sino Grandness commissioned a professional 

consultant, Carbon Care Asia, to conduct processes of report preparation and stakeholder 

engagement. In addition to the ‘required disclosures’ categorised by GRI, selected topic-specific 

disclosures are included for enhanced reporting. A complete GRI-SGX Content Index is inserted in 

the last chapter for reader’s easy reference.

CONFIRMATION AND APPROvAL

Information documented in this report is sourced from the official documents, statistical data, as 

well as management and operation information of and collected by Sino Grandness according to 

the policies of the Group. The report has received the Board of Directors’ approval in December 

of 2018.

OPINION AND FEEDBACk

Sino Grandness values the opinion of stakeholders. If you have any questions or suggestions 

regarding the content or format of the report, please contact the Group via the following channels:

Address: 56th Floor, Building A, Union Square, 5022 Binhe Avenue, Futian District, Shenzhen

Email: sustainability@grandnessgroups.com

Tel: +86 755 8282 1930 

Fax: +86 755 8282 1934

This is the first Sustainability Report (the “report”) 

published by Sino Grandness. By reporting the 

policies, practices, targets and performances of the 

Group in terms of its material sustainability issues, 

it allows all stakeholders to understand the progress 

and development direction of the Group. The report 

has been uploaded to the website of the Singapore 

Exchange Limited (“SGX”) and Sino Grandness  

(www.sinograndness.com).



5 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017




I am proud to present the first Sustainability Report of 

Sino Grandness. Across the globe, sustainability has never 

been higher on the agenda in the business sector. As a food 

processing business, product safety is always our priority. 

As we make every effort to minimize risk in our production, 

we also work towards advancing Goal 3 of the Sustainable 

Development Goals – Good Health and Well-Being. We 

strive to align the interests of the community and that of our 

business by liaising with internal and external stakeholders. 

The Board of Directors acknowledges that sustainability 

extends well beyond sustainability reporting or the 

disclosure of key performance indicators. Speaking on behalf 

of the management, we hold ourselves accountable for the 

establishment of a sound sustainability governance structure 

and the development and implementation of the Group’s 

sustainability strategies. I am confident that a systematic 

approach to managing our impact will help us stride further in 

our sustainability journey in the future.

This report shares with readers how we analyse and manage 

environmental and social risks to provide a comprehensive 

account of the Group’s performance in a transparent and 

informative manner. We embrace risks because they give us 

the opportunity to become better and differentiate ourselves 

from competitors, whether in terms of product quality, 

employee retention, or mitigation of climate change. Well 

managed, these risks turn into opportunities manifested as 

enhanced reputation, a more satisfied workforce and greater 

stability in the supply chain.

boArd 



stAtement 



Engaging the relevant stakeholders allows the Group to 

identify a clear purpose and achieve agreed outcomes in 

sustainability efforts. As part of preparation of this report, 

we engaged an independent consultant to conduct a series 

of stakeholder engagement exercises. Our stakeholders 

made fundamental contribution to our identification, 

understanding and response to sustainability issues and 

concerns that matter the most to the Group. The engagement 

also helped us make more informed decisions when answering 

stakeholders’ needs. 

To make the most out of this report and prepare for future 

strategic planning, a materiality analysis is conducted based 

on response from our stakeholders as well as the opinion of 

the Group’s management. Through this process we came up 

with five material sustainability issues which relate to the 

economic and social aspects. These issues are dealt with in 

detail in this report to address stakeholders’ concerns.

While the Group has just embarked on its sustainability 

journey, it is clear that the principles of sustainability will 

be essential to risk-proofing its operation. By merging 

sustainability values with the way we carry out business, 

the degree of our success as a business can ultimately be 

measured by how sustainable we are at what we do. In turn, 

this mindset of accountability in the management will lead 

the Group to continue making positive contributions to all 

stakeholders.

 

HUANG YUPENG

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Sino Grandness Food Industry Group Limited 



SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 6


The Board of Directors of Sino Grandness takes sustainability issues in 

consideration as part of its strategic formulation and reviews management 

performance. To assist the Board of Directors in carrying out its principal 

functions, the Board of Directors is supported by the Audit Committee, the 

Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee. A CSR policy has been 

established to guide the review of the Group’s policies, standards and impacts 

with regard to environmental and social issues; as well as key stakeholders 

such as regulators, suppliers, customers and employees.  Garden Fresh Group 

is a member of Shenzhen Agriculture Industrialization Association. 

Sino Grandness’ canned products are compliant with international standards, 

including the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (“HACCP”) food 

safety system, British Retail Consortium (“BRC”), International Food 

Standard (“IFS”) and International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) 

certifications. With these qualifications, the Group’s canned products can be 

exported to overseas customers including the European Union, which has 

strict import requirement for food product in the aspects of environmental and 

food safety.  In the future, the Group is planning to integrate a Sustainability 

Committee to better respond to the socio-environmental challenges. 

sustAinAbility 



governAnce



stAkeholder 



engAgement



Main means of stakeholder engagement

2Stakeholders refer to groups or individuals materially influencing or affected by the Group’s business. 





Stakeholders

Means of Communication

Internal

Board of Directors

Direct mails, regular meetings

Management

Direct mails, regular meetings, internal memo via WeChat/ QQ

General employees

Direct mails, internal memo via WeChat/ QQ

External

Shareholders

Direct mails, regular meetings, Annual General Meetings

Investors

Phone calls, regular meetings

Customers

Visits/ study trips, communication Apps such as WeChat/ QQ

Suppliers

Visits/ study trips, communication Apps such as WeChat/ QQ

Local community groups

Visits, phone calls, local activities

Regulatory agencies

Visits, phone calls



As a key in the management of Sino Grandness, stakeholder participation helps the Group review potential risks and business 

opportunities. Communicating with stakeholders and understanding their views allow the Group to better fulfil their needs 

and expectations with its business practice and manage different stakeholders’ opinions. The Group constantly communicates 

with key internal and external stakeholders via various channels. This ensures that they have the opportunity to learn about the 

Group’s development and operation directions and offers the Group the chance to listen to them in order to identify the priority 

of issues and develop corresponding policies. 

7 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017




Areas

No.

Material issues

Economic

1

Economic Performance 

2

Market Presence

Social

28

Customer Health and Safety 

30

Customer Privacy

31

Socioeconomic Compliance 

To 

ensure 

the 

effectiveness 

of 

stakeholder 

engagement, 

the 

Group 

dedicates 

itself 

to 

establishing 

communication 

mechanisms 

for 

transparency, integrity, accuracy and providing timely 

response. In the future, the Group plans to formulate 

a more systematic annual stakeholder engagement 

plan by integrating it with the Group’s operation plan 

and development goals, as well as to establish an 

evaluation mechanism to support the formulation of 

the Group’s sustainability strategy.

1

Identifying Relevant Topics

2 

Collecting Stakeholder 

Responses

3 

Assessing Material Topics

4 

Validation 

Management Interview:

discussed management 

approach to identify material 

factors and sustainability 

risks

Expert review: 

identified 31 relevant topics

Online questionnaire:

links to a bilingual online 

survey were dispatched to 

156 internal and external 

stakeholders; 

74 valid responses were 

collected (valid response rate 

47%)

Developed a materiality 

matrix (see figure below);  

assessed the materiality of 

topics based on the survey 

results

The Board of Directors 

confirmed the material 

topics for sustainability 

reporting of 2017

Materiality Matrix



Sino Grandness’ impact on the economy, environment, and society

Importance to Stakeholders

16

3

29

18

15

4

5

17

14

20

26

6

23

24

11

10

12

27

21

25

8 13

7

19

9

22

1

30

2

31

28

MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

IN THE REPORTING YEAR

To formulate the Group’s sustainability strategy and direction and to identify material sustainability topics for the Group and its 

stakeholders, the Group commissioned an independent consultant to conduct a management interview. Combining the results 

of the interview and expert advice, the Group selects five critical issues to focus on in this report.

Procedures for materiality analysis

SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 8




Material Factors

Boundaries

Impacts addressed in this Report

Within the Group3 

Outside the Group4 

Customer Privacy 

Sino Grandness

Distributors, customers 

Ethical Operations, [Page 12 - 13]

Customer Health and 

Safety 

Sino Grandness

Customers

Ethical Operations, [Page 12-13]

Market Presence

Sino Grandness

Customers, local community 

groups, regulatory agencies

Economic Performance, [Page 14]

Economic Performance

Sino Grandness

Customers, local community 

groups, regulatory agencies

Economic Performance, [Page 14]

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

Employees of Sino 

Grandness 

Regulatory agencies

Responsible Employer, [Page 15]

boundAries of 



mAteriAl fActors



The impact and influence of each material factor identified may have wider impacts beyond the business operations of Sino 

Grandness or the Group itself, and thus require considerations. The table below summaries where impacts occur for each 

material factor. All topics are material within and outside of the Group. The Group will continue monitoring any significant 

changes in the boundaries of material factors.

3The boundary for impacts within the Group aligns with the reporting boundary.

4The boundary for impacts outside the Group takes reference from the key external stakeholders identified for this reporting year. 







































9 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017




Given the material sustainability issues identified from the stakeholder engagement exercise, the Group has identified the 

following risks and opportunities.

sustAinAbility risks 



And opportunities





RISkS

ReSpOnSeS/ OppORTunITIeS

PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITIES  

Product safety and health requirements are based on the 

safety standard requirement of the target market. Product 

defect and product safety issues may result in loss of trust 

from customers. As the Group has a diverse customer base 

across Asia and Europe, sustaining their trust is critical. 

The operations and market positions of the Group can be 

adversely affected if problems arise with regards to product 

responsibilities.

PRODUCT qUALITY CONTROL

Across the Group, various departments, such as the 

Procurement 

Department 

and 

the 

Quality 

Control 

Department are responsible for monitoring product quality 

according to the policies and procedures established by the 

Group. For instance, the “Quality and Safety Management 

Manual” was in place to guide employees to ensure hygiene 

conditions are in compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations. Applicable to both existing products and the 

development of new products, responsible personnel also 

follow the “Quality and Safety Management Manual” in 

identifying, assessing and managing potential food safety 

risks.

As part of its established procedures in product quality 

control, the Quality Control Department is responsible for 

sampling and inspecting each lot of outbound goods to ensure 

that the quality and hygiene conditions fulfil the Group’s 

criteria before distribution. In addition, the Group has in a 

place an “Unsafe food recall management system”, through 

which the Group would report any unsafe cases to local 

regulatory agencies, and recall the products.    

SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE CONDUCT

In the age of more transparent media and public 

communication, any misconduct of established businesses 

can be rapidly broadcasted leading to reputational risks and 

potential financial loss. Malpractices in employment (e.g. 

discrimination, harassment, child labour, forced labour), 

as well as incidents of socioeconomic non-compliance (e.g. 

corruption and labour issues) threaten business reputation, 

damage employee wellbeing, dispel investors, and affect 

customers’ trust, which may also result in lengthy litigations 

and monetary sanctions. 

MANAGEMENT OvERSIGHT IN SUSTAINABILITY

The Group will consider setting up an active monitoring system 

to identify the changing social norms, legal requirements, and 

administrative regulations in different areas of operations. 

The Board of Directors will continue to take sustainability 

issues into consideration as part of its strategic formulation, 

so as to provide timely response to changing needs of the 

stakeholders and local communities, and uphold the socially 

responsible conduct of the Group.

SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 10






RISkS

ReSpOnSeS/ OppORTunITIeS

CLIMATE CHANGE

Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions from production facilities 

constitute a significant source of risk to current and future 

operations. Increasingly stringent regulatory requirements in 

combating climate change, both at national and international 

levels, would pose regulatory risks to the Group. On the other 

hand, increased frequency or intensity of extreme weather 

conditions could damage the Group’s assets, while changing 

weather patterns could lead to lower productivity and higher 

costs of raw materials, causing disruptions in the supply of 

products.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY 

As energy use is a source of GHG emissions for the Group, 

the Group strives to enhance energy efficiency to reduce its 

operating costs and GHG emissions.

ALTERNATIvE ENERGY SOURCES

The Group may benefit from opportunities created by new 

energy sources around the operation areas, and be able to 

utilize policy incentives for energy efficiency and renewable 

energy. 

OCCUPATIONAL HAzARDS

Without proper management, workers at production facilities 

may be exposed to occupational hazards ranging from 

operation of machines to use of chemicals, compromising 

employee wellbeing and productivity. Non-compliance with 

regulatory requirements on health and safety may also result 

in fines and non-financial sanctions which impact operations 

and affect reputation.

SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

The Group can implement safety management systems 

to control the risks associated with occupational hazards. 

Regular practices of hazard identification, provision of 

adequate personal protective equipment as well education 

are essential to the health and safety of workers.

TALENT RETENTION

Employees are key contributors to value creation in the 

industry. Manufacturers face increasing challenges in 

recruiting and retaining qualified employees. 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND DEvELOPMENT

The Group has in place policies and plans for employee 

training and development. On an annual basis, the 

management identifies training needs, implements training 

plans and evaluates training effectiveness. Employees are also 

encouraged to attend external training courses for further 

personal development.

11 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017




ethicAl operAtions



CUSTOMER PRIvACY

Sino Grandness upholds its sustainability values and 

acknowledges the importance of protecting the data privacy 

of its customers, which are distributors of the Group’s 

beverage, canned fruit and canned vegetable products. To 

assure the protection of customer privacy, Sino Grandness 

emphasises confidentiality in its operations and has 

established relevant procedures in the Employee Handbook. 

Employees are required to follow standards of non-disclosure 

at work and refrain from disclosing confidential information 

in personal interaction or public events. 

Highlights of Customer Privacy Protection Measures

• 

Investing in the strengthening of the Group’s computer 

and internet security systems to reduce the risks of 

data leakage;

• 

Conducting 

training 

programs 

to 

enhance 

the 

awareness of employees in avoiding leaking customers’ 

information;

• 

Assigning designated employees to establish, distribute, 

use, copy, extract, store and dispose confidential 

information with oversight by the Chairperson. 

Designated 

employees 

must 

store 

confidential 

information in secured media when distributing or 

carrying out of the Group.

Management of Data Leakage

When employees suspect or discover cases of leakage, they 

would take mitigation measures and report to the Human 

Resources and Administration Department.  For cases 

not incurring significant impact or economic loss for the 

Group, and that mitigation measures have been effectively 

implemented, Sino Grandness would issue a warning or 

deduct a specific amount from the performance related pay of 

the involved employee.  For cases incurring significant impact 

or economic loss for the Group, such as stealing confidential 

information for others, or using one’s authority to force 

others to violate confidentiality rules, Sino Grandness would 

consider dismissing the involved employee, requesting 

compensation comparable to the loss of the Group, or 

reporting to the judiciary.

Performance

The number of substantiated complaints received concerning 

breaches of customer privacy is summarized as follows:

Number of substantiated complaints received concerning 

breaches of customer privacy

Complaints received from outsides parties 

and substantiated by the organization

Complaints from regulatory bodies

Total number of identified leaks, thefts or 

losses of customer data

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

Sino Grandness strives to provide quality products that 

ensure the health and safety of consumers. The Procurement 

Department, the Quality Control Department and the 

Production Department are responsible for managing the 

production process according to the “Quality and Safety 

Management Manual”, to ensure hygiene conditions are in 

compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

quality Control

According to the Group’s inspection procedures and 

standards, the Quality Control Department inspects the 

purchased food at the suppliers’ premises before receiving 

the food, or at the Group’s production facility after receiving 

the food.  The inspection results would be passed to the 

Procurement Department, which evaluates the overall 

performance of its food suppliers and maintains a “Supplier 

List”. The Group would only procure from suppliers in the 

“Supplier List”.

With regards to production, the Production Department 

stores and treats the food in accordance with the production 

procedures and standards.  Before commencement and at the 

end of daily operations, employees at the production facility 

have to inspect and ensure their equipment are conforming 

to its hygiene standards.  The Quality Control Department 

acts as a third party responsible for inspecting the overall 

hygiene condition of the production facility.  In case of non-

conformance, the Production Department has to address the 

issues before resuming production. In terms of transporting 

raw materials, packaging materials and finished goods, the 

Group uses sanitized logistic fleets and takes precautionary 

measures to prevent contamination.

0

0

0

SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 12


Emergency Plan of Food Safety Incidents

The Group has established an emergency plan to improve the Group’s food safety management system and capacity to respond 

to food safety incidents, as well as minimize the impact caused by food safety incidents. 



Targets for 2018

Customer privacy

Zero substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer 

privacy

Customer Health 

and Safety

Zero incident of non-compliance with regulations concerning the health and 

safety impacts of the Group’s products



Food Safety 

Human Resources 

and

Administration 

Department

Responsible personnel:

- Collect and transmit information; and

- Implement mitigation measures



Food Safety 

Leading Team

Responsible personnel:

General manager (Chair), 

Deputy General Manager 

and Head of each department

Responsibilities:

- Identify root causes; and

- Propose mitigation measures

Responsibilities:

Human Resources and Administration 

Department (Chair), Quality Control 

Department, Production Department and 

Procurement Department

The Group abides by laws and regulations in relation to food safety and production safety, including but not limited to the “Food 

Safety Law of People’s Republic of China”, “Food production license management measures”,  “General rules of Audit”, “Beverage 

product production license Audit rules”, “National Food Safety Standards - General Hygienic Practice for Food Production”, 

“People’s Republic of China Product Quality Law” and “Consumer Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China”. The Group 

did not identify any non-compliance with local laws and regulations relating to customer health and safety during the reporting 

year. 

Going forward, the Group has set out social targets in terms of ethical operations:

13 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017


economic presence



MARkET PRESENCE

Sino Grandness’ production facilities in the PRC are located 

in four provinces, namely Shandong, Shanxi, Sichuan and 

Hubei. The Group strives to contribute to the economic 

development of local communities by employing locally.  The 

Group assigns the Human Resources and Administration 

Department to manage the remuneration system, which 

abides by “the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”. 

To ensure the remuneration package is competitive in the 

market, the Group enhanced the professionalism of employee 

who research the compensation information on regular 

basis.  In addition, the Group has a grievance mechanism to 

provide a channel for employees to voice their opinion and 

recommendation on remuneration-related issues.

Senior management hired from the local community

The Group strives to employ senior management at director 

and executive level from local communities as well.  In the 

reporting year, the percentage of senior management that 

are hired from the local community  at significant locations of 

operation, namely the Group’s office and production facility 

in Shenzhen, is 27%.

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

The Group aims at further increasing the brand visibility 

and accessibility of its products.  Sino Grandness are set to 

capitalise on the opportunities from the increasing demand 

for convenient healthy lifestyle products and the rising 

e-commerce industry in the PRC to generate greater brand 

value and returns. 

Direct economic value generated and distributed

5Local community refers to registered Shenzhen residents. 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change

Climate change may lead to reduced crop yields including 

fruits, thereby increasing raw material procurement costs. 

Sino Grandness assigns the Procurement Department to keep 

monitoring the availability and price of the fruits, and adjust 

the product spectrum according to trends on the supply side. 

In the future, the Group will develop a risk management plan, 

in which the Group identifies potential risks, evaluate the 

impacts of each risk, and formulate management approaches 

for prioritized risks with regard to climate change.  

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

Sino Grandness contributes to the social insurance of all 

employees in compliance with the “The Social Insurance 

Law of the People’s Republic of China”.  This insurance is 

equivalent to a mandatory retirement plan; and the value of 

the insurance is RMB30,504,000.

Financial assistance received from government

Sino Grandness does not have any government present in 

its shareholding structure.  Total monetary value of financial 

assistance received by the organization from government is 

listed below:



economic value breakdown

RMB (‘000)

Direct economic 

value generated

Revenue

3,717,734

Economic value 

distributed

Operating costs

844,729

Employee wages 

and benefits

30,504

Payments to 

providers of capital

0

Payments to

government

168,972

Community 

investments

0

Economic value 

retained

2,673,529



RMB (‘000)

Tax relief and tax credits

0



Subsidies

0



Investment grants, research and 

development grants, and other 

relevant types of grant

21



Awards

0



Royalty holidays

0



Financial assistance from Export 

Credit Agencies (ECAs)

0



Financial incentives

0



Other financial benefits received or 

receivable from any government 

for any operation

0



SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 14






employment Category

   Male

Female

Total

permanent

Fixed-term  

responsible 



employer



As of 31 December 2017, there were a total 167 full-time employees at Sino Grandness with no part-time employees. The 

number of permanent and fixed-term employees6  is listed below: 

In the reporting year, the Group’s activities are all performed by its employees7. Employees at Sino Grandness are yet to be 

covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

To ensure the day-to-day operations of the company is in compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area, 

including “The Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”, “The Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China” and 

“The Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China”.  Each department of the Group is responsible for monitoring 

regulatory changes related to its function.  When there are changes in regulatory requirements, department heads would 

provide an update to the department, and conduct training to ensure employees are aware of the requirements and implement 

follow up actions.

In the reporting year, the Group did not identify any cases of non-compliance with regard to laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area.  

Going forward, the Group has set out social targets for its employment and labour practices:

2



1



3



103



61



164



6The definitions of full-time, part-time, permanent and fixed-term employees are based on the definitions stipulated in “The Labour Law of the People’s Republic 

of China”. 

7With reference to the sustainability reporting framework provided by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), the GRI Standards, the term ‘workers’ includes, 

but is not limited to, employees. Examples of workers include interns, apprentices, self-employed persons, etc. In the reporting year, the Group’s activities 

are all performed by its employees.







Targets for 2018

Occupational Health 

and Safety

Adopt a zero-tolerance approach to safety accidents 

Increase participation in health training 

Facilitate employees’ participation in the review of the occupational health and safety 

management system

Labour Standards

Eliminate the use of child labour

Eliminate all forms of forced or compulsory labour

OHS

15 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017


gri-sgX content 



indeX















Disclosure

Description

SGX

page

Remarks

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

-

4

-

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

-

4

-

102-3

Location of headquarters

-

4

-

102-4

Location of operations

-

4

-

102-5

Ownership and legal form

-

4

-

102-6

Markets served

-

4

-

102-7

Scale of the organization

-

4

-

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

-

4,15

-

102-9

Supply chain

-

4

-

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

-

4

-

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

-

10

-

102-12

External initiatives

-

7

-

102-13

Membership of associations 

-

7

-

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

LR711B-1e

6

-

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

PN7.6-3.3

10-11

-

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

-

4

Governance

102-18

Governance structure 

PN7.6-3.1

7

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics

PN7.6-3.7

7-8

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts

PN7.6-3.3

7-8

Stakeholder Engagement

PN7.6-3.7

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

15

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

7-8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

7-8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

8-9

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

-

4

-

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

-

5,9

-

102-47

List of material topics 

-

8-9

-

102-48

Restatements of information

-

-

102-49

Changes in reporting 

-

-

102-50

Reporting period 

-

5

-

102-51

Date of most recent report 

-

-

102-52

Reporting cycle

-

5

-

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

-

5

-

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

LR711B-1d

5

102-55

GRI content index

-

16-17

-

102-56

External assurance 

PN7.6-3.8

5

-

GRI-referenced claim

is included.

Not applicable 

(first report)

Not applicable 

(first report)

Not applicable 

(first report)

SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017 16














Disclosure

Description

SGX

page

Remarks

Material Topics

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

103

Management approach disclosures

LR711B-1 b&amp;c

14

-

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

-

14

-

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 

climate change

-

14

-

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

-

14

-

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

-

14

-

GRI 202: Market Presence 2016

103

Management approach disclosures

LR711B-1 b&amp;c

14

-

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local community

-

14

-

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016  

103

Management approach disclosures

LR711B-1 b&amp;c

12-13

-

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

-

13

-

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016  

103

Management approach disclosures

LR711B-1 b&amp;c

12-13

-

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and losses of customer data

-

12

-

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016  

103

Management approach disclosures

LR711B-1 b&amp;c

15

-

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic 

area

-

15

-

17 SINO GRANDNESS  FOOD INDUSTRY GROUP LIMITED  |  SuStainability REPORt 2017

