
 

Page 1 of 12 

 

 

 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited  

Sustainability Report 2021 

 

About SinoCloud 

 

IDC Business 

 

SinoCloud Group Limited (“we”, the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) 

started as an information technology and professional services provider in 2003, serving the banking 

and financial services industry in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).  We are committed to 

empowering enterprises with data services.  

 

The Group recognises the importance of business expansion and diversification to meet ever-evolving 

information technology (“IT”) demands. In October 2015, the Group expanded its business to include 

the provision of internet data center (“IDC”) services with its acquisition of 63% effective equity 

interests in Guiyang Tech Gaoxin Digital Technologies Limited (“Guiyang Tech”), an IDC asset in the 

city of Guiyang, Guizhou province, the PRC. Currently, the Group has an effective equity interest of 

60% in the Guiyang Tech, where the remaining 40% is owned by Guiyang Gaoxin Big Data Fund 

Company. 

 

Guiyang Tech is principally engaged in the business of operating IDC services, cloud computing and big 

data services, with a hosting capacity of 5,000 racks. Development of hosting capacity of 5,000 racks 

will be divided into phases, which shall be tied to its target capacity requirement as well as 

commissioning schedule, in order to minimise the burden on capital expenditure. As such, the current 

expansion of hosting capacity of 1,500 racks out of the 5,000 shall only continue, when the respective 

customer orders are expected to be secured.  

 

Business Diversification 

 

The Company had, on 30 October 2020, obtained the approval of shareholders of the Company 

(“Shareholders”) at a special general meeting for the proposed diversification of the Group’s business 

to include businesses in the following areas (“Proposed Diversification”):- 

 






 

Page 2 of 12 

(i) 

Tourism – investment in and operation of travel agencies, accommodation and transportation 

services in coaches, yacht and private jet; 

 

(ii) 

Food and Beverage – investment in and operation of food and beverage outlets (being 

restaurants, cafes and bars, fast food outlets, catering and bakery) and trading of food and 

beverage products; and 

 

(iii) 

Entertainment – investment in and operation of shopping and experience centres, theme 

parks, nightclubs, e-gaming and e-sports franchise and facilities. 

 

The Company has actively sought out opportunities to improve Shareholders’ long-term return. The 

Proposed Diversification would reduce the Group’s reliance on and mitigate against volatility of its 

existing business, by diversifying its revenue and income stream. For the avoidance of doubt, the 

Group remains committed to the continuance of its existing business in the provision of IDC services. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected many industries, with the tourism, food and beverage and 

entertainment sectors appearing to be most affected. However, the pandemic has created a window 

of opportunity where the valuation of certain businesses is relatively tempted. 

 

Sustainability and Business Strategy 

 

The management of the Company recognises that sustainability is a key component of the Group‘s 

long term business strategy. This Sustainability Report (“Report”) focuses on the sustainability 

practices and strategies of the Group. We seek to meet the interests of our stakeholders by providing 

non-financial information of the Group and demonstrate our efforts to report to Shareholders and 

other stakeholders on the steps that we are taking to achieve a sustainable business model and our 

achievements and action plans to contribute to the society and a more sustainable environment.  

 

In today’s investment climate, non-tangible financial factors are becoming increasingly important to 

our stakeholders. Stakeholders are beginning to look beyond economic and operational factors in 

evaluating management and corporate accountability. This Report is based on economic, social and 

environmental issues that are material to our Group and serve as a platform for us to communicate 

our achievements and plans to our Stakeholders. 

 

Board Statement 

 

We are pleased to present our fourth sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June (“FY”) 

2021. Sustainability is highly regarded by the board of directors (“Board” or “Directors”) and senior 

management of the Company, which is an integral part of the Group’s philosophy. We believe that we 

can play our part in contributing to environmental preservation by minimising the impact of our 

operations on the environment. We will continue our efforts in generating meaningful and sustainable 

impacts for our stakeholders. 

 

In FY2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to have substantial adverse impact on global economy, 

including the Group’s IDC business in the PRC, resulting in further decrease in revenue. We stay 

committed to prioritising the safety of our employees in compliance with local regulations on the 

necessary measures to ensure that they are well-prepared in keeping themselves safe, as well as to 

ensure no discontinuation of service under a safe environment. 

 

The Board oversees the management of the Company to monitor and promote accountability, 

integrity and transparency for the continued sustainability of the Group’s businesses and value 

creation for its stakeholders in the long run, in order to enable the Group to manage and address the 


 

Page 3 of 12 

Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) factors, which are important to our businesses. It is 

widely accepted that good ESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of the Group and 

form an important part under the keen competition. 

 

Report Scope and Sustainability Reporting Framework 

 

All data and statistics provided in this Report are in relation to the Group’s operations, addressing the 

activities and data that fall within the Group for the 12-month financial year from 1 July 2020 to 30 

June 2021 (“FY2021”), and the figures are represented in Hong Kong dollars.  

 

This Report focuses on addressing the Group’s ESG issues in line with Rules 711A and 711B of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”). With this information, we aspire to provide stakeholders with an accurate, complete and 

meaningful overview on how we manage these sustainability issues across our business sectors.  

 

This Report adopts the reporting framework set out under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

Standards and based on a Group-wide materiality assessment in consultation with the Board, we 

believe the GRI Standards is internationally recognised and widely adopted. The GRI content index 

and relevant references are disclosed in pages 10 to 11 of this Report. 

 

This Report, together with the Corporate Governance Report on pages 11 to 56 of our Annual Report 

2021, illustrates the Group’s ESG factors and the policies, practices and performance of the business 

operations.   

 

We welcome all feedback on this Report to enable us to consistently improve our policies and systems. 

Please send your feedback and comments to enquiry@sinocloudgroup.com. 

 

Sustainability Overview 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

We carefully listen to our stakeholders and actively respond to their concerns.  We have identified and 

engaged with our key stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, customers, employees, 

suppliers, public institutions and regulators, media and non-government organisations (“NGOs”), as 

well as communities.  We have collected their key ESG-related areas of focus and established 

communication channels to ensure continued effective engagement. 

 

Stakeholders 

Key ESG-related areas of focus 

Main communication channels 

Shareholders and 

Investors 

⚫ 

Business ethics and anti-

corruption 

⚫ 

Privacy and data security 

⚫ 

Annual reports 

⚫ 

Quarterly result 

announcements 

⚫ 

News releases 

⚫ 

Meetings with investors 

Customers 

⚫ 

Privacy and data security 

⚫ 

Customer service 

⚫ 

Corporate website 

⚫ 

Social media platforms 

⚫ 

Customer service hotline 

Employees 

⚫ 

Employee health and 

safety 

⚫ 

Development &amp; training 

⚫ 

Labour standards 

⚫ 

Communication meetings 

⚫ 

Internal announcements 

⚫ 

Complaint boxes 

Suppliers 

⚫ 

Supplier management 

⚫ 

Communication meetings 

⚫ 

Business negotiation 


 

Page 4 of 12 

Stakeholders 

Key ESG-related areas of focus 

Main communication channels 

⚫ 

Business ethics and anti-

corruption 

Public institutions and 

Regulators 

⚫ 

Business ethics and anti-

corruption 

⚫ 

Privacy and data security 

⚫ 

Labour standards 

⚫ 

Event reporting 

⚫ 

Information disclosure 

⚫ 

Regular inquiries 

Media and NGOs 

⚫ 

Use of resources 

⚫ 

Privacy and data security 

⚫ 

News releases 

⚫ 

Social media 

Communities 

⚫ 

Community engagement 

⚫ 

Public welfare activities 

⚫ 

Community activities 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Based on our Group-wide materiality assessment, we have outlined our strategic sustainability 

priorities through these steps:- 

 

1. 

Defining key issues which impact the execution of our business strategy; 

2. 

Identifying critical areas that affect our businesses and stakeholders; 

3. 

Prioritising these critical factors and validate internally as pressing issues to address; and  

4. 

Embedding best practices within our business operation processes where applicable. 

 

The Group identified the specific ESG factors which are material to the Group based on our knowledge 

of our respective business areas, the challenges faced by the industry and the corresponding 

implications for the Group’s businesses and operations. We also considered the insights that we 

gained from our day-to-day engagements and consultations with various stakeholders to establish the 

direction for our sustainability reporting. 

 

During FY2021, we identified 8 topics that could be material to our stakeholders and the Group. This 

was done through interviews and continuous engagement with our stakeholders. The materiality 

assessment is endorsed by the Board, and these priorities are reviewed on a yearly basis. The 

assessment provides important guidance for setting our sustainability strategy and fostering 

sustainable operations. 

 

We identified customer privacy and data security, and business ethics and anti-corruption as high 

material topics. Other material topics include employee health and safety, development and training, 

labour standards, use of resources, supplier management, and community engagement. We will 

discuss each of these topics separately in the following chapters of the Report. 

 


 

Page 5 of 12 

 

 

Material ESG Factors 

 

The Group has identified the following material ESG factors that are important to the sustainability of 

our organisation and business, rank according to risk and prioritisation:- 

 

(a) 

Corporate Governance 

(b) 

Customers 

(c) 

Employees 

(d) 

Suppliers 

(e) 

Environment 

(f) 

Communities 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Board Independence 

 

The Board sets high standards for the Company's employees, officers and directors. It is the duty of 

the Board to serve as a prudent fiduciary for shareholders and to oversee the management of the 

Company's business. 

 

60% of Board members are 

independent directors 

As of 30 June 2021, our Board consists of 5 Directors, out of which 

3 are Independent Directors. 

We have established 3 

committees within the Board 

We have established an audit committee, a remuneration 

committee, and a nominating committee under our Board (“Board 

Committees”); and have adopted a charter for each of the Board 

Committees, setting forth clear responsibilities, procedures and 

standards for sound corporate governance. 

All committees have at least 

one independent director 

Each of the Board Committees is chaired by an Independent 

Director and all the members of the Board Committees are 

Independent Directors.    

Diverse professional 

backgrounds 

Our Directors have rich industry experience and come from 

diverse backgrounds, including finance and real estate, electronics 

engineering, investment banking, financial management, auditing, 

and accounting. 




 

Page 6 of 12 

 

Risk Management 

 

We regard strong risk management as a key foundation for our sustained growth. We 

comprehensively review and assess the risks of the Company and establish and maintain effective risk 

management and internal control systems to ensure stable and efficient business operations. 

 

We has established our risk management structure based on the COSO (Committee of Sponsoring 

Organisation) framework, wherein the Board takes the overall responsibility for risk management and 

decision-making. 

 

Business and functional 

departments 

Risk management teams 

Internal audit team 

⚫ 

Executing frontline risk 

assessment, 

identification and control 

in business operations 

⚫ 

Formulating risk 

management policies and 

strategies 

⚫ 

Supervising the 

implementation of risk 

control measures at the 

first line 

⚫ 

Evaluating the 

effectiveness of the 

Company’s risk 

management systems 

⚫ 

Following up on 

rectification measures 

against identified 

problems 

 

Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption 

 

We strictly abide by all applicable laws and regulations of all places of operation and has formulated 

a set of anti-fraud, anti-corruption and anti-bribery policies to guide ethical management of the 

Company and cooperation with our business partners. 

 

Our internal control team oversees business ethics compliance across the Group. We have established 

risk identification and response mechanisms associated with anti-fraud and anti-bribery, and whistle-

blowing mechanism, to foster a culture of honesty and accountability. For FY2021, there was no 

confirmed incident of fraud, corruption, bribery or whistle-blowing reported. Our target for FY2022 is 

to maintain zero incident of fraud, corruption, bribery or whistle-blowing reported. 

 

Customers 

 

Data Security and Privacy 

 

Data security and privacy are our highest priority. We are committed to providing customers with safe, 

reliable, stable and high-quality hosting and broadband services. Maintaining the security and 

availability of our infrastructure, systems, platform, network, and the security of information we hold 

is a critical issue for us and our customers. Hence, we put every effort into protecting user privacy and 

data security. 

 

We strictly abide by all applicable laws and regulations of all the places we operate in. We also keep 

track of any changes or updates of relevant laws and regulations and make timely adjustments to 

ensure compliant operations. We have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect 

customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and 

processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor or customer. For 

FY2021, there was no complaint concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data 

reported. Our target for FY2022 is to maintain zero complaint concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data reported. 


 

Page 7 of 12 

 

Customer Service 

 

Our customers can be classified into two groups, data hosting customers that use our data hosting 

service on a mass scale, and broadband customers that use our broadband products on a relatively 

small scale. We adopt various service models to suit different service needs. For data hosting 

customers, we engage dedicated specialists to address customer needs throughout the servicing 

period. 

 

For broadband customers, we set a special telephone line to address their needs efficiently. 

 

Employees 

 

Recruitment and Employment 

 

Our staffs are our key assets. Our Group’s framework for managing employees emphasizes 

performance, achievements, and activities irrespective of employment status. We expect our 

employees to put the Group’s interests into practice and raise their level of professionalism. Our 

employees’ concept of work focuses on performance and achievement through this approach. This 

approach has firmly taken root across the Group. 

 

Our personnel development is anchored in each employee’s aspiration to learn and grow by setting 

goals on his or her own initiative. Our basic policy for personnel development is to offer on-the-job 

training complemented and enhanced by off-the-job group training. At each workplace, we clearly 

define the roles of staff responsible for different aspects of training under a system in which each 

employee sets his or her own annual education plan as a means for raising motivation to learn by 

systematically addressing both the workplace and employee needs and interests. Moreover, to meet 

the needs of the ever-changing business environment, we are focused on nurturing human resources 

with advanced expertise and responsiveness to change, as well as systematic identification of those 

who can demonstrate their talents in the marketplace. 

 

The Group acknowledges the importance of social equity and the provision of equal opportunities in 

an environment that is safe and healthy for its employees; this includes hiring without prejudice, 

regardless of age, gender and ethnicity. We strictly prohibit child labour and forced labour and have 

established relevant procedures and remediation measures. We respect the human rights of our 

employees and partners and have formulated human rights policies based on the United Nations 

Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), International Covenant on Economic, 

Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) and other internationally recognised human rights principles. 

 

Salary and Promotion 

 

The Group provides its employees with competitive salaries and performance-based shares. 

 

To achieve this:- 

 

(a) we will conduct regular reviews to ensure that our remuneration package is in line with industry 

standard and commensurate with the job; 

 

(b) we will offer a sustainable performance bonus based on the Group’s and the employee’s 

performance; 

 


 

Page 8 of 12 

(c) we will identify and promote deserving staff with potential to develop their career in the 

organisation; and 

 

(d) we will align our human resource policies to comply with labour laws and regulations in respect 

of minimum wage requirements, social security contribution requirements and work hours etc. 

 

Guiyang Tech, the Company’s principal subsidiary, conducts annual review of the remuneration 

package of its staff. The management of Guiyang Tech will ensure that the human resource policies 

are in line with the relevant labour laws and regulations of the PRC. In addition, the Company has a 

performance share plan in place to reward all management and staff in accordance with their 

performance and the Group’s performance objective. For FY2021, the Company did not issue any 

performance shares. 

 

Appraisal and promotion are conducted annually each year. Promotion decisions are based on 

comprehensive considerations of individual applications, qualifications assessment and performance 

review results, which are free from any sex and race discrimination. 

 

Employee Health and Safety 

 

The health and safety of our employees always remain our top priority. We strictly abide by applicable 

laws, regulations and internationally recognised practices in conducting our operation to protect all 

our employees. 

 

We emphasize the importance of fire safety management in our workplace. We conduct regular safety 

inspections and fire drills to enhance employees’ safety awareness and emergency response skills.  For 

FY2021, there was no reported incident of work-related injuries or fatalities. Our target for FY2022 is 

to maintain zero reported incident of fraud, corruption, bribery or whistle-blowing. 

 

Suppliers 

 

Selecting New Suppliers 

 

In selecting new suppliers, we assess candidates on product quality, compliance information, ESG 

performance, operation stability and other dimensions through research and on-site audits. 

Particularly, hardware equipment manufacturers are required to have the "China Energy Conservation 

Product Certification", or other certificates that can demonstrate their solid environmental 

performance. 

 

Evaluating Suppliers 

 

We have established comprehensive supplier evaluation and appraisal systems to promote consistent 

quality delivery of our suppliers. We conduct a comprehensive evaluation for the server and 

broadband providers. We expect our suppliers to comply with all applicable local laws and regulations 

and adhere to the international ESG standards. 

 

Environment 

 

Use of Resources 

 

Preserving the environment is necessary for the long-term sustainability of our business, and they are 

mutually dependent. While creating value in our business, we aim to minimise the impact that our 

activities have on the environment and proactively seek alternative means for more effective and 


 

Page 9 of 12 

sustainable use of resources. Our Group’s mission is to adopt and implement environmentally green 

solutions in our business and we expect our business partners and service providers to commit and 

adhere to the same standards. 

 

Our Group has policy in place to address the following:-   

 

(a) 

implement systematic cuts to paper usage and waste volumes; 

 

(b) engage each employee in thinking about the environment and making his or her own 

contribution actively via recycling of used paper; and 

 

(c) 

promote proactive environmental communication, within and outside the Group. 

 

We have obtained Shareholders’ approval to issue electronic copies of our annual report starting from 

FY2019. For FY2020 and FY2021, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and certain measures put in place by 

the Singapore Government, the Company held its annual general meeting (“AGM”) for FY2020 and 

FY2021 by way of electronic means through “live” webcast and “live” audio-only means, pursuant to 

the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable 

Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. The notice of 

AGM, proxy forms, and annual report of the Company were disseminated to Shareholders through 

publication on SGXNet and the Company’s corporate website. As a result, no hardcopy of our annual 

reports was printed for FY2020 and FY2021, and thus reducing paper usage and waste volumes.  

 

Communities 

 

With the market’s focus on corporate behaviour, the short-sighted behaviour of maximising financial 

returns to shareholders is no longer the only management goal of business. The Group stays proactive 

in fulfilling the responsibilities as a corporate citizen of the community. 

 

As a responsible corporation, the Group is committed to extending the efforts from own operation to 

the wider society. The Group believes that its staff are the core value makers in the society. The Group 

will continue to pool the strengths and commit itself in increasing community participation, balance 

of interests of stakeholders and strives to build a corporate-community relationship that promotes 

harmony, security and prosperity. 

 

Our operations have no significant actual and potential negative impacts on the local communities. 

Although the Group has not established and documented a specific community policy, social care is 

deep-seated in the Group’s corporate culture. Employees are encouraged to participate in various 

charitable events and community service.  

 

 


 

Page 10 of 12 

GRI Content Index  

 

Statement of use 

SinoCloud Group Limited has reported the information citied in this GRI 

content index for the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 with reference 

to the GRI Standards.  

GRI 1 used 

GRI 1: Foundation 2021 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Location 

Universal Standards 

GRI 2-1 

Organisational details 

a. Legal name 

 

b. Nature of ownership 

and legal form 

 

 

c. Location of 

headquarters 

 

 

d. Countries of operation  

 

SinoCloud Group Limited 

 

Company’s website at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ and pages 

111 to 115 of the Annual Report 2021 

 

Company’s website at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ and page 

10 of the Annual Report 2021 

 

Company’s website at 

https://www.sinocloudgroup.com/ and page 

10 of the Annual Report 2021 

GRI 2-2 

Entities included in the 

organisation’s 

sustainability reporting 

All subsidiaries of the Company are listed in 

pages 111 to 115 of the Annual Report 2021 

GRI 2-3 

Reporting period, 

frequency and contact 

point 

Reporting period: from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 

2021 

Frequency: annual 

Contact point: enquiry@sinocloudgroup.com 

GRI 2-4 

Restatements of 

information 

None 

GRI 2-5 

External assurance 

No external assurance obtained for this Report 

GRI 2-6 

Activities, value chain and 

other business 

relationships 

a. Sector in which it is 

active 

b. Activities, products, 

services and markets 

served 

 

 

 

Pages 1 to 7 of the Annual Report 2021 

 

Pages 1 to 7 of the Annual Report 2021 

GRI 2-7 

Employees 

Pages 8 to 9 of the Annual Report 2021, and 

pages 7 to 8 of this Report 

GRI 2-9 

Governance structure and 

composition 

Pages 11 to 56 of the Annual Report 2021, and 

pages 5 to 6 of this Report 

GRI 2-22 

Statement on sustainable 

development strategy 

Page 2 of this Report 

GRI 2-23 

Policy commitments 

Page 2 of this Report 

GRI 2-29 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Pages 3 to 4 of this Report 

GRI 3-1 

Process to determine 

material topics 

Pages 4 to 5 of this Report 


 

Page 11 of 12 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Location 

GRI 3-2 

List of material topics 

 

Page 5 of this Report 

GRI 3-3 

Management of material 

topics 

Pages 5 to 9 of this Report 

Topic Standards 

GRI 205-1 

 

 

GRI 205-2 

 

 

 

 

GRI 205-3 

 

 

Operations assessed for 

risks related to corruption 

 

Communication and 

training about anti-

corruption policies and 

procedures 

 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken 

 

Page 6 of this Report 

 

 

Page 6 of this Report 

 

 

 

 

Page 6 of this Report 

GRI 302-1 

 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

 

Pages 8 to 9 of this Report 

GRI 404-1 

Average hours training per 

year per employee 

The Group will identify the necessary on-job 

training to our employees in order to maintain 

their skills up to date. We are in the process of 

formalising and planning the training going 

forward. 

 

GRI 408-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour 

 

Page 7 to 8 of this Report 

GRI 409-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or 

compulsory labour 

 

Page 7 to 8 of this Report 

GRI 413-1 

 

 

 

 

GRI 413-2 

 

 

 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments and 

development programs 

 

Operations with significant 

actual and potential 

negative impacts on local 

communities 

 

Page 9 of this Report 

 

 

 

 

Page 9 of this Report 

 

GRI 418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and 

losses of customer data 

Page 6 of this Report 

 


 

Page 12 of 12 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.  

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 

