
 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents 

CEO’s Message ......................................................................................................... 3 

SLB’s Sustainability Story .......................................................................................... 4 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 7 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 9 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................. 10 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................... 11 

Reporting Practice .................................................................................................... 12 

Design for Sustainability ........................................................................................... 14 

Workplace Health and Safety ................................................................................... 18 

Our People, Our Assets ........................................................................................... 18 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  ..................................................................... 20 

GRI Standards Content Index   ................................................................................ 20 

 

 

 


3 

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Dear Valued Stakeholders, 

I am pleased to present the first sustainability report of SLB Development Ltd (“SLB”) 

since our listing on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 20 April 2018. 

Prior to our spin-off from Lian Beng Group Ltd (“Lian Beng”), we have had 17 years 

of experience in the Singapore property development industry as the property 

development arm of Lian Beng. Over the years, we have diversified our portfolio so 

that we can manage risks and undertake more property development projects on a 

larger scale. We have also established ample resources and strong business 

relationships to explore more local and overseas growth opportunities to expand our 

business. Despite operating in a very competitive property development sector, we will 

continue to ensure high standards for our site safety and product quality. 

The Group is committed to being an environmentally sustainable real estate developer, 

and we genuinely believe in building a green future by delivering innovative and 

environmentally sustainable designs. We also strive to operate in an environmentally 

conscious manner and comply with environmental rules and regulations. We have 

implemented the Environment Management System, which effectively aligns the 

management of environmental aspects relevant to each entity in the Group, and this 

extends to all our employees and suppliers.  

Going forward, we will continue to instil a corporate culture that focuses on 

sustainability through practical implementation of environmental initiatives for all 

assets, projects and development sites.  

 

MR MATTHEW ONG  

Executive Director and CEO 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

SLB’s Sustainability Story   

 

Mission:  

To achieve pre-determined quality outcome, cost expectation and key project timeline. 

 

Vision:  

To be an environmentally sustainable real estate developer genuinely believing in 

building a practical green future.  

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

The Group is committed to having a positive impact on the environment and society. 

We integrate sustainability into our business across all levels and stakeholders, taking 

the concerns of our stakeholders into consideration during operations.  

We have implemented measures to ensure that our suppliers and contractors are 

informed of their environmental responsibilities and able to meet the standards 

expected by the Group. We hold regular site meetings with our main contractors to 

monitor the Health and Safety standards at our project sites.  

 

While the economic landscape for the property development industry remains 

competitive, we believe that we are able to harness our strong fundamentals to 

navigate in the present business environment and deliver both economic and social 

returns for our stakeholders.  

 

Sustainability Targets 

The Group look forward  to deliver more sustainable designs for the built environment 

and help to protect the environment for future generations. We strive to maximize 

energy conservation and implement innovative, energy-efficient technologies in our 

buildings. We target to achieve BCA building energy benchmark for the completion of 

all property development projects. 

We continue to build on and improve our workplace health and safety environment 

and continue stringent due diligence checks on our contractors and subcontractors. 

We pledge to promote safety and strive for zero accidents at our project sites.  

 

Noteworthy Awards 

Prior to our spin-off from Lian Beng, Lian Beng (including our Group) won “Best 

Boutique Developer” and “Best Industrial Development” for T-Space @ Tampines, and 

“Best Luxury Condo Architectural Design” for Spottiswoode Suites in the PropertyGuru 

Asia Property Awards Singapore 2017. After our spin-off, SLB also won the FIABCI 

award for the Residential (High Rise) Category for Spottiswoode Suites. These awards 

are testimonial to our pursuit for quality and excellence.  

 

 


5 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

Environmental 

 

Our Group establishes key initiatives to assess and reduce environmental impact prior 

to commencing a property development project, which include the following: 

 

• Carrying out environmental impact assessment studies during the project feasibility 

stage, to identify any environmental threats or opportunities related to the site and 

its surroundings, such as air quality, connectivity, heritage and resources. The 

significant findings and cost implications from the studies are then factored into our 

Group’s assessment of the feasibility of the project. 

• Setting “green” rating targets early so that the design fundamentals of the project 

will be able to incorporate such targets. Our Group strives to achieve the Building 

and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark Certification target for all its 

property development projects in Singapore. 

• Selecting ISO 14000 certified contractors to implement the requisite onsite 

measures. 

 

 

BCA Green Mark is a green building rating system that comprehensively evaluates the 

environmental impact and performance of a building. The assessment criteria evaluate 

energy efficiency, water efficiency, environmental protection, indoor environmental 

quality, automation, and other green or innovative features of infrastructure and 

building interiors.  

 

Furthermore, by selecting ISO 14000 certified contractors, we strive to put in place a 

more proactive environmental management at our project sites, thus ensuring higher 

levels of waste reduction and cost efficiency, fewer issues with employee health and 

safety, and a reduced number of safety incidents. This ensures a reduction in the 

environmental impacts of our construction sites, and allows the Group to leverage on 

the unique environmental resource planning capabilities of these contractors for a 

competitive advantage. 

 

Energy Conservation and Water Management 

 

Our Group recognises the need to reduce wastage, recycle materials and reuse 

resources, and implements practical environmental initiatives for our property 

development projects. Some initiatives implemented include the use of sustainable 

building designs and materials, energy-efficient equipment and devices, and motion 

detectors or occupancy sensors in common areas. 

 

We also use water fittings with a good water efficiency rating and have put in place a 

regular monitoring framework and target setting for water usage. Where infrastructural 

feasibility and suitability permits, we explore the use of rainwater harvesting and/or 

alternative water supply. 

 

 

 


6 

 

Giving Back to the Community 

 

Our Board will establish a corporate social responsibility policy which will include the 

review and/or recommendation of the following areas of our Group’s activities:  

 

a) Policies in respect of corporate social responsibility issues;  

b) Health, safety and environmental policies and standards;  

c) The social impact of our Group’s business practices in the communities that we 

operate in;  

d) Policies and practices with regard to key stakeholders (being suppliers, customers 

and employees);  

e) Policies and practices with regard to regulators. 

 

 


7 

 

Organisation Profile  

 

Company Name: SLB Development Ltd          

Founded: 17 October 2017 

Listed on SGX: 20 April 2018 

Company Headquarters: Singapore 

Business Segment: Property Development 

Listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST since April 2018, SLB is a diversified 

property developer with extensive experience and track record across the residential, 

mixed-use as well as industrial and commercial sectors and property development 

projects ranging from small to large scale. The diversified nature of its portfolio allows 

effective management of exposure to the fluctuations in demand and/or changes in 

regulations for each type of property development.  

 

Led by an experienced management team, SLB has built a strong network of business 

relationships with other property developers and contractors, and has expanded its 

presence beyond Singapore to the PRC.  

 

Our business operations include:  

1. Land purchase and project development for sale 

2. Property purchase for asset enhancement works and eventual development for 

sale 

3. Property development project management 

 

 

Industrial Property Development: 

 

• 

Eco-Tech @ Sunview 

• 

Mandai Foodlink 

• 

T-Space @ Tampines 

 

Mixed-use Property Development: 

 

• 

NEWest  

• 

KAP &amp; KAP Residences  

• 

Floravista, Floraview And Floraville 

• 

The Midtown &amp; Midtown Residences 

 

Commercial Property Development: 

• 

Hexacube 

 

Residential Property Development: 

• Spottiswoode Suites 

 

 

 

 

 

Completed Projects 


8 

 

 

 

Industrial Property Development: 

• Mactaggart Foodlink 

• Lorong 21 Geylang 

 

Residential Property Development: 

• Affinity @ Serangoon 

• Riverfront Residences 

• Lorong 24 Geylang 

 

 

 

 

Singapore 

Industrial Property Development: 

• Pei-Fu Industrial Building  

 at New Industrial Road 

 

Overseas 

Mixed-use Property Development: 

• Gaobeidian Project, PRC 

 

 

 

 

 

On-going projects 

Up-coming projects 


9 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Whistle-blowing Policy  

The Audit Committee (“AC”) has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which is posted 

on SLB’s website, whereby employees of the Group and external parties, may in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improper financial reporting or other 

matters to the AC Chairman. The objective for such arrangement is to ensure 

independent investigations of such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions. The 

Company did not receive any whistle-blowing report during the financial year ended 

31 May 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

Interested-Party Transactions 

We anticipate that we would enter into certain transactions with Interested Persons in 

the ordinary course of business. In view of the time-sensitive and recurrent nature of 

commercial transactions, we had obtained a General Mandate during the IPO process 

to enable our Group to enter into Mandated Transactions with Mandated Interested 

Persons that are necessary for our day-to-day operations. We have established 

processes to ensure that all such transactions will be carried out at arm’s length, on 

normal commercial terms, and not prejudicial to the interests of our Company and the 

minority shareholders.  

 

Dealing in Securities 

The Company has adopted policies in line with the requirements of Rule 1204(19) of 

the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST on dealings in the Company’s securities. 

 

The Company prohibits its officers from dealing in the Company’s shares on short-

term considerations or when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive 

information. The Company, its Directors and officers are not allowed to deal in the 

Company’s shares during the periods commencing two weeks before the 

announcement of the Company’s financial statements for each of the first three 

quarters of the financial year and one month before the Company’s full year financial 

statements, as the case may be, and ending on the date of the announcement of the 

relevant financial results. 

 

Anti-corruption (GRI 205-2) 

SLB takes a strong stance against any form of misconduct, corruption and malpractice 

in the Company. We work diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest 

standards of ethics and integrity and comply with applicable regulations and 

professional codes of conduct.  

 

Protecting Customer Privacy and Data (GRI 418-1) 

SLB respects the privacy and confidentiality of the personal data of our employees 

and customers. We have identified 3 areas where the enforcement of Personal Data 


10 

 

Protection Act (PDPA) is mandated and have since implemented measures in these 

areas: 

1. Handling of Sales and Purchase Documents 

2. Handling of Handover of Units Documents 

3. Handling of Strata Sub-Division Certificate of Title Documents 

The Company has not received notice of any incidents or complaints in relation to 

the PDPA. 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

SLB’s Board and senior management consider sustainability issues as part of the 

strategic formulation of the Company. The Board and the key management team are 

proactive in business decisions and execution and are directly involved in 

sustainability strategising, planning and execution. To deliver our sustainability 

mission, a Sustainability Reporting Task Force comprising key management 

personnel was established to oversee sustainability initiatives at SLB. The task force 

meets regularly to plan and review the progress of SLB’s sustainability initiatives, 

thereby spearheading sustainability efforts in the organisation. 

The Board also approves the material environmental, social and economic factors 

identified and oversees that the factors identified are managed and monitored. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our Annual Report 2018 for more 

information on precautionary measures and risk management structure. 

Diversity of Governance Bodies (GRI 405-1) 

SLB values diversity in our Board and we ensure that the Group is fairly represented. 

We prioritise equal opportunities for everyone in the company and firmly believe that 

everyone plays an integral role in the growth of our business. With Ms Ong Lay Koon 

on the Board, we believe our Board’s gender diversity will set us apart from our peers 

and further boost our performance in this industry. 

 

 

 


11 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Group believes that sustainable growth is dependent upon meeting and 

exceeding the reasonable expectations of its key stakeholders. We determine material 

issues based on the principle of materiality to stakeholders. We actively engage in 

meaningful and productive dialogues with our stakeholders and participate in various 

industry and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

 

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially 

be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key stakeholders, 

engagement platforms and their key concerns.  

 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

platforms 

Issues of 

Concern 

Read more in the 

following sections 

Employees  

• 

Well-structured 

and open annual 

performance 

appraisal system 

to link performance 

with remuneration 

• 

Training and 

education 

• 

Whistle blowing 

policy 

• 

Remuneration 

and Benefits 

• 

Training and 

Development  

• 

Ethics and 

Conduct 

• 

Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety 

• 

Employee Benefits 

• 

Training and Career 

Development  

• 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

Suppliers and 

Contractors 

• 

Weekly update 

from contractors 

on occurrence of 

accidents and 

progress of 

projects 

• 

Regular products 

updates by 

suppliers via 

seminars, products 

launches events, 

office presentation 

and sites visits  

• 

Environmental 

Compliance  

• 

Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety 

• 

Managing our 

Suppliers/Contractors 

Customers 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Online 

exposure 

through 

property 

websites, feedback 

on 

customers 

services 

via 

email/hotline, 

projects launches 

events 

• 

Quality of 

delivered 

products  

• 

Data Privacy 

• 

Design for Sustainability 

• 

Protecting Customer 

Privacy and Data 

Industrial 

organizations 

• 

Annual reports  

• 

Conferences and 

seminars  

• 

Bargaining 

power and 

supply chain 

sustainability  

• 

Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety 

• 

Managing our 

Suppliers/Contractors  


12 

 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

Our first sustainability report is produced in accordance with the GRI standards’ “Core” 

option, covering our Group’s performance from 1 June 2017 to 31 May 2018. 

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics.  

 

The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by 

the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing 

Rule 711B. 

 

GRI does not require external assurance and the Group’s Sustainability Reporting 

Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group is 

laying the foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year. 

 

This report supplements the Group’s 2018 Annual Report. Detailed section reference 

with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

 

 

 

Governments and  

Regulators 

• 

SGXNET 

announcements  

• 

Annual reports  

• 

Sustainability 

reporting 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

• 

Environmental 

compliance with 

National 

Environmental 

Agency  

• 

Regulatory and 

Industrial 

requirements 

under Ministry of 

Manpower 

• 

Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety 

• 

Design for Sustainability 

• 

Fines or Penalty 

Community  

• 

Community 

services 

engagement  

• 

Environmental 

Impact  

• 

Social 

Development  

• 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

• 

Environmental Topics  

Shareholders and 

investors 

• 

Annual reports  

• 

Investor relations 

management  

• 

Annual general 

meetings 

 

• 

Economic 

Performance  

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Design for Sustainability 

• 

Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety 

• 

Anti-corruption 

 


13 

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

Material Topics 

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, which 

country or even which subsidiary) 

ECONOMIC 

Anti-corruption 

The Group  

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Energy 

The Group  

Water 

Supplier Environment 

Assessment 

SOCIAL  

Employment 

The Group   

Training and Education 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Community 

Supplier Social Assessment 

Customer Health and Safety 

Customer Privacy 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 


14 

 

Design for Sustainability  

 

 

At SLB, we recognise the need to reduce wastage and consumption, recycle materials 

and reuse resources. Before commencement of a development project, we evaluate 

and establish environmental initiatives based on principles in line with our Environment 

Management System (“EMS”), and implement them practically at all project sites. As 

such, all development sites are designed and constructed in line with procedures and 

guidelines set out in the EMS. We also implement careful monitoring of energy and 

water usage throughout different phases of the projects to control wastage. Some of 

our key sustainability initiatives to ensure effective EMS implementation at project sites 

include: 

 

Energy Conservation (GRI 302-5) 

The Group is committed to reducing energy consumption and ensuring energy 

efficiency. We strive to achieve the BCA building energy benchmark for the 

construction of all of our property development projects, through consistent 

implementation of energy conservation policies and guidelines in all geographical 

locations where we operate, regardless of different laxities in environmental 

regulations. 

 

 





Environmental Impact 

Assessment ("EIA")

•EIA studies are carried out 

during the project feasibility 

stage

•Focus on identifying any 

environmental threats or 

opportunities related to the 

site and surroundings

•Include areas such as air 

quality, noise, connectivity, 

heritage and resources.

Green Rating

•Green rating targets are set 

early in the project so that 

the fundamentals of design 

are related to achieve the 

pre-set Green Mark 

Certification target

ISO 14000 Certified Contractors

•Selection of contractors is 

key to achieve the necessary 

implementation of 

measures on-site to remain 

within the standards of EMS


15 

 

Our energy efficiency initiatives include design and orientation of the building, the use 

of energy-efficient equipment and devices and the application of sustainable building 

designs and materials. We enforce regular monitoring and target setting to ensure that 

our properties are up to mark in terms of energy efficiency. 

Feature Story: T-Space @ Tampines 

 

  

 

 

 

The industrial development comprises a 9-storey ramp-up building with a basement 

carpark, a heavy vehicle parking, and 250 factory units. The building is sustainably 

designed to improve the wellbeing and comfort of occupants, specifically with a lifestyle 

deck on the roof instead of a conventional rooftop garden. There are lifestyle amenities 

such as a 30m length swimming pool, outdoor fitness corner, multi-purpose courts and 






16 

 

rooms, pavilion and deck areas surrounded by lush greenery on the open rooftop 

landscape for occupants to interact, work, and unwind. 

 

We have incorporated various initiatives in our building design to conserve energy and 

enhance indoor environmental quality for our occupants. We attempt to use 

environmentally friendly materials whenever possible. 

 

We also go the extra mile to optimise operational and maintenance practices by 

providing occupants with a Customer Handbook to specify procedural and 

maintenance schedules for efficient energy consumption and equipment fittings. 

Water Management (GRI 303-1, 303-3) 

Water remains a scarce resource in Singapore and is an important resource that we 

have to conserve. SLB is committed to deliver designs that optimise water 

conservation efforts at our properties.  

We have implemented water fittings with a good water efficiency rating and put in place 

a regular monitoring framework and target setting to comply with mandatory Green 

Mark requirement. Where permitted, rainwater harvesting and use of an alternative 

water supply may be explored depending on the infrastructural feasibility and suitability. 

We prioritise water conservation in our property designs to ensure that our properties 

operate in a sustainable manner. 

 

 

Naturally ventilation built in lift lobbies and staircases to reduce 

mechanical ventilation

Green roof terraces and water features on the roof as well as sun 

shading trellises to minimise heat gain, reducing the use of air 

conditioning and improving occupants' comfort

Interior courtyard created to allow natural sunlight to enter and 

also to improve ventilation in the interior ramp and driveway, 

reducing energy usage

Building façade consists mainly of full height glass cladding 

framed by precast concrete walls and ecofriendly aluminium 

louvres to minimise heat gain and ensure energy efficiency

LED and T5 light fittings used throughout the building

Low energy rated pumps and fans

Standby power consumption for lifts


17 

 

Customer Health and Safety (GRI 416-1, 416-2) 

The Group evaluates all buildings built for their health and safety impacts. For projects 

with construction works of a contract sum of $10 million or more, it is mandatory for us 

to implement a Design for Safety (“DFS”) review process throughout every phase of 

the construction projects to ensure that risks in the design are highlighted and 

managed in a systematic and coordinated way and we maintain DFS register for all 

construction projects. We appoint DFS professional to assist in facilitation of the DFS 

review process and to independently assess the Design, Construction and Completion 

stages throughout the project to highlight any potential safety issues to be corrected.  

Managing our Suppliers/Contractors (GRI 308-1, 308-2) 

The Group has implemented steps to ensure that the building contractors, consultants 

and sub-contractors are informed of their environmental responsibilities and able to 

meet the standards expected by the Group.  

 

We evaluate our suppliers and contractors based on their competence and 

environmentally friendly practices. During the quotation and tendering process, all 

suppliers and contractors are selected based on technical capability, financial 

soundness, past performances and possession of relevant environmental certification 

such as ISO certification and BCA category of registration where applicable. The 

selection of the tenderers is conducted by the Consultant, reviewed by the 

Development Manager and approved by our CEO to ensure accountability and quality 

assurance of the suppliers and contractors chosen. 

 

During the year, all of our main Contractors and Suppliers were screened and none of 

them were rejected or terminated. An ISO 14000 and a Green and Gracious certified 

contractor and supplier are part of our selection criteria for ensuring a sustainable 

supply chain.  

Fines or Penalty (GRI 416-2, 419-1) 

There had been no significant fine or non-monetary sanction for non-compliance with 

laws and regulations. SLB maintains a strict compliance policy regarding Statutory 

Regulations and we administer our projects with zero tolerance to disputes and breach. 

 

 


18 

 

Workplace Health and Safety  

 

At SLB, we select our main contractors and suppliers based on their workplace health 

and safety records, and we regularly track their safety records and performance 

throughout the construction period to ensure that our construction sites have proper 

safety measures in place. 

Managing our Suppliers/Contractors (GRI 414-1, 414-2) 

All of our appointed suppliers and contractors are subjected to Workmen Health and 

Safety regulations as prescribed and regulated by the Ministry of Manpower. We 

implement regular monitoring and reporting via constant meetings and enquiries to 

ensure project teams are complying with regulations.  During the year, there had been 

no major breach of regulations including health and safety and labour laws. 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

At SLB, we strive to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual 

respect, fairness and equality for all our staff. We also provide opportunities for 

continuous learning and skills improvement for staff development.  

 

Our Current Workforce by Gender and Age Group (GRI 401-1, 405-1) 

 

 

In FY2018, our new hire rate was 20% and we had a 0% attrition rate. 

 

 

 

18.2%

9.1%

9.1%

36.4%

27.3%

9.1%

54.5%

36.4%

0.0%

10.0%

20.0%

30.0%

40.0%

50.0%

60.0%

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

BELOW 30 YEARS OLD

30-40 YEARS OLD

40-50 YEARS OLD

Male

Female


19 

 

Employee Benefits (GRI 401-2, 401-3) 

 

We recognise the valuable contribution by our employees. SLB prioritises the welfare 

of our staff and ensures that they are able to enjoy a work-life balance. Our employees 

are entitled to the following employee benefits: 

 

Training and Career Development (GRI  404-2, 404-3) 

SLB aims to attract, retain and develop employees to their fullest potential to drive 

business excellence and our continuous success. We seek to ensure that there were 

career development opportunities for all our staff and will continue to provide our staff 

with the necessary programmes. 

 

We provide our employees with competitive and fair remuneration and reward them 

for their good performance. Henceforth, we will continue to invest in our employees to 

keep them abreast of the latest technology and knowledge to improve productivity and 

innovation in our property designs.   

 

Giving back to our Community (GRI 413-1, 413-2) 

SLB is devoted to being a socially responsible corporate citizen and doing our part for 

the community. Since our listing on 20 April 2018, we have made numerous donations, 

which include cash donations to SGX Bull Charge, Golf for Life 2018 by Life 

Community Services Society, as well as Charities of the President’s Challenge and 

Sian Chay Medical Institution. 

 

 

 

 

Healthcare

•Staff are given a 

medical card that 

subsidises visits to 

the General 

Practitioner, as 

well as covers 

provision of 

medical insurance.

Disability and 

Invalidity 

Coverage

•Staff will be 

covered under 

Personal Accident 

Insurance and 

Work Injury 

Insurance.

Leave

•Eligible staff are 

entitled to 

Maternity Leave, 

Paternity Leave, 

Shared Parental 

Leave, Childcare 

Leave, Extended 

Childcare Leave, 

Unpaid Infant 

Care Leave and 

Adoption Leave, 

and Training and 

Exam Leave 

where applicable. 

Others

•Staff are entitled 

to receive the 

following benefits:

•Dinner and Dance

•Festive 

celebrations


20 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

▪ 

Design for Sustainability 

▪ 

Workplace Health and Safety 

▪ 

Our People, Our Assets 

▪ 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

▪ 

Chairman’s Message 

▪ 

SLB’s Sustainability Story 

▪ 

Design for Sustainability 

▪ 

Workplace Health and Safety 

▪ 

Our People, Our Assets  

3 

Board Statement  

Governance &amp; Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

SLB’s Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Organisation Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman’s Message 


21 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Chairman’s Message, 

SLB Sustainability 

Story 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  Reporting Practice  

205-2 

Communication and training on anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of 

products and services 

Energy Conservation 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Water Management 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

Water Management  

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers/Contractors  

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

Managing Our 

Suppliers/Contractors  

401-1  

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Our Current 

Workforce by Gender 

and Age Group 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Employee Benefits  

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Benefits  


22 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

404-2  

Programmes for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programmes 

Training and Career 

Development  

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews 

Training and Career 

Development  

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

i) Our Employees by 

Gender and Age 

Group 

ii) Diversity of 

Governance 

Bodies 

413-1  

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes 

Giving Back to Our 

Community 

413-2 

Operation with significant actual &amp; potential 

negative impacts on local communities 

Giving Back to Our 

Community 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers/Contractors  

414-2 

Negative social impacts in the supply chain 

and actions taken 

Managing Our 

Suppliers/Contractors  

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

Customer Health &amp; 

Safety  

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Fines or Penalty 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and customer 

data loss 

Protecting Customer 

Privacy and Data 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Fines or Penalty 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant 

rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”). The Sponsor has not 

independently verified the contents of this Sustainability Report.  

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Exchange and the Exchange 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any 

of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Tay Sim Yee at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, 

Singapore 048542, telephone: +65 6232 3210. 

