







01

Board Statement

02

About SLB Development Ltd

02

Sustainability Approach

02

About The Sustainability Report 

02

- Reporting Scope

02

- Reporting Framework

02

Contact Us

03

Stakeholder Engagement 

04

Materiality Assessment

05

Sustainability Targets Performance 

06

Governance 

07

Economic

08

Environmental

11

Social

14

SGX Content Index

14

GRI Content Index 

Table of Contents








01

Annual Report 2021



Board Statement

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS, 

On behalf of SLB Development Ltd (the “Company” or “SLB”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” ), I am pleased 

to present the Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of the 

Group for the financial year ended 31 May 2021 (“FY2021”). 

This Report provides an overview of the Group’s commitment 

and approaches towards sustainability through its operations 

and business practices in the industry. We believe this Report 

serves as a good platform to demonstrate our continuous 

effort in sustainability performances and our commitment to 

sustainable development. 

Believing in building a green future by delivering innovative and 

environmentally sustainable designs, we value sustainability 

as the core of the Group’s success, and we are committed to 

being an environmentally sustainable real estate developer. 

To integrate sustainable development into our business 

operations, the Board of Directors (the “Board” or “Directors”) 

is responsible for overseeing the direction of the Group’s 

sustainable development, identifying Environmental, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) factors that are material to the Group’s 

business, and continuously monitors the material ESG factors 

as part of the Group’s long-term strategy formulation. The 

Board also has the responsibility in setting the sustainability 

agenda and overseeing the sustainability performances of the 

Group. A sustainability working group has been formed to plan 

for, implement, and integrate sustainability into the Group’s 

operations and strategies. 

The Group looks forward to delivering more sustainable 

designs for the built environment with an aim to protect the 

environment for future generations. We strive to maximise 

resource efficiency and energy conservation through the 

implementation of innovative, energy-efficient technologies in 

our buildings. 

We understand the importance of stakeholders to the Group’s 

decision-making process, therefore we actively engage 

stakeholders through various methods to understand their 

concerns and expectations. These stakeholder engagement 

exercises allow the Group to continuously improve its business 

prospect. 

Last but not least, we would like to take this opportunity to 

express our gratitude to all employees, customers, and business 

partners for their continuous support over the years. Looking 

forward, we will continue to make greater contributions and 

achieve sustainable corporate development by implementing 

sustainable practices.

Mr. Matthew Ong 

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer










02

SLB Development Ltd. 

Listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) since April 2018, SLB is a 

diversified property developer headquartered in Singapore with 

extensive experience and track record across the residential, 

mixed-use, industrial and commercial sectors as well as property 

development projects ranging from small to large scale. The 

diversified nature of the Group’s portfolio allows effective 

management of exposure to the fluctuations in demand and/or 

changes in regulations for each type of property development. 

The Group has also established a fund management business 

in partnership with experienced industry veterans from the 

United Kingdom, Hong Kong and Australia, which aims to 

actively pursue investment opportunities in real estate funds 

and various segments of the real estate value chain. 

With the vision to be an environmentally sustainable real estate 

developer genuinely believing in building a practical green 

future, the Group operates with the mission to achieve a pre-

determined quality outcome, cost expectation, and key project 

timeliness. The Group is committed to having a positive impact 

on the environment and society.

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

As a business that strives toward growth and development, 

we remain vigilant for emerging trends and developments that 

may present business opportunities. The changing business 

environment may offer opportunities for us to improve our 

sustainability and business performances. Our sustainability 

approach recognises the need to enhance our sustainability 

performance in order to increase our competitiveness. We are 

aware of the increasing importance of ESG factors among our 

stakeholders and the business landscape, and we aim to align 

our sustainability initiatives with our business strategy.

ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group issues a Sustainability Report on an annual basis and 

had published its third Sustainability Report for the financial 

year ended 31 May 2020 (“FY2020”) on 30 October 2020. This 

is the fourth Sustainability Report (“Report”) published by the 

Group and will cover the period from 1 June 2020 to 31 May 

2021.

REPORTING SCOPE

This Report presents and summarises the Group’s policies, 

practices, and performance on material ESG factors which 

are significant to the operations at the Group’s head office in 

Singapore, the on-going development projects that the Group 

has direct control over the design of buildings and developments 

including the selection of our contractors and other service 

providers, namely INSPACE and Mactaggart Foodlink, as well as 

the newly acquired Thye Hong Centre. In line with the Group’s 

continued commitment to environmental sustainability, the 

Group will strengthen its sustainability framework and practices 

in the future and will expand its scope of disclosures as the 

Group’s sustainability reporting matures.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Report has been prepared in accordance with Rules 711A 

and 711B of Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of 

the SGX-ST (“Catalist Rules”) with references to the guidance 

set out in the SGX-ST’s sustainability reporting guide under 

Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules. This Report is in line with 

SGX-ST’s ‘comply or explain’ requirements for sustainability 

reporting.

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI 

Standards: Core option. We have chosen to adopt the GRI 

Sustainability Reporting Standards as it is the most widely 

accepted global framework for voluntary corporate reporting 

of environmental and social performance. In articulating our 

approach, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, 

balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. 

Corresponding GRI disclosures can be found at the GRI 

Standards Content Index Section of this Report.

CONTACT US

We value and welcome any feedback with regard to our 

sustainability reporting practices and performance as we strive 

to continuously improve our sustainability practices in the years 

to come. Please send your comments, suggestions or feedback 

to admin@slb.com.sg. 

About SLB Development Ltd


















03

Sustainability Report 2021

The Group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and sustainability aspects. The Group identifies its 

key stakeholders based on the Group’s impacts on them both directly and indirectly, and their direct and significant impacts on the 

Group’s business. In formulating operational strategies and sustainability measures, the Group takes into account the stakeholders' 

expectations and strives to improve its performance. To understand and address their key concerns, we have been maintaining close 

communication with our stakeholders through regular stakeholder engagement. We will continue to increase our involvement with 

stakeholders via constructive conversation with a view to charting a course for long term prosperity.

The following table summarises our key stakeholders and their concerns of discussions, together with their corresponding 

engagement methods and frequency. 

STAKEHOLDERS

CONCERNS

OF DISCUSSIONS

ENGAGEMENT

METHODS

ENGAGEMENT 

FREQUENCY

Shareholders and Investors

• 

Sustainable profitability and 

shareholder return

• 

Transparent reporting

• 

Sound corporate governance practices

• 

Long-term growth of business

• 

Annual reports

Annually

• 

Annual general meeting

• 

Investor relations management

• 

SGXNET announcements

• 

News releases

Throughout the 

year

Customers/ Property Buyers

• 

Responsiveness to customer requests 

and feedback

• 

Data Privacy

• 

Quality of delivered products

• 

Annual reports

Annually

• 

Online exposure through property 

websites

• 

Feedback on customers services 

via email/hotline 

• 

Projects launch events

• 

Showflat brochures

Throughout the 

year

Employees

• 

Remuneration and benefits

• 

Fair and competitive employment 

practices and policies

• 

Safe and healthy work environment

• 

Focus on employee development and 

wellbeing

• 

Ethics and Conduct

• 

Performance appraisal

Annually

• 

Training and development 

programs

• 

Recreational and wellness activities

Throughout the 

year

Suppliers and Contractors

• 

Fair procurement

• 

Regular and punctual payments upon 

enlistment of service

• 

Health and safety, Environmental 

compliance

• 

Update from contractors on the 

occurrence of accidents and project 

progress through project meetings

Weekly

• 

Products updates by suppliers via 

seminars, products launch events, 

office presentation, and site visits

Regularly

Government and Regulators

• 

Environmental compliance with the 

National Environmental Agency

• 

Regulatory and industrial requirements 

by government

• 

Annual reports

• 

Sustainability reports

Annually

• 

Ongoing dialogues

• 

Notices on CORENET and from 

government bodies

Regularly

Industrial Organisation

• 

Bargaining power and supply chain 

sustainability

• 

Annual reports

Annually

• 

Conferences and seminars

Regularly

Community

• 

Corporate Social Responsibility

• 

Environmental Topics

• 

Community services engagement

Regularly

Stakeholder Engagement










04

SLB Development Ltd. 

We identified material sustainability matters and ESG factors relevant to our property development business operations where 

we have direct control as a developer. The consumption of energy and water at our headquarter, the project sites and Thye Hong 

Centre are covered by our holding company, main contractors and tenants respectively, while the occupational health and safety 

at our project sites are not within our direct control. During the materiality assessment, we took into consideration the following 

factors:

• 

Global and local emerging sustainability trends;

• 

Material topics identified by industry peers;

• 

Industrial best practices; and

• 

Sustainability reporting frameworks.

The Group has considered feedback from relevant stakeholders in determining the Group’s material sustainability aspects to be 

covered in this Report. The Group’s materiality matrix for FY2021 is presented as follows.

Materiality Assessment

The Group will further disclose its performance of the above material topics in the Report, and the results will be considered as 

important reference points for the planning of sustainability management for the future. The Group confirmed that appropriate and 

effective management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues are in place.












05

Sustainability Report 2021

To better manage the Group’s material topics and its performance on those aspects, the Group has set quantifiable targets in 

FY2020 for FY2021 covering the material ESG aspects. In FY2021, we strengthened the target setting for some of the material 

topics by establishing short- and long-term quantitative targets for the financial year ending 31 May 2022 (“FY2022”) and the 

financial year ending 31 May 2025 (“FY2025”) respectively, against a baseline year FY2021. The Group will continue to work for 

the targets set and review the progress annually.

The table below summarises the Group’s progress and achievement towards the sustainability targets set for FY2021, and the 

target set in FY2021 for the upcoming years. 

Material topics

Targets for FY2021

Result

Targets against baseline year FY2021

Governance

Anti-corruption

No confirmed incidents of corruption / 

public legal cases regarding corruption 

brought against the Group

✓

Maintain zero confirmed incidents of corruption 

/ public legal cases regarding corruption brought 

against the Group

Environmental

Environmental 

Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with 

relevant 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations that would have a material 

impact on the Group

✓

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with 

relevant environmental laws and regulations that 

would have a material impact on the Group

Social

Employment

Reduce an employee turnover rate of 25% 

or below

✓

Maintain an employee turnover rate at 20% for 

FY2022

Maintain an employee turnover rate at 15% by 

FY2025

Training and 

Development

Maintain an average of 8 hours of training 

per employee

In progress

Achieve an average of 8 hours of training per 

employee for FY2022

Achieve an average of 10 training hours per 

employee by FY2025

Gender Diversity

No target set

N/A

Maintain the existing gender ratio of senior 

management for FY2022

Improve the gender ratio among general staff by 

FY2025

Occupational 

Health and Safety

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance 

resulting in regulatory breaches related to 

relevant health and safety legislation

✓

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance 

resulting in regulatory breaches related to 

relevant health and safety legislation

Customer Privacy

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses 

of data

✓

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses of data

Socio-economic 

Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with 

relevant 

socio-economic 

laws 

and 

regulations that would have a material 

impact on the Group

✓

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

socio-economic laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group

Key:

✓ Met target

Sustainability Targets Performance










06

SLB Development Ltd. 

The Group strives to uphold good corporate governance 

practices to maintain trust from its stakeholders. The Group 

has developed a sound system of risk management and internal 

control, and a risk governance and internal control framework 

manual has been put in place by the Board to define the 

strategic objectives and determine the risk appetite, tolerance, 

and risk mitigation measures to address potential impediments.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

We recognise the importance of maintaining high standards 

of business integrity and complying with applicable laws 

and regulations, including relevant environmental laws 

and regulations. Thus, we have implemented measures to 

ensure that our employees comply with the Group’s policy 

and procedures. We have also put stringent monitoring and 

enforcement mechanisms in place to manage our economic, 

social, and environmental performance.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

As a corporation that upholds business integrity, we have 

zero tolerance towards any forms of bribery and corruption. 

The Group has established related anti-corruption policies 

and procedures to ensure Directors, senior management and 

employees carry out their duties in an honest, fair, diligent, and 

ethical manner, within the scope of the authority conferred 

upon and in accordance with the laws, rules, regulations, 

agreements, guidelines, standards and internal policies. 

The Group has formulated the Code of Conduct and Ethics 

which sets out the principles of business ethics and conduct 

for the Group and covers significant areas including appropriate 

business conduct and ethics, safeguarding of confidential 

information and prohibition on insider trading, anti-bribery, 

corruption, and fraud measures, and conflicts of interest and 

non-competition. All employees of the Group are required to 

uphold the said principles and conduct themselves with high 

standards of integrity that comply with laws and regulations. 

The Code of Conduct and Ethics has also clearly stated 

that Directors, senior management and employees of the 

Company shall avoid any activity or association that creates 

or appears to create a conflict between the personal interests 

of the Directors, senior management, and employees and the 

Company’s business interests. 

Besides, the Group has established the Anti-Money Laundering 

and Countering Terrorist Financing Policy to ensure employees 

are familiarised with the guidelines on the prevention of money 

laundering and countering of financing of terrorism and the 

Group has complied with all regulatory rules. 

Also, the Group has adopted a Whistle-blowing Policy, whereby 

employees of the Group and external parties may in confidence, 

raise concerns about possible improper financial reporting or 

other matters to the Audit Committee Chairman. The objective 

of the Whistle-blowing Policy is to ensure independent 

investigations of such matters are carried out and appropriate 

follow-up actions are taken. 

The Group sees the importance of educating employees on 

anti-corruption related matters. The Group’s anti-corruption 

policies and procedures have been communicated to all 

Directors, employees, and members of the governance body 

through a policy statement. As for consultants, contractors, and 

suppliers, related policies and procedures are communicated 

during the project tendering stage. 

In FY2021, there were neither any confirmed incidents of 

corruption or public legal cases regarding corruption brought 

against the Group, nor any termination of contracts with 

business partners due to violations related to corruption. 

Moreover, the Group did not identify any significant risks related 

to corruption and any material non-compliance with relevant 

anti-corruption laws and regulations. We aim to maintain this 

trend for the coming years. 

More details of the Group’s corporate governance practices 

can be found in the “Corporate Governance Report” section on 

pages 13 to 43 of the Group’s FY2021 Annual Report.

Governance 


















07

Sustainability Report 2021

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

The Group sees economic performance as a material factor as we believe our business’ economic viability is important to our 

stakeholders. We aim to attain sustainable economic growth to provide desirable returns to our shareholders annually.

Feature Story: Thye Hong Centre

Economic

During FY2021, we acquired Thye Hong Centre, with the aim to enhance short-term rental income for the asset while waiting for 

the right market condition to re-develop the building. This is in line with our long-term goal of creating new and recurring income 

streams for sustained growth.

Our financial performance for FY2021 can be found in the “Financial Statements” section on pages 52 to 127 of the Group’s 

FY2021 Annual Report. 


















08

SLB Development Ltd. 

The Group believes that environmentally-friendly practices complement business efficiency and advocates corporate social 

responsibility. The Group strictly complies with related environmental regulations and has adopted and incorporated various 

environmental measures and procedures in its daily operations to demonstrate its commitment to being a socially responsible 

corporation. We require all employees to share responsibilities in monitoring the Group’s environmental performances. During 

FY2021, the Group achieved the target of maintaining zero cases of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and 

regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group. We aim to maintain the record of zero incidents for non-compliance 

for the coming years. 

The Group has established the Integrated Management System (IMS) Procedures, which outlines the salient responsibilities and 

procedures for the effective management of the IMS to ensure its continuing suitability and improvement. The Executive Director, 

management, and company representatives are responsible to establish the quality and environmental policy and objectives and 

ensure they are effectively implemented at all project levels of the Group; set the framework for effective management of the 

business and ensure compliance with the rules and regulatory requirements; and review the effectiveness of the IMS. The quality and 

environmental policy and objectives will be regularly reviewed to ensure its continuing stability while satisfying the ISO 9001:2015 

Quality Management System and ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System requirements.

Under the IMS procedures, there is a section on “Environmental Aspects and Impact Assessment”, which describes, amongst others, 

the method used to identify design considerations in order to mitigate and reduce negative environmental impacts associated 

with each project. It considers environmental matters such as water efficiency, energy efficiency, environmental protection, and 

indoor environmental quality throughout various design and project management of each project. The key environmental aspects 

are required to be identified, addressed, and monitored during site appraisal, investigation and site clearance; concept design; 

design development (Architectural); design development (Civil &amp; Structural); design development (Mechanical &amp; Electrical); design 

development (Landscape); procurement; and construction stages.

ENERGY MANAGEMENT

The Group is committed to reducing energy consumption and ensuring energy efficiency for our projects and our workplace. Related 

energy management plans and measures have been developed as one of the Group’s fundamental policies to strive for energy 

conservation and efficiency. During FY2021, we have adopted including but not limited to the following policies and initiatives to 

enhance our energy efficiency: 

• 

Explore energy-efficient technologies to implement in projects; 

• 

Use technology to track and control direct energy usage;

• 

Achieve transparency by enhancing data quality and effects of operations on the environment; and 

• 

Promote effective environmental management among suppliers and external contractors.

The Group is committed to strictly executing the measurement and tracking the effectiveness of the above policies and initiatives. 

Our contractors are required to comply with our environmental policies and guidelines for all our projects. During FY2021, the 

utilities expenses of our headquarters are borne by the landlord. For the development projects, the expenses are borne by the main 

contractors. For Thye Hong Centre, the expenses of tenanted units are borne by the tenants while that of the common areas are 

covered in the maintenance fund of the Management Corporation Strata Title. Therefore, there were no internal records of energy 

consumed. 

Environmental 














09

Sustainability Report 2021

Environmental 





WASTE MANAGEMENT 

The Group encourages employees to conduct waste separation at the source and inculcate the habit of waste recycling, therefore 

we have placed recycling bins in accessible areas to encourage recycling as a daily practice. Our waste management practices have 

complied with relevant laws and regulations relating to environmental protection.

Our development projects may produce chemical waste during construction work. Although the Group has no direct control over 

the construction sites operated by the main contractor for our projects, the Group ensures that all its main contractors has lawfully 

handled and disposed of all chemical waste by filtering and passing to qualified chemical waste collectors. The Group aims to 

continuously reduce its adverse impact due to the production of hazardous waste. 

Non-hazardous wastes generated by the Group were mainly paper waste and construction waste. To minimise the environmental 

impacts from non-hazardous wastes generated from our business operation, the Group has implemented measures to manage 

different types of waste and launched different waste reduction initiatives. 

Concerning paper wastes, we have consumed approximately 0.65 tonnes of paper during FY2021 (FY2020: 0.25 tonnes) at the 

Group’s headquarter. The paper consumed by the Group during FY2020 is lower since the Group has implemented split team 

arrangements during January 2020 to March 2020 and adopted work-from-home arrangements during the lockdown from April 

2020 to June 2020 as part of its business continuity plan during COVID-19 pandemic. After the lockdown and due to the gradually 

resumption of work from July 2020, the Group’s paper consumption in FY2021 has therefore greatly increased. To minimize the 

consumption of paper, we have implemented the following measures during business operation:

• 

Encourage double-sided printing; 

• 

Recycle single-sided paper for printing; 

• 

Utilise electronic communication where applicable; and 

• 

Promote the use of recycled paper. 

Concerning construction wastes, recycling bins will be placed in site areas to collect and store different recyclable waste. During 

FY2021, as the Group had no direct control over the generation of non-hazardous wastes at the construction sites operated by the 

main contractor for our projects, we have no internal records of construction wastes disposed of.










10

SLB Development Ltd. 

Feature Story: INSPACE

The 8-storey ramp-up B1 multi-user industrial development 

comprising 84 factory units is creatively designed for modern 

businesses, with careful consideration to details, from its smart 

office application such as wireless and online control of air 

conditioning, lighting, and security to recreational and social 

amenities such as swimming pool and outdoor fitness corner. 

We have incorporated various sustainable measures to 

conserve energy and enhance indoor environmental quality for 

our occupants, including but not limited to:

• 

Building envelope thermal performance; 

• 

Naturally ventilated common areas; 

• 

Energy-efficient light fittings (LED); 

• 

Energy-efficient lifts; 

• 

Water-efficient fittings; 

• 

Sustainable construction method and products (Precast &amp; 

Green Label); 

• 

Material with reduced Indoor Air Pollutants; 

• 

Low Concrete Usage Index; and 

• 

Extensive vertical landscaping and roof terraces.

Feature Story: Mactaggart Foodlink

This is a 5-storey light industrial development for food 

production comprising 28 factory units each with a mezzanine 

level and common facilities including 2 lorry lots, 16 car parking 

lots, a service lift, a fire/service lift, and a passenger/fire lift. The 

construction has been completed and a Temporary Occupation 

Permit (“TOP”) has been obtained in March 2021. All units have 

been handed over to purchasers.

To drive sustainable operation, different sustainable measures 

and practices are being considered and incorporated in the 

development, such measures and practices include but not 

limited to:

• 

Building envelope thermal performance; 

• 

Naturally ventilated common areas; 

• 

Energy-efficient light fittings (LED); 

• 

Energy-efficient lifts; 

• 

Water-efficient fittings; 

• 

Sustainable construction method and products (Precast &amp; 

Green Label); 

• 

Material with reduced Indoor Air Pollutants; 

• 

Low Concrete Usage Index; and 

• 

External building screening to reduce thermal heat gain.

Environmental


















11

Sustainability Report 2021

The management of the Group regularly reviews the business 

activities, sets up clear policies and procedures in advance to 

prevent potential infringement of related laws and regulations. 

Employees are also encouraged to report any suspected cases 

of violation in any laws and regulations. In FY2021, there were 

zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant material socio-

economic laws and regulations, and we aim to maintain this 

trend for the coming years.

EMPLOYMENT

We recognise that human capital is the backbone in supporting 

the development of the Group. Therefore, we have established 

relevant policies to fulfil our vision of people-oriented 

management and realise the full potential of employees. Such 

policies are formally documented in the Employee Handbook, 

covering aspects of recruitment, remuneration, promotion, 

working hours and rest periods, diversity and equal opportunity, 

etc. The Group reviews its employment practices as and when 

necessary to ensure adequate and fair practice. 

Apart from employment policies, a Remuneration Committee 

is also established to review and recommend the framework 

of remuneration policies to the Board and key management 

personnel. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible 

to review and approve specific remuneration packages for 

directors and the Chairman. Key terms of reference can be 

referred to the Group’s Annual Report.

As of 31 May 2021, SLB had a total of 11 full time and permanent 

employees (FY2020: 11) in Singapore. 1 male employee, whose 

age group is between 30-50 years old joined while another 

male employee, whose age group is above 50 years old resigned 

during FY2021. The Group had an annual new-hire rate of 9% 

(FY2020: 9%) and an annual turnover rate of 9% (FY2020: 9%) 

during FY2021. The Group has attained its prior year target of 

maintaining an employee turnover rate at 25% or below. We 

aim to maintain an employee turnover rate of 20% for FY2022 

and an employee turnover rate of 15% by FY2025. 

Recruitment and Remuneration

The Group applies robust and transparent recruitment 

processes based on merit, grades, and relevant skills for the 

position and potential to fulfil the Group’s current and future 

needs. We have formulated related employment policies to 

govern the recruitment process and strictly comply with the 

employment legislation in Singapore. 

Employees are the most important resources and play a 

critical role in the overall success of the Group. We believe 

high talent retention creates a positive work environment and 

helps strengthen employees’ commitment to the organisation. 

Therefore, we offer competitive remuneration packages for our 

employees. Our full-time employees enjoy benefits including 

healthcare and medical insurance, disability and invalidity 

coverage including Work Injury Insurance and Personal 

Accident Insurance. Full-time employees are also entitled to 

different leave types, such as maternity leave, paternity leave, 

shared parental leave, childcare leave, etc. 

Also, the Group realises the importance of maintaining 

employees’ well-being and stresses heavily on creating a 

work-life balanced lifestyle for our employees. Therefore, we 

regularly engage with our employees by organising different 

forms of activities and social events throughout the year. 

During FY2021, no employees had taken parental leave.

Training and Development

At SLB, we aim to provide opportunities for employees to not 

only learn and grow but also support them in developing talent 

and ability that meet their current and future job needs. We 

encourage continuous professional development for all our 

employees. Employees are required to attend training courses 

as and when deemed necessary by the Group. The Group may 

impose a bond for sponsorship of certain courses, depending 

on the cost and duration.

During FY2021, our employees has attended the external 

training and certification programme and received an average 

of 5.91 training hours (FY2020: 10) per employee. The training 

were provided to the female employees, who received an 

average of 9.29 training hours. Our senior management had 

received an average of 5.25 training hours while general staff 

had received an average of 6.29 training hours. The prior year 

target for each employee to attend an average of 8 hours of 

training is still in progress. We intend to provide our employees 

with more opportunities for training and achieve an average of 

8 hours of training per employee for FY2022 and an average of 

10 hours of training per employee by FY2025.

The Group believes reviewing employees’ performance can 

help to explore their developmental needs and further nurture 

employees’ growth. During FY2021, all employees of the Group 

received annual performance and career development reviews.

Social














12

SLB Development Ltd. 

DIVERSITY, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, AND NON-DISCRIMINATION 

The Group recognises the value of a diverse and skilled workforce and endeavours to create and maintain an inclusive and 

collaborative workplace culture in which all employees can thrive. 

The Group is dedicated to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and maintaining workplaces that are free from 

discrimination, physical or verbal harassment against any individual on the basis of race, religion, colour, gender, physical or mental 

disability, age, place of origin, marital status, and sexual orientation. This covers all aspects of employment, including selection, job 

assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training. 

To ensure a diverse working environment that is free from any form of discrimination, employees can raise concerns and make reports 

without fear of reprisals through the Whistle-blowing Policy. Anyone found to be engaging in any type of unlawful discrimination 

will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 

There were no incidents of discrimination during FY2021 reported to the Group, and we aim to maintain the record for the coming 

years. The Group has also strived to maintain an appropriate level of diversity in its composition of the governance body and 

employee. During FY2021, there were 4 (FY2020: 4) Directors of the Board comprising 3 males and 1 female. Apart from the 

governance body, the Group has 7 female employees and 4 male employees. The breakdown of the number and percentage of the 

governance body and employees in different categories was as follows:

Category

Directors

Senior Management

General staff

By gender

Male

3 (75%)

2 (50%)

2 (29%)

Female

1 (25%)

2 (50%)

5 (71%)

By age group

Less than 30

0 (0%)

0 (0%)

0 (0%)

30 – 50

2 (50%)

3 (75%)

7 (100%)

Above 50

2 (50%)

1 (25%)

0 (0%)

In order to create a diverse and inclusive working environment, we aim to maintain the existing gender ratio of senior management 

for FY2022 and improve the gender ratio among general staff by FY2025.

CONTRACTOR MANAGEMENT 

The Group highly values our relationship with contractors and consultants and regard them as important business partners. 

Meanwhile, we also see the importance of recognising the environmental and social risks embedded in the supply chain. The Group 

has implemented measures to ensure that our contractors and consultants are informed of their environmental responsibilities. 

The Group has formulated comprehensive procedures in accessing and selecting contractors and consultants. We evaluate our 

contractors and consultants based on a number of factors, including their competence, environmentally-friendly practices, technical 

capability, financial soundness, past performances, and possession of relevant environmental certification such as ISO certification 

and BCA category of registration. We also take into consideration their workplace health and safety records and compliance with 

laws and regulations. Besides, our contractors must achieve and comply with the Green Mark Checklist launched by BCA, which 

prescribes environmentally sustainable measures. During FY2021, all new contractors were screened and assessed, none of them 

were identified for having a significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts. 

The selection of the tenderers is conducted by the appointed project consultant, reviewed by the General Manager, and approved 

by our CEO to ensure accountability and quality assurance of the contractors chosen. After the selection of contractors, we hold 

regular site meetings and track their workplace health and safety records to ensure that contractors are performing within the 

standards expected by the Group.

Social


















13

Sustainability Report 2021

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

SLB regards health and safety as a priority and sees this as an 

essential part of our business. We strive to prioritise the health 

and safety of our employees, customers, third-party service 

providers, and visitors. We realise the essentiality of maintaining 

a safe working environment at all of our facilities, therefore we 

have set in place different health and safety practices.

 

The Group ensures that all contractors are notified of their 

worksite health and safety responsibilities during the tender 

selection process. The Group evaluates all buildings built, and 

implement the Design for Safety (“DFS”) review process for 

projects with construction works of a contract sum of S$10 

million or more. The purpose of DFS is to ensure the risks in the 

design of buildings are highlighted and managed in a systematic 

and coordinated way. The Group appoints DFS professionals 

to assist in the facilitation of the DFS review process and to 

independently assess the design, construction, and completion 

stages throughout the project to highlight any potential safety 

issues. 

In view of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group remains highly 

vigilant to the potential impact of health and safety on both 

its employees and customers. The Group takes necessary steps 

and measures to ensure safety and well-being of its employees 

by implementing Safe Management Measures at work place. 

The Group provides protective gears such as facemasks and 

hand sanitisers to its employees. Employees are also required to 

wear face masks at the office and check their body temperature 

twice per day. 

During FY2021, the Group had complied with relevant laws and 

regulations concerning health and safety at project sites, and 

there were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in fines, penalties, or warnings. We aim to maintain 

this trend for the coming years.

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

The Group has established the Personal Data Protection 

Policy to protect the confidentiality of data and the privacy 

of individuals by regulating the way in which personal data is 

managed. 

The Group has developed 9 obligations with regard to personal 

data, namely consent, purpose limitation, notification, access 

and correction, accuracy, protection, retention limitation, 

transfer limitation, and openness. The Group shall notify related 

parties of the purpose of the personal data collection and seek 

consent before disclose to any third parties. 

Furthermore, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer to 

oversee our management of personal data in accordance with 

the Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore. Training has 

been provided to our employees who handle personal data to 

respect the confidentiality of such personal data and privacy. 

Other measures to secure and protect personal data include 

storing personal data in a combination of secure computer 

storage facilities and paper-based files and other records, as 

well as taking steps to protect the personal data from misuse, 

loss, unauthorised access, modification, or disclosure. 

During FY2021, the Group had zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses of data, and we aim 

to maintain this record for the coming years.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

SLB has long been committed to acting for the betterment of 

the community and has always been sensitive to the needs 

of the society. We bear the social responsibility to serve and 

is devoted to being a socially responsible corporate citizen. 

During FY2021, the Group participated in SGX Bull Charge 

Virtual Run 2020, a corporate charity initiative organized by 

Singapore Exchange Limited that brings together Singapore’s 

financial community and listed companies to support the 

needs of underprivileged children and families, persons with 

disabilities, as well as the elderly. We will continue to uphold 

our commitment to community participation and will continue 

to seek for more opportunities to give back to the society 

through different channels for the coming years.

Social






















14

SLB Development Ltd. 

Primary Component

Section Reference

Material Topics

Materiality Assessment

Policies, Practices, and Performance

• 

Governance

• 

Economic

• 

Environmental

• 

Social

Board Statement

Board Statement

Targets

Sustainability Targets Performance

Framework

About the Sustainability Report – Reporting Framework

GRI Content Index

GRI Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organization

SLB Development Ltd

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Sustainability Report 2021 – About SLB Development Ltd

102-3

Location of headquarters

Sustainability Report 2021 – About SLB Development Ltd

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2021 – Corporate Profile

Sustainability Report 2021 – About SLB Development Ltd

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2021 – Corporate Profile

Annual Report 2021 – Group Structure

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2021 – Key Projects

102-7

Scale of the organization

Annual Report 2021 – Independent Auditor’s Report

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

102-8

Information on employees and other workers Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainability Report 2021 – Contractor Management

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain

No significant changes during FY2021

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Sustainability Report 2021 – Governance

Annual Report 2021 – Corporate Governance Report

102-12

External initiatives

No externally-developed economic, environmental, and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives are subscribed or 

endorsed during FY2021.

102-13

Membership of associations

SLB Development Ltd holds membership in Singapore 

Business Federation.

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Sustainability Report 2021 - Board Statement

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

Sustainability Report 2021 - About SLB Development Ltd

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Report 2021 – Board Statement

Annual Report 2021 – Corporate Governance Report 

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2021 - Stakeholder Engagement

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

No collective bargaining agreements are in place during 

FY2021.

SGX Content Index










15

Sustainability Report 2021

GRI Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholder

Sustainability Report 2021 - Stakeholder Engagement

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability Report 2021 - Stakeholder Engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2021 – Stakeholder Engagement

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report 2021 – Independent Auditor’s Report

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries Sustainability Report 2021 – About the Sustainability Report

Sustainability Report 2021 - Materiality Assessment

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2021 - Materiality Assessment

102-48

Restatements of information

No restatements of information 

102-49

Changes in reporting

Sustainability Report 2021 - Materiality Assessment

102-50

Reporting period

Sustainability Report 2021 – About the Sustainability Report

102-51

Date of most recent report

Sustainability Report 2021 – About the Sustainability Report

102-52

Reporting cycle

Sustainability Report 2021 – About the Sustainability Report

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Sustainability Report 2021 – Contact Us

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2021 – GRI Content Index

102-56

External assurance

This Report has undergone the internal review process of the 

Group and was reviewed by the Board. The Group has not 

sought external assurance for FY2021 and may consider it for 

future periods. 

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Sustainability Report 2021 – Sustainability Approach

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Report 2021 – Sustainability Approach

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability Report 2021 – Sustainability Approach

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Annual Report 2021 – Independent Auditor’s Report

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Sustainability Report 2021 – Anti-Corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Sustainability Report 2021 – Compliance with laws and 

regulations and Anti-corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Sustainability Report 2021 – Anti-corruption

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Sustainability Report 2021 – Environmental

GRI Content Index






16

SLB Development Ltd. 

GRI Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Sustainability Report 2021 – Contractor Management

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken

Sustainability Report 2021 – Contractor Management

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

401-3

Parental leave

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews

Sustainability Report 2021 – Employment

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Sustainability Report 2021 – Diversity, Equal Opportunity, and 

Non-discrimination

GRI 406: Non-discrimination

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken

Sustainability Report 2021 – Diversity, Equal Opportunity, and 

Non-discrimination

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data

Sustainability Report 2021 – Customer Privacy

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area

Sustainability Report 2021 – Social

GRI Content Index

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”). The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this Sustainability Report.

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Exchange and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including 

the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Tay Sim Yee at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542, telephone: +65 6232 3210.






29 Harrison Road, #07-00 Lian Beng Building, Singapore 369648

T: +65 6501 0306 | F: +65 6281 3123

E: admin@slbdevelopment.com.sg | W: www.slbdevelopment.com.sg

