
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 








SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

1 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

On behalf of SLB Development Ltd (the “Group” or “SLB”), I am pleased to present the third 

Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of the Group for the financial year ended 31 May 2020 (“FY2020”). 

This Report provides an overview of the Group’s commitment and approaches towards sustainability 

through its operations and business practices in the industry. We believe this Report serves as a good 

platform to demonstrate our continuous effort in sustainability performances and our commitment to 

sustainable development.  

 

Believing in building a green future by delivering innovative and environmentally sustainable designs, 

we value sustainability as the core of the Group’s success, and we are committed to being an 

environmentally sustainable real estate developer. To integrate sustainable development into our 

business operations, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) is responsible for overseeing the direction of 

the Group’s sustainable development, identifying Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

factors that are material to the Group’s business, and continuously monitors the material ESG factors 

as part of the Group’s long-term strategy formulation. The Board also has the responsibility in setting 

the sustainability agenda and overseeing the sustainability performances of the Group. A sustainability 

working group has been formed to plan for, implement, and integrate sustainability in the Group’s 

operations and strategies.  

 

The Group looks forward to delivering more sustainable designs for the built environment with the aim 

to protect the environment for future generations. We strive to maximise resource efficiency and 

energy conservation through the implementation of innovative, energy-efficient technologies in our 

buildings.  

 

We understand the importance of stakeholders to the Group’s decision-making process, therefore we 

actively engage stakeholders through various methods to understand their concerns and expectations. 

These stakeholder engagement exercises allow the Group to continuously improve its business 

prospect.  

 

Last but not least, we would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to all employees, 

customers, and business partners for their continuous support over the years. Looking forward, we will 

continue to make greater contributions and achieve sustainable corporate development by 

implementing sustainable practices. 

 

Mr. Matthew Ong  

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

2 

 

ABOUT SLB DEVELOPMENT LTD 

Listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) since April 

2018, SLB is a diversified property developer with extensive experience and track record across the 

residential, mixed-use, as well as industrial and commercial sectors and property development projects 

ranging from small to large scale. Headquartered in Singapore, the Group mainly operates in Singapore 

and also partakes in joint venture projects in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The diversified 

nature of the Group’s portfolio allows effective management of exposure to the fluctuations in demand 

and/or changes in regulations for each type of property development.  

 

The Group also established a fund management business in partnership with experienced industry 

veterans, which aims to actively pursue investment opportunities in real estate funds and various 

segments of the real estate value chain.  

 

With the vision to be an environmentally sustainable real estate developer genuinely believing in 

building a practical green future, the Group operates with the mission to achieve a pre-determined 

quality outcome, cost expectation, and key project timeliness. The Group is committed to having a 

positive impact on the environment and society. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

As a business that strives toward growth and development, we remain vigilant for emerging trends and 

developments that may present business opportunities. The changing business environment may offer 

opportunities for us to improve our sustainability and business performances. Our sustainability 

approach recognises the need to enhance our sustainability performance in order to increase our 

competitiveness. We are aware of the increasing importance of ESG factors among our stakeholders 

and the business landscape, and we aim to align our sustainability initiatives with our business strategy. 

 

ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

The Group issues a Sustainability Report on an annual basis and had published its second Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 May 2019 (“FY2019”) on 31 October 2019. This is the third 

Sustainability Report (“Report”) published by the Group and will cover the period from 1 June 2019 to 

31 May 2020. 

 

REPORTING SCOPE 

This Report presents and summarises the Group’s policies, practices, and performance on material ESG 

factors which are significant to the operations at the Group’s head office in Singapore, as well as 

development projects that the Group has direct control over the design of buildings and developments 

including the selection of our contractors and other service providers. In line with the Group’s 

continued commitment to environmental sustainability, the Group will strengthen its sustainability 

framework and practices in the future and will expand its scope of disclosures as the Group’s 

sustainability reporting matures. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

This Report has been prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of Listing Manual Section B: 

Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST (“Catalist Rules”) with references to the guidance set out in the SGX-ST’s 

sustainability reporting guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules.  

 

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option, for which it is a 

globally-recognised sustainability reporting standard. Corresponding GRI disclosures can be found at 

the GRI Standards Content Index Section of this Report. 

 

CONTACT US 

We value and welcome any feedback with regard to our sustainability reporting practices and 

performance as we strive to continuously improve our sustainability practices in the years to come. 

Please send your comments, suggestions, or feedback to admin@slbdevelopment.com.sg.  


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

3 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

The Group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and sustainability aspects. 

To understand and address their key concerns, we have been maintaining close communication with 

our stakeholders that have direct and significant impacts on our business, and also those who will be 

affected by our operations. We will continue to increase our involvement with stakeholders via 

constructive conversation with a view to charting a course for long term prosperity. 

 

In formulating operational strategies and sustainability measures, the Group takes into account the 

stakeholders' expectations and strives to improve its performance through cooperation with the 

stakeholders, resulting in creating greater value for them. The following table summarises our key 

stakeholders and their concerns of discussions, together with their corresponding engagement 

methods and frequency.  

 

Stakeholders 

Concerns of Discussions 

Engagement methods 

Engagement 

Frequency 

Shareholders 

and investors 

 

Sustainable profitability and 

shareholder return 

 

Transparent reporting 

 

Sound corporate governance 

practices 

 

Long-term growth of 

business 

 

Annual reports 

Annually 

 

 

Annual general meeting 

 

Investor relations 

management 

 

SGXNET announcements 

 

News releases 

Throughout the 

year 

Customers/ 

Property 

Buyers 

 

Responsiveness to customer 

requests and feedback 

 

Data Privacy 

 

Quality of delivered products 

 

Annual reports 

Annually 

 

Online exposure  

through property websites 

 

Feedback on customers 

services via email/hotline  

 

Projects launch events 

 

Showflat brochures 

Throughout the 

year 

Employees 

 

Remuneration and benefits 

 

Fair and competitive 

employment practices and 

policies 

 

Safe and healthy work 

environment 

 

Focus on employee 

development and wellbeing 

 

Ethics and Conduct 

 

Performance appraisal 

Annually 

 

Training and development 

programs 

 

Recreational and wellness 

activities 

Throughout the 

year 

Suppliers and 

Contractors 

 

Fair procurement 

 

Regular and punctual 

payments upon enlistment of 

service 

 

Health and safety, 

Environmental compliance 

 

Update from contractors on 

the occurrence of accidents 

and project progress 

through project meetings 

Weekly 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Products updates by 

suppliers via seminars, 

products launch events, 

office presentation, and 

site visits 

Regularly 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

4 

 

Stakeholders 

Concerns of Discussions 

Engagement methods 

Engagement 

Frequency 

Government 

and Regulators 

 

Environmental compliance 

with the National 

Environmental Agency 

 

Regulatory and industrial 

requirements by government 

 

SGXNET announcements 

Regularly 

 

Annual reports 

Annually 

 

 

Sustainability reports 

 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

Notices on CORENET and 

from government bodies 

Regularly 

Industrial 

Organisation 

 

Bargaining power and supply 

chain sustainability 

 

Annual reports 

Annually 

 

Conferences and seminars 

Regularly 

Community 

 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

 

Environmental Topics 

 

Community services 

engagement 

Regularly 

 

 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We identified material sustainability matters and ESG factors relevant to our property development 

business operations where we have direct control as a developer. The use of energy and water, 

production of waste and occupational health and safety at our project sites are not within our direct 

control. Members from the senior management team of the Group had participated in completing the 

materiality survey which was reviewed by the sustainability working group. During the materiality 

assessment, we took into consideration the following factors: 

 

 

Global and local emerging sustainability trends; 

 

Material topics identified by industry peers; 

 

Industrial best practices; and 

 

Sustainability reporting frameworks. 

 

The Group has considered feedback from relevant stakeholders in determining the Group’s material 

sustainability aspects to be covered in this Report. The Group’s materiality matrix for FY2020 is 

presented as follows. 

 

  

 

The Group will further disclose its performance of the above material topics in the Report, and the 

results will be considered as important reference points for the planning of sustainability management 

for the forthcoming years. The Group confirmed that appropriate and effective management policies 

and internal control systems for ESG issues are in place. 

 

 




SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

6 

 

SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS AND PERFORMANCE 

To better manage the Group’s material topics and its performance on those aspects, the Group has set 

quantifiable targets in FY2019 for FY2020 covering the ESG aspects.  

 

The table below summarises the Group’s progress and achievement towards the sustainability targets 

set for FY2020. In FY2020, we will continue to work for the targets set for the following year ending 31 

May 2021 (“FY2021”)  

 

Target for FY2020 

Result 

Target for FY2021 

Governance 

Anti-corruption 

Maintain zero corruption cases 

✓ 

No confirmed incidents of corruption / public 

legal cases regarding corruption brought against 

the Group  

Economic Compliance 

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

anti-corruption laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group  

✓ 

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

anti-corruption laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group 

Environmental 

Environmental Compliance  

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

environmental laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group 

✓ 

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

environmental laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group 

Social 

Employment 

Maintain an employee turnover rate of 25% or 

below 

✓ 

Reduce an employee turnover rate of 25% or 

below 

Training and Development 

Maintain an average of 8 hours of training per 

employee 

✓ 

Maintain an average of 8 training hours per 

employee 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Maintain no incidents of non-compliance 

resulting in regulatory resulting in fines, penalty, 

or warning. 

✓ 

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance 

resulting in regulatory breaches related to 

relevant health and safety legislation 

Customer Privacy 

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses of 

data 

✓ 

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses of 

data 

Socio-economic Compliance 

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

socio-economic laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group 

✓ 

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

socio-economic laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact on the Group 

 

Key: 

✓ Met target 

 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

7 

 

GOVERNANCE  

SLB Development Ltd strives to uphold good corporate governance practices to maintain trust from its 

stakeholders. The Group has developed a sound system of risk management and internal controls, and 

a risk governance and internal control framework manual has been put in place by the Board to define 

the strategic objectives and determine the risk appetite, tolerance, and risk mitigation measures to 

address potential impediments. 

 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

We recognise the importance of maintaining high standards of business integrity and complying with 

applicable laws and regulations, including relevant environmental laws and regulations. Thus, we have 

implemented measures to ensure that our employees comply with the Group’s policy and procedures. 

We have also put stringent monitoring and enforcement mechanisms in place to manage our economic, 

social, and environmental performance. We provide related training to all of our employees and 

governance bodies to equip them with knowledge on compliance with laws and regulations to aspects 

including but not limited to anti-corruption, environmental emissions, employment, etc. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

As a corporation that upholds business integrity, we have zero tolerance towards any forms of bribery 

and corruption. The Group has established related anti-corruption policies and procedures to ensure 

Directors, senior management and employees carry out their duties in an honest, fair, diligent, and 

ethical manner, within the scope of the authority conferred upon and in accordance with the laws, rules, 

regulations, agreements, guidelines, standards and internal policies.  

 

The Group has formulated the Code of Conduct and Ethics which sets out the principles of business 

ethics and conduct for the Group and covers significant areas including appropriate business conduct 

and ethics, safeguarding of confidential information and prohibition on insider trading, anti-bribery, 

corruption, and fraud measures, and conflicts of interest and non-competition. All employees of the 

Group are required to uphold the said principles and conduct themselves with high standards of 

integrity that comply with laws and regulations. The Code of Conduct and Ethics has also clearly stated 

that Directors, Senior Management and employees of the Company shall avoid any activity or 

association that creates or appears to create a conflict between the personal interests of the Directors, 

Senior Management, and employees and the Company’s business interests. 

 

Besides, the Group has established the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorist Financing 

Policy to ensure employees are familiarised with the guidelines on the prevention of money laundering 

and countering of financing of terrorism and the Group has complied with all regulatory rules.  

 

Also, the Group has adopted a Whistleblowing Policy, whereby employees of the Group and external 

parties may in confidence, raise concerns about possible improper financial reporting or other matters 

to the Audit Committee Chairman. The objective of the Whistleblowing Policy is to ensure independent 

investigations of such matters are carried out and appropriate follow-up actions are taken.  

 

The Group sees the importance of educating employees on anti-corruption related matters. The 

Group’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to all Directors, employees, 

and members of the governance body through a policy statement. As for consultants, contractors, and 

suppliers, related policies and procedures are communicated during the project tendering stage.  

 

In FY2020, there were neither any confirmed incidents of corruption or public legal cases regarding 

corruption brought against the Group, nor any termination of contracts with business partners due to 

violations related to corruption. Moreover, the Group did not identify any material non-compliance 

with relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations. We aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming 

year.  

 

More details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the “Corporate Governance 

Report” section on pages 13 to 41 of the Group’s 2020 Annual Report. 

 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

8 

 

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

The Group sees economic performance as a material factor as we believe our business’ economic 

viability is important to our stakeholders. We aim to attain sustainable economic growth to provide 

desirable returns to our shareholders annually.  

 

Our financial performance for FY2020 can be found in the Financial Statements section on pages 50-

125 of the Group’s FY2020 Annual Report.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

The Group believes that environmentally-friendly practices complement business efficiency and 

advocates corporate social responsibility. towards the environment by incorporating these processes 

into its daily operations. The Group strictly complies with related environmental regulations and has 

adopted and incorporated various environmental measures and procedures in its daily operations to 

demonstrate its commitment to being a socially responsible corporation. We require all employees to 

share responsibilities in monitoring the Group’s environmental performances. During FY2020, the 

Group achieved the target of maintaining zero cases of non-compliance with relevant environmental 

laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group. We aim to maintain the record 

of zero incidents for non-compliance for the forthcoming year.  

 

The Group has established the Integrated Management System (IMS) Procedures, which outlines the 

salient responsibilities and procedures for the effective management of the IMS to ensure its continuing 

suitability and improvement. The Executive Director, management, and company representatives are 

responsible to establish the quality and environmental policy and objectives and ensure they are 

effectively implemented at all project levels of the Group; set the framework for effective management 

of the business and ensure compliance with the rules and regulatory requirements; and review the 

effectiveness of the IMS. The quality and environmental policy and objectives will be regularly reviewed 

to ensure its continuing stability while satisfying the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System and 

ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System requirements. 

 

Under the IMS procedures, there is a section on “Environmental Aspects and Impact Assessment”, 

which describes, amongst others, the method used to identify design considerations in order to 

mitigate and reduce negative environmental impacts associated with each project. It considers 

environmental matters such as water efficiency, energy efficiency, environmental protection, and 

indoor environmental quality throughout various design and project management of each project. The 

key environmental aspects are required to be identified, addressed, and monitored during site appraisal, 

investigation and site clearance; concept design; design development (Architectural); design 

development (Civil &amp; Structural); design development (Mechanical &amp; Electrical); design development 

(Landscape); procurement; and construction stages. 

 

ENERGY 

The Group is committed to reducing energy consumption and ensuring energy efficiency for our 

projects and our workplace. Related energy management plans and measures have been developed as 

one of the Group’s fundamental policies to strive for energy conservation and efficiency. During FY2020, 

we have adopted including but not limited to the following policies and initiatives to enhance our 

energy efficiency:  

 

 

Explore energy-efficient technologies to implement in projects;  

 

Use technology to track and control direct energy usage; 

 

Achieve transparency by enhancing data quality and effects of operations on the environment; 

and  

 

Promote effective environmental management among suppliers and external contractors. 

 

The Group is committed to strictly executing the measurement and tracking the effectiveness of the 

above policies and initiatives. Our contractors are required to comply with our environmental policies 

and guidelines for all our projects. During FY2020, the utilities expenses of our headquarters are borne 

by the landlord, therefore there were no records of energy consumed.  


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

9 

 

WASTE MANAGEMENT  

The Group encourages employees to conduct waste separation at the source and inculcate the habit of 

waste recycling, therefore we have placed recycling bins in accessible areas to encourage recycling as 

a daily practice. Our waste management practices have complied with relevant laws and regulations 

relating to environmental protection. 

 

Our development projects may produce chemical waste during construction work. Yet, the amount of 

chemical waste produced cannot be estimated accurately due to the limitation of the data collection 

system. However, the Group ensures that all its main contractors has lawfully handled and disposed all 

chemical waste by filtering and passing to qualified chemical waste collectors. The Group aims to 

continuously reduce its adverse impact due to the production of hazardous waste.  

 

Non-hazardous wastes generated by the Group were mainly paper waste and construction waste. To 

minimise the environmental impacts from non-hazardous wastes generated from our business 

operation, the Group has implemented measures to manage different types of waste and launched 

different waste reduction initiatives.  

 

Concerning paper wastes, we have consumed approximately 0.25 tonnes of paper during FY2020 at the 

Group’s headquarters. To minimize the consumption of paper, we have implemented the following 

measures during business operation: 

 

 

Encourage double-sided printing;  

 

Recycle single-sided paper for printing;  

 

Utilise electronic communication where applicable; and  

 

Promote the use of recycled paper.  

Concerning construction wastes, recycling bins will be placed in site areas to collect and store different 

recyclable waste. During the FY2020, as the Group has no direct control over the construction sites 

operated by the main contractor for our projects, we have no access to the records of construction 

wastes disposed. 

 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

10 

 

Feature Story: INSPACE 

 

 

 

 

 

The 8-storey ramp-up B1 multi-user industrial development comprising 84 factory units is creatively 

designed for modern businesses, with careful consideration to details, from its smart office application 

such as wireless and online control of air conditioning, lighting, and security to recreational and social 

amenities such as swimming pool and outdoor fitness corner.  

 

We have incorporated various sustainable measures to conserve energy and enhance indoor 

environmental quality for our occupants, including but not limited to: 

 

 

Building envelope thermal performance;  

 

Naturally ventilated common areas;  

 

Energy-efficient light fittings (LED);  

 

Energy-efficient lifts;  

 

Water-efficient fittings;  

 

Sustainable construction method and products (Precast &amp; Green Label);  

 

Material with reduced Indoor Air Pollutants;  

 

Low Concrete Usage Index; and  

 

Extensive vertical landscaping and roof terraces.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

11 

 

Feature Story: Mactaggart Foodlink 

 

 

 

 

This development is a 5-storey light industrial development for food production comprising 28 factory 

units each with a mezzanine level and common facilities including 2 lorry lots, 16 car parking lots, a 

service lift, a fire/service lift, and a passenger/fire lift.  

 

To drive sustainable operation, different sustainable measures and practices are being considered and 

incorporated in the development, such measures and practices include but not limited to: 

 

 

Building envelope thermal performance;  

 

Naturally ventilated common areas;  

 

Energy-efficient light fittings (LED);  

 

Energy-efficient lifts;  

 

Water-efficient fittings;  

 

Sustainable construction method and products (Precast &amp; Green Label);  

 

Material with reduced Indoor Air Pollutants;  

 

Low Concrete Usage Index; and  

 

External building screening to reduce thermal heat gain.  








SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

12 

Note:   

1. Figure restated 

 

SOCIAL 

The management of the Group regularly reviews the business activities, sets up clear policies and 

procedures in advance to prevent potential infringement of related laws and regulations. Employees 

are also encouraged to report any suspected cases of violation in any laws and regulations. In FY2020, 

there were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant material socio-economic laws and 

regulations, and we aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming year. 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

We recognise that human capital is the backbone in supporting the development of the Group. 

Therefore, we have established relevant policies to fulfil our vision of people-oriented management 

and realizing the full potential of employees. Such policies are formally documented in the Employee 

Handbook, covering aspects of recruitment, remuneration, promotion, working hours and rest periods, 

diversity and equal opportunity, etc. The Group reviews the Employee Handbook and its employment 

practices periodically to ensure continuous improvements in its employment standards.  

 

Apart from employment policies, a Remuneration Committee is also established to review and 

recommend the framework of remuneration policies to the Board and key management personnel. The 

Remuneration Committee is also responsible to review and approve specific remuneration packages 

for directors and the Chairman. Key terms of reference can be referred to the Group’s annual report. 

 

As of 31 May 2020, SLB had a total of 11 full time and permanent employees (FY2019: 111) in Singapore. 

1 female employee, whose age group is under 30 years old joined while another female employee, 

whose age group is between 30-40 years old resigned during FY2020. The Group had an annual new-

hire rate of 9% (FY2019: 16.67%) and an annual turnover rate of 9% (FY2019: 16.67%) during FY2020. 

The Group has attained its prior year target of maintaining an employee turnover rate of 25% and below. 

We aim to maintain an employee turnover rate of 20% or below for the forthcoming year.  

 

Recruitment and Remuneration 

The Group applies robust and transparent recruitment processes based on merit, grades, and relevant 

skills for the position and potential to fulfil the Group’s current and future needs. We have formulated 

related employment policies to govern the recruitment process and strictly comply with the 

employment legislation in Singapore.  

 

Employees are the most important resources and play a critical role in the overall success of the Group. 

We believe high talent retention creates a positive work environment and helps strengthen employees’ 

commitment to the organisation. Therefore, we offer competitive remuneration packages for our 

employees. Our full-time employees enjoy benefits including healthcare and medical insurance, 

disability and invalidity coverage including Work Injury Insurance and Personal Accident Insurance. Full-

time employees are also entitled to different leave types, such as maternity leave, paternity leave, 

shared parental leave, childcare leave, etc.  

 

Also, the Group realises the importance of maintaining employees’ well-being and stresses heavily on 

creating a work-life balanced lifestyle for our employees. Therefore, we regularly engage with our 

employees by organizing different forms of activities and social events throughout the year. During 

FY2020, no employees had taken parental leave. 

 

Training and Development 

At SLB, we aim to provide opportunities for employees to not only learn and grow but also support 

them in developing talent and ability that meet their current and future job needs. We encourage 

continuous professional development for all our employees. Employees are required to attend training 

courses as and when deemed necessary by the Group. The Group may impose a bond for sponsorship 

of certain courses, depending on the cost and duration. 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

13 

 

 

During FY2020, our employees received an average of 10 training hours (FY2019: 10 training hours) per employee, 

for which our female employees received an average of 7.4 training hours while our male employees received an 

average of 14.5 training hours. Our senior management had received an average of 21.5 training hours while 

general staff had received an average of 4.8 training hours. We have met our prior year target for each employee 

to attend an average of 8 hours of training and we intend to provide our employees with more opportunities for 

training and maintain an average of 8 hours of training per employee in the forthcoming year. 

 

The Group believes reviewing employees’ performance can help to explore their developmental needs and 

further nurture employees’ growth. During FY2020, all employees of the Group received annual performance and 

career development reviews. 

 

DIVERSITY, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, AND NON-DISCRIMINATION  

The Group recognises the value of a diverse and skilled workforce and endeavours to create and maintain an 

inclusive and collaborative workplace culture in which all employees can thrive.  

 

The Group is dedicated to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and maintaining workplaces 

that are free from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment against any individual on the basis of race, 

religion, colour, gender, physical or mental disability, age, place of origin, marital status, and sexual orientation. 

This covers all aspects of employment, including selection, job assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, 

and access to benefits and training.  

 

To ensure a diverse working environment that is free from any form of discrimination, employees can raise 

concerns and make reports without fear of reprisals through the Whistleblowing Policy. Anyone found to be 

engaging in any type of unlawful discrimination will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including 

termination of employment.  

 

There were no incidents of discrimination during FY2020, and we aim to maintain the record for the forthcoming 

year. During FY2020, the Group has 7 female employees and 4 male employees, age between 30 years old to 57 

years old.  

 

The Group has also strived to maintain an appropriate level of diversity in its composition of the governance body. 

During FY2020, there were 4 (FY2019: 4) directors of the Board comprising 3 males and 1 female. 2 of them fall 

within the age group of 60-70 years old while the other two fall within the age group of 40-50 years old and 30-

40 years old respectively.  

 

CONTRACTOR MANAGEMENT  

The Group highly values our relationship with contractors and consultants and regard them as important business 

partners. Meanwhile, we also see the importance of recognizing the environmental and social risks embedded in 

the supply chain. The Group has implemented measures to ensure that our contractors and consultants are 

informed of their environmental responsibilities.  

 

The Group has formulated comprehensive procedures in accessing and selecting contractors and consultants. We 

evaluate our contractors and consultants based on a number of factors, including their competence, 

environmentally friendly practices, technical capability, financial soundness, past performances, and possession 

of relevant environmental certification such as ISO certification and BCA category of registration. We also take 

into consideration their workplace health and safety records and compliance with laws and regulations. Besides, 

our contractors must achieve and comply with the Green Mark Checklist launched by BCA, which prescribes 

environmentally sustainable measures. During FY2020, all new contractors were screened and none of them were 

assessed either for having environmental impacts or having a significant actual and potential negative 

environmental impacts.  

 

The selection of the tenderers is conducted by the appointed project consultant, reviewed by the General 

Manager, and approved by our CEO to ensure accountability and quality assurance of the contractors chosen. 

After the selection of contractors, we hold regular site meetings and track their workplace health and safety 

records to ensure that contractors are performing within the standards expected by the Group. 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

14 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

At SLB Development Ltd, we regard health and safety as a priority and see this as an essential part of our business. 

We strive to prioritise the health and safety of our employees, customers, third-party service providers, and 

visitors. We realise the essentiality of maintaining a safe working environment at all of our facilities, therefore we 

have set in place different health and safety practices. 

 

The Group ensures that all contractors are notified of their worksite health and safety responsibilities during the 

tender selection process. The Group evaluates all buildings built, and implement the Design for Safety (“DFS”) 

review process for projects with construction works of a contract sum of $10 million or more. The purpose of DFS 

is to ensure the risks in the design of buildings are highlighted and managed in a systematic and coordinated way. 

The Group appoints DFS professionals to assist in the facilitation of the DFS review process and to independently 

assess the design, construction, and completion stages throughout the project to highlight any potential safety 

issues.  

 

In view of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group remains highly vigilant to the potential impact of health and safety 

on both its employees and customers. The Group take necessary steps and measures to ensure safety and well-

being of its employees by implementing safe distancing measures at work place and embrace “work from home” 

arrangements where possible. The Group provide protective gears such as facemasks and hand sanitizers to its 

employees. Employees are also required to wear face masks at the office and check their body temperature twice 

per day. The Group has also imposed measures to avoid the spreading of COVID-19, such as providing alcohol-

based hand sanitisers to everyone entering the Group’s premise and sales gallery.  

 

During FY2020, the Group has complied with relevant laws and regulations concerning health and safety at 

project sites, and there are no incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in fines, penalties, or 

warnings. We aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming year. 

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY  

The Group has established the Personal Data Protection Policy to protect the confidentiality of data and the 

privacy of individuals by regulating the way in which personal data is managed.  

 

The Group has developed 9 obligations with regard to personal data, namely consent, purpose limitation, 

notification, access and correction, accuracy, protection, retention limitation, transfer limitation, and openness. 

The Group shall notify related parties of the purpose of the personal data collection and seek consent before 

disclose to any third parties.  

 

Furthermore, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of personal data in 

accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore. Training is provided to our employees who handle 

personal data to respect the confidentiality of such personal data and privacy. Other measures to secure and 

protect personal data include storing personal data in a combination of secure computer storage facilities and 

paper-based files and other records, as well as taking steps to protect the personal data from misuse, loss, 

unauthorised access, modification, or disclosure.  

 

During FY2020, the Group has zero breaches and substantiated complaints of customer privacy and losses of data, 

and we aim to maintain this record for the forthcoming year. 

 

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

SLB has long been committed to acting for the betterment of the community and has always been sensitive to 

the needs of the society. We bear the social responsibility to serve and is devoted to being a socially responsible 

corporate citizen. During FY2020, the Group had made numerous donations, which include donations to Charities 

of the President’s Challenge 2019, Food from the Heart and the UOB Heartbeat. We will continue to uphold our 

commitment to community participation and will continue to seek for more opportunities to give back to the 

society through different channels for the forthcoming years. 

 

 

 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

15 

 

 

SGX CONTENT INDEX 

 

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

Material Topics 

Materiality Assessment 

Policies, Practices, and Performance 

 

Governance 

 

Economic 

 

Environmental 

 

Social 

Board Statement 

Board Statement 

Targets 

Sustainability targets performance 

Framework 

About the Sustainability Report – Reporting Framework 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Indicator 

Description 

Session / Explanation  

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

SLB Development Ltd 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About SLB 

Development Ltd 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About SLB 

Development Ltd 

102-4 

Location of operations 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About SLB 

Development Ltd 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile 

2020 Annual Report – Group Structure 

102-6 

Markets served 

2020 Annual Report – Key Projects 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

2020 Annual Report – Independent Auditor’s 

Report 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Contractor 

Management 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply chain 

No significant changes during FY2020 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Governance 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Governance 

Report 

102-12 

External initiatives 

No externally-developed economic, 

environmental, and social charters, principles, or 

other initiatives are subscribed or endorsed 

during FY2020. 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SLB Development Ltd holds membership in 

Singapore Business Federation. 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-

maker 

Sustainability Report 2020 - Board Statement 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behavior 

Sustainability Report 2020 - About SLB 

Development Ltd 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Board Statement 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Governance 

Report  

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report 2020 - Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

No collective bargaining agreements are in place 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

16 

 

 

GRI Indicator 

Description 

Session / Explanation  

during FY2020. 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholder 

Sustainability Report 2020 - Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Sustainability Report 2020 - Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

2020 Annual Report – Independent Auditor’s 

Report 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the 

Sustainability Report 

Sustainability Report 2020 - Materiality 

Assessment 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report 2019 - Materiality 

Assessment 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

No restatements of information  

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes in the list of material 

topics and topic boundaries. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the 

Sustainability Report 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the 

Sustainability Report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the 

Sustainability Report 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Contact Us 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report 2020 – GRI Content Index 

102-56 

External assurance 

This Report has undergone the internal review 

process of the Group and was reviewed by the 

Board. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for FY2020 and may consider it for 

future periods.  

GRI 103: Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its Boundary 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Sustainability 

Approach  

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Sustainability 

Approach 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Sustainability 

Approach 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

2020 Annual Report – Independent Auditor’s 

Report 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related 

to corruption 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Compliance with 

laws and regulations and Anti-Corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about 

anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Compliance with 

laws and regulations and Anti-Corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Anti-Corruption 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 


SLB Development Ltd 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

17 

 

 

GRI Indicator 

Description 

Session / Explanation  

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Environmental 

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened 

using environmental criteria 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Contractor 

Management 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in 

the supply chain and actions taken 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Contractor 

Management 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year 

per employee 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Diversity, Equal 

Opportunity, and Non-discrimination 

 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and 

corrective actions taken 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Diversity, Equal 

Opportunity, and Non-discrimination 

 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Customer Privacy 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Sustainability Report 2020 – Social 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the 

“Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“Exchange”). The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this Sustainability Report. 

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Exchange and the Exchange assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Tay Sim Yee at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542, 

telephone: +65 6232 3210. 

 

