
SMRT Corporation Ltd

Sustainability Report 2016

The Road to a

Sustainable Future


1   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

About this Report

SMRT’s inaugural Sustainability Report 2016 provides an 

overview of our approach, priorities and progress in the 

area of sustainability for the Financial Year 2016 (1 April 

2015 to 31 March 2016). Sustainability is integral to our 

business and as we embark on this journey of sustainability 

reporting, we also hope to identify and focus on areas 

of improvement. We intend to produce this report on an 

annual basis.

With the environment as a key consideration, we have 

made a conscious decision to not produce physical copies 

of this report. It is available on our corporate website. 

Scope 

The Sustainability Report 2016 addresses our practices, 

initiatives and impact in Singapore. While we have business 

interests overseas, the information and data provided in 

this report relates mainly to our local operations, where 

we are headquartered. Financial statements of our 

businesses can be found in our Annual Report 2016.

As the construction of facilities and infrastructure are 

under the administration of the authorities, it is not within 

the scope of this report. 

Guidelines 

SMRT’s Sustainability Report 2016 adopts the reporting 

framework set out under the Global Reporting Initiatives 

(GRI) G4 Guidelines. We have prepared this report to 

meet the GRI G4 – ‘Core’ level as well as the Sustainability 

Reporting Framework of the International Association 

of Public Transport (UITP, from the French: l’Union 

Internationale des Transports Publics). Drawing on these 

two sets of guidelines, we have been able to produce 

a balanced report, focusing on our key material issues. 

The GRI Content Index can be found on page 46.

Assurance

Our Sustainability Report 2016 has not been externally 

assured. We aim to seek assurance in the future. 

Feedback

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders on this report 

or our sustainability journey at sustainability@smrt.com.sg.

SMRT Corporation Ltd (SMRT) is Singapore’s 

premier multi-modal land transport provider. Our 

core businesses are in rail operations, maintenance 

and engineering as well as in bus, taxi and 

automotive services. 

Complementing 

these 

are 

our 

integrated 

businesses in retail, media and marketing, as 

well as properties and retail management. We 

are committed to sustainable development and 

corporate social responsibility. 

SMRT was established in 1987 and was listed on the 

Singapore Exchange in July 2000. As of 31 March 

2016, our market capitalisation stood at around 

$2.3 billion.

Contents

3 

Business Overview

7  Milestones

9  President and Group CEO’s Message

11  Our Strategy

13  Performance Summary

16  Our Approach to Sustainability

20  Our Corporate Governance and Ethics

22  Our Health and Safety

25  Our Environment

32  Our Customers

37  Our People

41  Our Community

45  Our Sustainable Procurement

46  GRI Content Index

Visit our corporate website for more information at www.smrt.com.sg 

Join us on 

 SMRTCorpSG 

 @SMRT_Singapore 

 SMRT 

 SMRT Corporation Ltd

G4-3 ∕ G4-4  ∕ G4-5 ∕ G4-7 ∕ G4-8 ∕ G4-17 ∕ G4-28 ∕  G4-29 ∕ 

G4-30 ∕ G4-31 ∕ G4-32 ∕ G4-33


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   2

Our Vision

Moving People,  

Enhancing Lives

Our Mission

To be the people’s choice 

by delivering a world-class 

transport service and lifestyle 

experience that is safe, reliable 

and customer-centric.

Our Core Values

Service Excellence, 

Mastery, Responsibility 

and Respect, Teamwork, 

Nurture and Integrity.


3   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   4

Business Overview

The Right Balance

Rail and Non-Rail Operations

Non-Rail Operations

Buses 

• Manages a fleet of over 1,400 buses, providing 106 bus 

services connecting the Western and North-Western 

areas with the rest of Singapore.

• Average daily ridership of about 1 million passenger trips.

Taxis 

• Third largest taxi operator in Singapore with over 

20 years of experience in taxi operations.

• Manages a fleet of more than 3,500 taxis.

• Launched Strides Transportation to provide 

chauffeured and limousine services and car rental.

Rail Operations

Rail 

• Dominant rail operator in Singapore.

• Operates and maintains the North-South and 

East-West Lines (NSEWL) and the Circle Line 

(CCL) with a total route length of 129.8km across  

84 stations.

• Operates and maintains the Bukit Panjang Light 

Rail Transit (BPLRT) system, comprising 7.8km of 

elevated guideways across 14 stations.

• Average daily ridership of about 2 million 

passenger trips.

Revenue ($m) 

Operating Proﬁt ($m) 

FY2016

FY2015

FY2016

FY2015

248.5

238.1

5.9

(6.5)

Revenue ($m) 

Operating Proﬁt ($m) 

FY2016

FY2015

FY2016

FY2015

147.9

142.9

17.0

13.7

Revenue ($m)

Operating Proﬁt ($m)

FY2016

FY2015

FY2016

FY2015

33.4

28.7

4.3

2.4

Other Services

Automotive Services 

• Market leader in corporate fleet maintenance.

• Engineering arm of SMRT Roads, providing 

repairs 

and 

maintenance 

services 

for 

approximately 5,000 SMRT vehicles and 2,000 

corporate and private vehicles.

• Authorised workshop for accident repair for 

several insurance companies.

Bus-Plus Services 

• Premium private bus service operator with a 

fleet of about 80 buses including mini-buses and 

12-metre buses.

• Provides 45 bus services to corporate clients 

such as Singapore General Hospital and 

Nanyang Polytechnic.

• Offers premium bus services that connect 

passengers between residential areas and the 

Central Business District during the morning 

and evening peak hours on weekdays.

Revenue ($m) 

Operating Proﬁt ($m) 

FY2016

FY2015

FY2016

FY2015

681.0

654.0

7.4

9.6

G4-4  ∕ G4-6 ∕ G4-8 ∕ G4-9


5   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   6

Overview

Revenue ($m)

Operating Proﬁt ($m)

FY2016

FY2015

FY2016

FY2015

11.3

15.2

(0.03)

(2.4)

Revenue ($m) 

FY2016

FY2015

174.6

156.6

Operating Proﬁt ($m) 

FY2016

FY2015

106.1

101.5

Business Overview continued

Engineering Services

Singapore Rail Engineering 

• Rail engineering solutions provider to mass 

transit operators locally and internationally.

• Joint ventures with Toshiba to market and 

supply energy-efficient propulsion systems to 

mass transit operators globally (excluding 

Japan), and with  Faiveley Transport to 

provide Maintenance, Repairs and Overhaul 

(MRO) services for rolling stock components 

in South East Asia (excluding Thailand). 

SMRT Services 

• Provides transport-related technical services  

and support capabilities both locally and 

overseas.

• Joint venture with 2 Getthere Holding B.V. to 

market, install, operate and maintain their 

Automated Vehicle systems in Singapore and 

the Asia-Pacific region.

SMRT International 

• Provides 

operations 

and 

maintenance, 

engineering 

consultancy 

and 

project 

management services overseas.

Note: Revenue and Operating Profit figures comprise Rail and Non-Rail Transit-Oriented Rental &amp; Advertising and Commercial Business 

Non-Rail Operations

Other 

Transit-

Oriented 

Rental &amp; 

Advertising 

• Manages retail and advertising 

spaces within the network of bus 

interchanges, buses and taxis.

Rail Operations

Rail Transit-Oriented Rental &amp; Advertising 

• Rental network occupancy of 98%.

• Optimised short-term lease space for higher rental yield. 

• Brought smiles to commuters with popular Disney franchises and movies on advertising and retail spaces.

• Celebrated SG50 through engaging advertisements.

Commercial Business 

Properties &amp; Retail 

Management

• Leased more than 90% of space at 

Singapore Sports Hub.

Media &amp; Marketing

• Launched WINK+, first-of-its-kind loyalty  

app for retailers, out-of-home and 

digital advertisers to integrate their 

offline and online campaigns with 

real-time return on investment tracking 

and analytics.

Partnerships

• Enhanced consumer lifestyle offerings 

and rewards through partnerships with 

Citibank, 

Football 

Association 

of 

Singapore, Maybank,  The Walt Disney 

Company 

(Southeast 

Asia) 

and 

Warner Bros.




SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   8

7   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Singapore Rail Engineering Pte Ltd is  

incorporated. Together with Toshiba, it  

establishes a joint venture, Railise, to market  

and supply energy-efficient Permanent 

Magnet Synchronous Motor-based 

propulsion systems globally.

SMRT appoints energy managers in accordance with the 

Energy Conservation Act to report on energy consumption 

as well as greenhouse gas emissions.

Milestones

Singapore Mass Rapid 

Transit (SMRT) is 

incorporated.

Singapore’s first MRT 

System begins operations 

with inaugural service 

between Yio Chu Kang 

and Toa Payoh on the 

North-South Line.

1987

CUSTOMERS

CUSTOMERS

COMMUNITY

CUSTOMERS

COMMUNITY

ENVIRONMENT

PEOPLE

CUSTOMERS

Woodlands MRT station is the first MRT 

station in Singapore to be awarded the 

Building and Construction Authority’s 

Green Mark (Gold).

SMRT introduces 600 Prius Hybrid taxis, 

the largest hybrid fleet in Singapore.

Woodlands Xchange opens and tenants 

are first shop owners in Singapore to be 

certified with the Project: Eco-Shop label, 

which was jointly developed by SMRT and 

the Singapore Environment Council.

SMRT introduces new Bus Captain 

Progressive Career Scheme.

ENVIRONMENT

PEOPLE

SMRT adds 30 new wheelchair-enabled 

London cabs to its fleet.

CUSTOMERS

SMRT establishes an Environmental 

Sustainability Committee to oversee 

our green sustainability efforts.

SMRT equips two trains with the 

Permanent Magnet Synchronous 

Motor-based propulsion systems 

which can achieve energy savings  

of close to 40%.

SMRT collaborates with Pathlight School 

to support inclusiveness and celebrate 

abilities of people with special needs by 

unveiling 50 commissioned works of art 

featuring transport themes drawn 

by Pathlight students and alumni.

SMRT celebrates the official opening 

of the Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Inclusive 

Playground which has special 

needs-friendly play features 

to encourage inclusive play.

COMMUNITY

The SMRT Trains Engineering 

Programme is launched 

to develop a sustainable pipeline 

of engineering professionals. 

Official opening of Singapore Bus 

Training and Evaluation Centre, 

Singapore’s first 

team-based simulation.

SMRT – Temasek Cares AED 

on Wheels is launched, a three-year 

pilot programme where 100 SMRT 

taxis have Automated External 

Defibrillators (AEDs) installed in 

their vehicles.

SMRT supports Wheels@Ubin, 

a community project which brought 

100 wheelchair users on a tour 

to Pulau Ubin to celebrate SG50.

PEOPLE

COMMUNITY

ENVIRONMENT

COMMUNITY

PEOPLE

ENVIRONMENT

CUSTOMERS

The Road to a  

Sustainable Future

Sustainability has been a part of our business since we began  

operations in 1987.

Bukit Panjang Light Rail 

Transit, Singapore’s first 

light rail system, opens for 

passenger service.

1999

In collaboration with the 

Ministry of Education, 

SMRT launches Learning 

Journey, a structured 

education programme 

to provide students with 

insights into SMRT’s 

operations.

SMRT Corporation and 

TIBS Holdings merger 

creates Singapore’s first 

multi-modal transport 

company.

2001

SMRT launches Gift 

of Mobility Programme 

to provide taxi services 

for needy individuals 

with physical disabilities.

‘SMRT is Green’ is 

launched organisation-wide 

as a commitment 

to environmental 

sustainability, which 

includes initiatives to 

green our fleet.

SMRT puts South 

East Asia’s first Euro 

V-compliant bus on 

the roads.

SMRT debuts SMRT 

Eco taxis which use 

compressed natural gas.

2008

Establishes 

SMRT Institute, an 

accredited educational 

institution that develops 

and delivers transport 

related training and 

education services.

Singapore’s fourth rail line, 

Circle Line, commences 

service from Bartley 

to Marymount.

Wheelchair Accessible Bus 

services are introduced 

to provide commuters 

with greater access.

2009

SMRT introduces Adopt-A-Station/Adopt-An-Interchange, 

a community outreach programme that partners local 

schools to encourage gracious commuting behaviour.

PEOPLE

ENVIRONMENT 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

SMRT introduces a new progressive competency-based 

career scheme for our rail employees.

SMRT signs Memorandum of Understanding with e2i and 

NTWU to jointly develop and operate the first Bus Career 

Development Centre.

2014

2015

2013

Sponsored by SMRT, 

the JurongHealth 

Mobility Park is the 

first-of-its-kind in Singapore 

to feature life-size public 

transportation models to 

help patients rehabilitate.

Seven SMRT engineers are 

accredited as Singapore’s 

first Chartered Engineers in 

Railway and Transportation 

Engineering.

2getthere Asia, a joint 

venture between SMRT 

Services and 2 Getthere, 

is set up to market, install, 

operate and maintain the 

Automated Vehicle systems 

for customers in Singapore 

and the Asia-Pacific region.

2016

COMMUNITY

ENVIRONMENT

SMRT progressively installs buses 

with Telematics Solutions towards 

Saving Fuel and Safety Driving to 

encourage safe and eco-driving.




SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   10

9   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

President and Group CEO’s Message

level, seven SMRT staff became Singapore’s pioneer batch of 

Chartered Engineers in Railway and Transportation Engineering, 

an accreditation awarded by The Institution of Engineers, 

Singapore and recognised by the railway industry as an indication 

of the deep expertise in a specialised field of engineering. 

We also continued apace with our organisation-wide campaign 

to inculcate service excellence and a customer-oriented culture 

within SMRT. 

We are renewing our emphasis on workforce health and safety. 

Safety procedures that we have in place are for the well-being 

and protection of our employees. We deeply regret that two 

of our colleagues lost their lives in a tragic accident along the 

East-West Line this March. A comprehensive Company-wide 

review is being conducted on all our safety structures, processes 

and compliance. This is to ensure that safety continues to be 

accorded the highest attention and priority in our operations and 

maintenance services. A zero accident policy at the workplace is 

the conscious target that everyone in SMRT must work towards, 

as clearly we must do better. 

We recognise our responsibility to provide commuters 

with a world-class transport service that is safe, reliable 

and customer-centric. At the forefront of our operational 

performance and customer experience efforts are operational 

performance standards, key performance indicators and service 

standards laid down by the authorities to be met across all our 

train, bus and taxi operations and services. As part of this effort, 

SMRT is committed to carrying out timely fleet and infrastructure 

upgrade and renewal programmes, improving customer service 

touchpoints, and enhancing service recovery measures in the 

event of a disruption.

SMRT is about people. We reach out actively to the community 

we serve. In the past few years, we have identified key partners 

and worked closely with them to realise important projects that 

can make a positive impact on the community. With the opening 

of the Bishan-Ang Mo Kio inclusive playground, children with 

special needs have been able to interact and play with each 

other. As a primary donor of the inclusive playground, we are 

proud to be a part of a very positive step towards integrating 

children with disabilities into society.

On that same note, we have also been working with 

JurongHealth to set up Singapore’s first Mobility Park within the 

integrated healthcare hub of Ng Teng Fong General Hospital 

and Jurong Community Hospital. The park features a life-size 

train car, bus mock-ups and a taxi to replicate real-life conditions. 

These prepare patients for their discharge and help them regain 

their confidence in moving and getting around on our public 

transport system. 

Green Business

The public transport landscape in Singapore continues to evolve 

to meet the changing needs of commuters and an ageing 

population. We are committed to leveraging on technology to 

offer environmentally friendly travel options. 

The Company is guided by our SMRT is Green environmental 

sustainability programme. Some of our recent initiatives include 

partnership with 2 Getthere to bring Automated Vehicles to 

the Asia-Pacific region and energy saving, emissions-reducing 

It is my pleasure to present SMRT’s first Sustainability Report. 

This marks a new chapter in our journey towards a sustainable 

future. This report demonstrates our commitment to deliver 

positive impact to our business lines and our stakeholders. 

SMRT’s Sustainability DNA

Since 1987, we have played a significant role towards a vision of 

“Moving People, Enhancing Lives”. Over the years, we have been 

pivotal in the way Singapore lives, works and plays by providing 

safe, reliable and customer-centric connectivity through our 

public transport services. 

At SMRT, sustainability is intrinsic to our business at both the 

strategic and operational levels. We have identified 14 material 

issues that are important to the Group and our stakeholders. 

We recognise that transparency comes with reporting on such 

material issues, and we are accountable for the consequences 

and contributions these issues have on our businesses. 

These material issues are taken into account through our 5 

strategic thrusts - improving operational performance, enhancing 

customer experience, strengthening workforce health, nurturing 

organisational excellence and ensuring sustainable growth. 

We encourage everyone in our organisation to think and act 

with SMRT’s long-term sustainability and our responsibility to the 

community in mind. 

We are committed to ensuring optimal operational performance 

and workforce health through the adoption of international 

standards. Our business units across the Group are certified 

to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001. These standards 

decisions such as the purchase of Prius Hybrid taxis and 

energy-efficient Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor-based 

propulsion systems in our trains. Our trains also feature 

regenerative characteristics, as when a train applies its brakes, 

power is returned to the system via the Third Rail. SMRT’s 

Woodlands and Ang Mo Kio MRT stations were awarded the 

Building Construction Authority’s Green Mark (Gold) Award in 

recognition of its sustainable design and operational practices.

Adding to these initiatives, we recently reviewed our framework, 

structures and processes, and established an Environmental 

Sustainability Committee to oversee energy, water and waste 

management in the organisation. The Committee will drive 

efforts to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions as well as to 

monitor and implement initiatives to manage our water and waste 

consumption responsibly. By 2018, we target to reduce energy 

consumption by 10%, and waste and water consumption by 6%. 

We will also continue to explore renewable energy technology, 

such as solar energy, and will implement these as deemed 

feasible from an operational and technological standpoint. 

Governance

It is vital that we conduct our business ethically and responsibly 

through strong internal controls and by inculcating the right 

values in our people. We have in place a robust Enterprise 

Risk Management (ERM) framework to deal with opportunities 

and uncertainties through timely identification of key risks and 

implementing of appropriate mitigating measures. SMRT’s 

materiality assessment is mapped against the risks identified 

within the ERM framework. 

As a mark of organisational excellence, our efforts in adopting a 

high standard of corporate governance and transparency were 

recognised when we won The Internal Audit Excellence Award 

during the Securities Investors Association (Singapore) Investors’ 

Choice Award ceremony last year. 

Looking Ahead

We recognise the need to adapt and anticipate changes to the 

economic, environmental, social and governance sustainability 

landscape. I hope our first Sustainability Report will leave you 

with a strong and positive impression of our commitment 

to sustainability.

We will continue to integrate sustainability as an instinct and 

habit across the organisation, and as an integral part of every 

business decision we take. We appreciate having you onboard 

with us on the journey to a more sustainable future.



Desmond Kuek

President and Group Chief Executive Officer

demonstrate our commitment to ensuring product quality, 

environmental protection, and occupational health and safety. 

SMRT Trains is certified to ISO 55001 (maturity level 3) for its 

efforts to institute a life cycle asset management system. We are 

the second metro in Asia to achieve this standard. It underscores 

our commitment to ensuring that assets are being appropriately 

maintained, with risks properly identified and addressed.

As a mark of our emphasis in sustainability, we became a pledge 

signatory to the International Association of Public Transport 

(UITP, from the French: l’Union Internationale des Transports 

Publics) Sustainability Charter. As a signatory, we acknowledge 

the importance of integrating sustainability in the way we work, 

as it drives long-term strategies and outcomes. Our participation 

also means that we are part of the conversation to contribute to, 

as well as learn from, best practices among international public 

transport operators.

Understanding Our Stakeholders 

As corporate citizens, we recognise that our businesses and 

actions have an impact on all our stakeholders. These include 

our employees and customers, as well as the larger public 

and community.

Our people form the backbone of the organisation and are vital 

to our collective success. Over the years, we have developed 

and sustained a professional workforce. In the last financial year, 

as part of our efforts to deepen competency, we formed key 

partnerships and developed programmes such as the Bus Captain 

Career Scheme and Trains Career Scheme for non-executive 

operations and technical staff. Earlier this year, at the executive 

G4-1 ∕ G4-2 


11   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   12

Our Strategy

Constantly pursuing excellence, 

we look within to streamline, 

optimise and improve as we 

push ourselves to higher levels. 

We do this through continual 

learning and adapting 

to a changing environment while 

ensuring good governance.

We invest in knowledge 

management and creation 

to drive long-term growth 

and capacity. 

We have in place an Enterprise 

Risk Management framework 

to anticipate and mitigate 

downside risks, while 

simultaneously positioning the 

Company to pursue growth 

opportunities. 

Our common purpose is to 

build trust and bring on smiles, 

every day and in everyone 

who journeys with us. 

Serving millions of customers 

in our network daily, we 

understand that little things 

count. Commuter satisfaction 

is important to us and we are 

continually improving our 

approach to service delivery.

We aspire to achieve a new level 

of customer service by engaging 

stakeholders such as employees, 

customers and the community. 

We improve customer service 

by ensuring our workforce 

is trained, empowered and 

understands our commitment 

and values. 

We recognise that a strong 

workforce is important 

to achieving our business 

objectives and meeting 

the needs of our various 

stakeholders. Workforce 

health is achieved through 

a high performance and 

people-orientated workplace 

culture. We groom a workforce 

that is competent, collaborative 

and continually learning, made 

up of people who are valued, 

committed and engaged. 

We encourage employees to 

lead a healthy lifestyle and 

promote work-life integration. 

We nurture our employees 

through training and 

development, and provide them 

with a safe working environment.

Our 

Supporting 

Thrusts

Our 

Strategic 

Priorities

We are in the business 

of providing safe, reliable 

and comfortable journeys for 

everyone who travels with us.

Service delivery is extremely 

important to us and we continue 

to explore innovative ways 

to enhance our operational 

performance. We invest in our 

systems and our people to 

achieve the highest standards.

We embed sustainability in our 

operational performance by 

ensuring our employees and 

commuters are safe and our 

services are reliable. 

Taking a strategic view of 

sustainability, we are ready to 

respond to challenges as we 

move forward.

Sustainable growth is a major 

consideration in our rail and 

non-rail businesses. 

Our transport businesses 

operate in an environment that 

is governed by high regulatory 

standards, and challenged by 

heightened operational 

demands on service, reliability 

and capacity. We continue to 

invest and be operationally 

ready through the acquisition of 

new operating assets, asset 

renewal and life cycle upgrades.

We are committed to driving 

revenue and profit growth on 

a sustainable basis, supported 

by an entrepreneurial spirit and 

an innovative mindset to deliver 

long-term shareholder value.

Improving 

Operational 

Performance

Ensuring 

Sustainable 

Growth

Enhancing 

Customer 

Experience

Entrenching 

Organisational 

Excellence

Strengthening 

Workforce  

Health

Our 5 Strategic Thrusts

Our 5 strategic thrusts guide us in the work that we do and the way we work. 


13   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   14

Performance Summary

Financial Highlights

Cash and Cash Equivalents ($m)

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

546.3

195.3

155.5

156.1

232.2

PATMI4 ($m)

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

83.3

119.9

61.9

91.0

109.3

11.3

7.4

5.3

7.4

8.4

PATMI ($m)

PATMI Margin (%)

Earnings and Dividend Per Share (cents)

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

5.5

7.9

4.1

6.0

7.2

7.45

2.50

2.20

3.25

4.00

Basic EPS

DPS

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

110.2

148.7

84.2

120.8

138.5

79.1

90.7

63.0

64.1

78.1

3.4

108.7

9.6

133.3

7.4

EBIT3 ($m)

Rail

Non-Rail

Group

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

1,119.5

1,057.2

1,163.9

1,235.5

1,296.6

477.1

580.0

500.7

618.5

529.7

634.1

581.5

654.0

615.6

681.0

Revenue ($m)

Rail1

Non-Rail2

Group

Non-Financial Highlights

Health and Safety:

Customers:

Environment:

1.37

Employee accident 

frequency rate

42.5

Employee accident 

severity rate

23

Commuter 

injuries

436,941

tonnes of CO2e

1,253,995,912 kWh

Energy used

1,253,404m3

Water used

391,481tonnes

Waste disposed

&gt;$2.0million

Cash and in-kind sponsorship

1,925 hours

Staff volunteering

Close to 8,000 

Employees trained 

in service excellence

83%

SMRT Trains

Customer satisfaction level1 

88%

SMRT Buses

86%

SMRT Taxis

People:

Community:

100%

91.7%

Employees who receive regular 

performance and career 

development reviews

Spending on local suppliers

15%

Female  

employees

    40 hours

Average number of training hours per employee

Sustainable Procurement:

1. 

Based on Nielsen Customer Satisfaction Survey

Return on Equity (%) 

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

Shareholders’ Funds ($m)

768.2

791.4

801.8

859.5

915.9

15.1

10.7

7.9

11.0

12.3

ROE (%)

1. 

Rail includes Train and LRT.

2. 

Non-Rail includes Bus, Taxi, Rental, Advertising, Engineering Services 

and Other Services, but excludes Investment Holding and Support 

Services, elimination, impairment of goodwill and impairment of 

interest in associate.

3. 

Earnings before Interest and Tax.

4. 

Profit after Tax and Minority Interest.

G4-9


15   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Performance Summary continued

Awards and Accolades

Operational Performance

ISO 55001 : 2014

TÜV SÜD PSB Pte Ltd

Organisational Excellence

Internal Audit Excellence Award 

SIAS 16th Investors’ Choice Award 2015

Securities Investors Association (Singapore)

Achieving Corporate Ethics Mark

Chartered Institute of Procurement &amp; Supply

Best Government Sector PR Campaign

The PR Awards 2016

Marketing Magazine

Best PR Campaign by In-House PR Team

The PR Awards 2016

Marketing Magazine

Best PR Campaign – Public Services

The PR Awards 2016

Marketing Magazine

Local Hero Brand (Winner)

Brands Digital Excellence Awards 2016

Heardable, Inc.

Customer Experience

Singapore Service Excellence Medallion (Service 

Professional) 2015

SPRING Singapore

Singapore Experience Awards (Customer Service 

– Transport) 2015

Singapore Tourism Board

National Kindness Award – Transport Gold 2015

Singapore Kindness Movement, Traffic Police &amp; Land 

Transport Authority

Excellent Service Awards (EXSA) 2015

SPRING Singapore

Workforce Health

Best Engagement &amp; Retention Strategies 

HRM Awards 2016

Human Resources Magazine (HRM) Asia

 

Best Reward &amp; Recognition Strategies 

(Special Recognition) 

HRM Awards 2016

Human Resources Magazine (HRM) Asia

Excellence in HR Strategic Plan (Gold) 

HR Excellence Awards 2015

Human Resources magazine

Excellence in Graduate Development (Silver) 

HR Excellence Awards 2015

Human Resources magazine

Excellence in Mature Workforce Practices (Silver) 

HR Excellence Awards 2015

Human Resources magazine

Excellence in Talent Management (Bronze) 

HR Excellence Awards 2015

Human Resources magazine

Leading HR Practices in Strategic HR 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

Leading HR Practices in Performance Management 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

Leading HR Practices in Employee Relations &amp; People 

Management 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

Leading HR Practices in Lifelong Learning 

(Special Mention) 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

Leading HR Practices in Compensation &amp; Rewards 

Management (Special Mention) 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

Leading HR Practices in Workplace Safety &amp; Health 

(Special Mention) 

The Singapore HR Awards 2015

Singapore Human Resources Institute

May Day Plaque of Commendation (Gold) 2015

National Trade Union Congress (NTUC)

May Day Model Partnership Award 

(Management Category) 2015

National Trade Union Congress (NTUC)


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   16

Our Approach to Sustainability 

Striving to integrate sustainability across our organisation is 

not an easy task, and remains a work in progress. We remain 

dedicated and are taking progressive steps to achieve our goals.

Sustainability Commitments

SMRT recently joined the UITP Sustainability Charter as a pledge 

signatory. As a pledge signatory, we recognise the need to 

incorporate sustainability throughout our businesses.

To stay abreast of developments in our industry, keep ahead 

of best practices and trends, and collate feedback on how to 

improve our business practices, we are members of organisations 

such as the UITP, Community of Metros and Nova Benchmarking 

Group, International Bus Benchmarking Group, Global Compact 

Network Singapore and Securities Investors Association 

(Singapore).

Benchmarks of Excellence

We subscribe to internationally recognised standards such as 

OHSAS 18001 on occupational health and safety management 

and ISO 14001 on environmental management. 

These standards are applied through our Health, Safety &amp; 

Environmental Management System manual, which covers 

our system safety, as well as the workplace safety, health and 

environmental aspects of employees, customers, business 

partners and the public. 

Materiality 

Materiality Assessment

As part of SMRT’s strategic approach to sustainability, a 

robust materiality assessment was conducted in early 2016. 

This assessment was in line with the Accountability AA1000 

Assurance Standard and GRI’s four-step process of identification, 

prioritisation, validation and review to define material issues. 

The extensive materiality assessment process was essential 

to defining SMRT’s economic, environmental, social and 

governance material issues that influence the decisions of our 

key stakeholders, and therefore merit inclusion in this report.

Identification

We began the materiality process by identifying the entire 

spectrum of material issues that are important to us. An external 

consultant was appointed to conduct an internal review as well 

as a review of our peers.

Prioritisation

The issues were then prioritised, and the critically important ones 

were classified as Tier 1 issues while those of high importance 

were classified as Tier 2. 

Prioritisation 

took 

into 

account 

external 

and 

internal 

considerations such as benchmarking with our peers, GRI and 

UITP expectations, our 5 strategic thrusts, our Group top risks 

as well as our policies and processes. 

Validation

In order to validate the issues, our consultant sought feedback 

from internal stakeholders on the materiality assessment. 

Discussions were held to determine which issues were significant 

for SMRT’s long-term performance, with comments and 

suggestions taken into consideration. 

Once the material issues have been established, a final 

review meeting involving the CEO and Management, as well 

as representatives from the Environmental Sustainability 

Committee, Human Resources, Procurement and all other 

relevant departments, was held. During this session, a list of 

14 material issues was finalised for our Sustainability Report.

Review

Based on the validation process described above, we aim to 

conduct a review of these material issues at an appropriate time.

Results from Materiality Assessment

Of the 14 finalised material issues, seven were classified as Tier 1 

issues and the remaining seven as Tier 2. 

The list of material issues can be found on the following page.

Committing to Sustainability 

Across the Organisation

Our approach to sustainability is based on accountability and transparency. We are open with our stakeholders 

about our operations and businesses. This includes our sustainable business growth strategy and how we aim 

to embed sustainability into our core operations.

G4-15 ∕ G4-16 ∕ G4-18 ∕ G4-27


17   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Identification

Establish the spectrum of important or material issues that are of relevance to our core businesses.

Prioritisation

Consider both external and internal perspectives through a combination of information sources:

• Benchmarking study of our peers in the transport industry

• GRI G4 guidelines

• UITP Sustainability Reporting Framework

• 5 strategic thrusts

• Group top risks

• Existing policies and procedures

Validation

Internal discussions and reviews with Management, the Environmental Sustainability Committee 

and employees. The sessions were facilitated by an independent sustainability expert.

List of 14 key material issues was finalised and signed off by the CEO and Management.

Review

Periodically assess list of material issues (following report publication) based on changing business 

landscape, emerging trends and key stakeholder feedback.

Material Issues

Tier 1

Tier 2

Operational Performance and Excellence 

Community Investment, Involvement and Development 

Anti-corruption / Fair and Ethical Operating Practices 

Managing Supply Chain Sustainably

Access to Essential Services

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Customer Health and Safety

Labour Rights

Occupational Health and Safety (Employees and Contractors)

Employee Development and Training 

Environment (Climate Change, Energy Management, Water 

Management, Waste Management, Noise Management, 

Sustainable Resource Use, Compliance) 

Research and Development/ Innovation for 

Engineering Capabilities 

Customer Satisfaction

Noise 

Our Approach to Sustainability continued

G4-19


G4-20 ⁄ G4-21 ⁄ G4-24 ⁄ G4-25

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   18

In line with GRI requirements, we have mapped out the 

boundaries of the material issues to determine where the impact 

lies. All the material issues occur within SMRT, except for access 

to essential services, which lies outside our boundary. 

Operational performance and excellence, customer health 

and safety, occupational health and safety, environment, 

customer satisfaction, community investment, involvement and 

development, managing supply chain sustainably, research and 

development/ innovation for engineering capabilities as well as 

noise have direct relevance within and outside SMRT’s boundary.

Commitment to Stakeholders

Our stakeholders are critical to our long-term business. It is 

essential that we actively engage our stakeholders to understand 

and look for improved ways to address their economic, 

environmental, social and governance concerns.

In the coming months, we intend to interact with our key 

stakeholders to ensure that the material issues are strategically 

aligned with their expectations.

Stakeholder Identification

During the materiality process, we took the opportunity to review 

our stakeholder groups. These comprised stakeholders who may 

have an impact on our business, as well as those who are affected 

by our operations.

The following key stakeholder groups have been identified:

Shareholders, 

Investors and 

Analysts

Customers 

and 

Community

Business 

Partners

Regulators

Employees  

and Union

Suppliers  

and  

Contractors

Stakeholder Mapping 

The stakeholder mapping exercise was facilitated by the external 

consultant. This was a collaborative process whereby our 

material issues were mapped against the concerns and impact 

on the various key stakeholder groups. This was done through 

a workshop attended by employees from various departments 

across the organisation.

Engagement 

We endeavour to engage our key stakeholder groups, 

communicate with them and solicit feedback on decisions that 

affect us mutually. 

Engagement with our stakeholders takes place in a wide 

variety of formats as shown in the table on the following page. 

The stakeholder mapping allowed us to understand the concerns 

of our stakeholders. We aim to increase our level of engagement 

with them in the coming years. 

We are working on developing a stakeholder strategy that will 

underpin all of our interactions and engagement activities with 

our stakeholders. 

Measuring Our Progress

After defining the material issues for our business in FY2016, we 

developed sustainability key performance indicators (KPIs) that 

are relevant to us and in line with the GRI guidelines as well as 

the UITP Sustainability Reporting Framework. 

We have a strong focus on tracking our performance. 

Our Information Fusion Centre (IFC) department collates and 

publishes the Group’s data on an Enterprise-wide Business 

Intelligence Platform, accessible to relevant users. Information is 

collected on a regular basis and analysed. 

IFC has begun collecting data and monitoring our sustainability 

KPIs to help us measure and manage our targets. 

Moving Forward 

Our focus will be to drive performance improvements around 

our key material issues, as these represent our main sustainability 

risks and opportunities. 

Over the next few years, our intention is to be able to fully 

integrate sustainability in all aspects of our business units. At the 

same time, we will also be looking at mega trends which may 

affect us in the future by conducting continuous dialogue with 

our stakeholders and taking a risk-based approach to our entire 

value chain.

Shareholders attending our 16th Annual General Meeting on 7 July 2015.




19   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Approach to Sustainability continued

Stakeholders

Forms of 

engagement

Shareholders, 

Investors 

and Analysts

Shareholders 

and Investors

• One-on-one meetings and conference calls to provide regular updates on Company 

developments 

• Dedicated investor relations email to address queries

• Train depot site visits

• Quarterly financial results briefings 

• Annual General Meeting

Analysts

• Quarterly financial results briefings 

• Regular conversations to update on Company developments

Customers and 

Community 

Customers

• Social media (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn)

• Feedback handling

Community

• Educational tours and community programmes

• Regular volunteering activities and programmes

Regulators

• Regular meetings on statutory requirements and new developments for a wide range of 

issues ranging from safety to employment

Business 

Partners

• Ongoing progress meetings 

Employees 

and Union

Employees

• Regular townhalls and Senior Management walkabouts

• Newsletters and circulars

• Biennial staff engagement surveys

Union

• Frequent meetings on upcoming changes in policies and schemes as well as briefings to 

gather feedback

Suppliers and 

Contractors

• Biennial Vendor Day to recognise strategic and high-performing suppliers

• Ad hoc workshops to exchange procurement ideas and procedures



Management addressing shareholders at a Kim Chuan Depot visit co-organised with the Securities Investors Association (Singapore) on 25 June 2015.

G4-26


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   20

Corporate Governance and Ethics

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics

Our Board of Directors is highly engaged in overseeing the 

Company’s affairs. The Group’s corporate governance guidelines 

and practices are regularly reviewed and improved, where 

necessary, to enhance our corporate governance framework and 

maintain its relevancy.

Our corporate governance framework adheres to the guidelines 

of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012. 

Corporate Governance Structure

Various Board Committees, namely the Audit Committee, 

Board Risk Committee, Nominating Committee, Remuneration 

Committee and Executive Committee, have been established to 

assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities. Every Board 

Committee has its own charter which sets out, inter alia, 

each Board Committee’s terms of reference, composition 

and responsibilities.

In March 2016, the Company has also established an additional 

Board Committee, namely the Board Safety Review Committee 

to review all safety frameworks, processes and procedures within 

the organisation. 

Ethics and Integrity

Maintaining a workplace culture with strong ethics and integrity 

is fundamental to good governance. 

We maintain a Code of Conduct that prescribes the acceptable 

and appropriate standards of behaviour expected of all 

employees. These standards are anchored on our core values 

of SMRTnI (Service Excellence, Mastery, Responsibility and 

Respect, Teamwork, Nurture and Integrity), and are meant as a 

guide for employees in their daily business dealings and personal 

conduct. The Code of Conduct is communicated to employees 

through various platforms such as the Company’s intranet and 

orientation programme.

Achieving High Standards

We are committed to maintaining good governance and business integrity in all our business activities. 

Conducting our businesses responsibly is fundamental to our long-term sustainability. 

Remuneration 

Committee

Executive 

Committee

Board Risk  

Committee

Risk  

Management 

Committee

Strategy and Risk  

Management 

Office

Board Safety Review 

Committee

Nominating 

Committee

Audit  

Committee

Internal Audit Division

Business Units via Risk  

Management

BOARD  

OF DIRECTORS

G4-34 ∕ G4-56


21   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Conducting Our Business Ethically 

Whistleblowing Channels and Responding to Fraud

We have clearly defined and well-established whistleblowing 

channels for reporting and investigating any alleged improper 

conduct, including corruption. All new employees are briefed 

on our anti-corruption policies and procedures during the 

Company’s orientation programme. This information is also 

available on the Company’s intranet. 

Any case of suspected corruption will be reported to the relevant 

authorities through our internal audit and legal departments, 

which keep the CEO and Management informed of such incidents. 

No incident of corruption was reported in FY2016. 

Conflict of Interest

We conduct an annual exercise for the Declaration of Conflict 

of Interest and Non-Indebtedness. In this exercise, employees 

are reminded to avoid any conflict between their own interests 

and those of the organisation in dealings with suppliers, 

customers and other third parties, and in the conduct of their 

personal affairs, including dealings in securities of SMRT and our 

affiliated organisations. 

We also identify positions which have significant influence 

on procurement and contractual decisions, involvement in 

financial transactions, and access to sensitive information. 

Employees in these sensitive positions are subject to a maximum 

posting duration of three years, annual declaration on Conflict of 

Interest and Non-Indebtedness, mandatory annual block leave 

of five working days, and Control Self-Assessment interventions 

and insolvency checks prior to filling the position and during the 

review for extension. These checks minimise the risks of collusion 

and corruption. 

Fraud Detection 

As part of the Company’s ongoing fraud detection measures, 

we have stringent internal controls and internal audit procedures 

which allow line management to monitor high-risk processes for 

any fraud or irregularities.

Fair Marketing Communications 

At SMRT, we uphold the highest standards of professional 

values and integrity. We ensure that our employees comply 

with our Code of Conduct while conducting business on behalf 

of the Company. For FY2016, we do not have any reported 

incidents of non-compliance with the Singapore Code of 

Advertising Practice nor were any legal actions filed against us for 

anti-competitive behaviour.

Risk Management

Over the last decade, sustainability trends have gained increasing 

importance to businesses worldwide. Our approach to identifying 

applicable trends for the Company and managing associated 

risks is to evaluate decisions with a view that risk management is 

integral to, and not separate from, the Company’s strategy and 

business activities. 

Many of our key material issues are addressed through our 

Enterprise Risk Management framework.

Our risk management process is based on the ISO 31000:2009 

Risk Management – Principles and Guidelines and enables the 

Group to deal with business uncertainties by identifying key 

risks and implementing the appropriate mitigating plans and 

actions. The diagram below outlines the key steps in our Risk 

Management Process that are used to identify risks and develop 

mitigating actions.

Effective risk assessment provides forward-looking insights and 

greater clarity around the sustainability risks we face. With this 

insight and perspective, we are better positioned to handle risks 

and establish effective and economically practical approaches to 

managing and monitoring the risks that we face. You can learn 

more about risk management in our Annual Report FY2016.

COMMUNICATION AND CONSULTATION

TEST*, MONITOR AND REVIEW

ESTABLISHING  

THE CONTEXT

RISK  

IDENTIFICATION *

RISK  

ANALYSIS *

RISK  

EVALUATION *

DEVELOP  

ACTION PLANS

Define external and 

internal parameters  

to be considered  

when managing risk

Understand the  

causes and sources  

of risk, potential impact 

and likelihood of risk 

occurring

Evaluate the  

risk against 

predetermined  

criteria

Develop action  

plans to mitigate risk

Find, recognise and 

describe a risk

SMRT RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics continued

G4-2 ∕ G4-14 ∕ G4-SO3 ∕ G4-SO4 ∕ G4-SO5 ∕ G4-SO7 ∕ G4-PR7 


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   22

Health and Safety

Our Health and Safety

Our Approach to Managing Health and Safety

Safety System

Our Safety System, which is closely aligned with our core values, 

is a framework developed to systematically and methodically 

manage risks in all work processes. It requires swift investigation 

of the causal factors of any incident, and promotes a culture 

of open reporting and organisational learning. The aim is to 

achieve a safe environment for our employees, customers and 

business partners. 

As part of the System, all employees must adhere to the relevant 

authorised instructions. They are trained in accordance to their 

job requirements and are educated on safety awareness before 

being placed on a job. We have been actively developing a 

safety culture in the workplace so that our staff place safety first.

Safety Structure

We have in place a Safety Structure to demonstrate our 

commitment to occupational health and safety. The governance 

structure also serves to promote safe workplace behaviour within 

the organisation.

A Safety Steering Committee, chaired by our CEO, governs the 

Safety System and drives the safety message across the entire 

Group. This is emphasised at all levels via the Safety Working 

Committee as well as at safety forums held at the respective 

business unit and division levels. Technical Safety Boards in the 

Trains and Roads business units have been formed to govern any 

modifications within our transport system to ensure the design 

integrity of equipment and facilities.

We have also established Workplace Safety and Health 

Committees (WSHC) in accordance with the Workplace Safety 

and Health Act. This is in line with our formal agreement with 

the National Transport Workers’ Union to ensure the health 

and safety of our employees. Members of the WSHC comprise 

Management and employees. 

Additionally, as part of the Singapore Civil Defence Force 

requirements on fire safety, Fire Safety Managers have been 

appointed at required locations including all train and bus 

depots, and MRT stations.

All our employees are represented in formal joint management-

worker health and safety committees that help monitor and 

advise on occupational health and safety issues and programmes.

Health and Safety Training

Training 

and 

education 

about 

health 

and 

safety 

are 

conducted before we place new employees on the job. 

Equipping our employees with the relevant vocational knowledge, 

safety awareness, values systems and leadership skills is essential 

in our pursuit of a professional and safe working environment. 

As part of the Company’s orientation programme, we introduce 

our key safety risks and platforms for incident reporting or safety 

feedback to our new colleagues. We also conduct mandatory 

training on basic transit safety rules and operating procedures 

as well as work and electrical safety for employees from the 

relevant departments.

At present, our training systems are aligned with OHSAS 

18001:2007 and ISO 14001:2004. 

Compliance

Our Safety System is continually reviewed to mitigate against 

systemic safety risks. It is audited by internal and external auditors 

Strengthening Our Health 

and Safety Pillars

The health and safety of our employees and customers are paramount to SMRT. We have a role to play in 

the delivery of a transport service and lifestyle experience that is safe, reliable and customer-centric. We are 

committed to applying a proactive health and safety culture across our businesses.



The SMRT safety system advocates ownership and system discipline, and is an 

integral part of operations.

G4-LA5 ∕ G4-LA8


23   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

to confirm the continual effectiveness of the Safety Management 

System and Environmental Management System in meeting 

OHSAS 18001:2007 and ISO 14001:2004 standards, respectively. 

These certifications, as well as the BizSAFE STAR certificate, 

reflect our ongoing commitment and efforts to reduce risks and 

to make safety an integral part of our business for the benefit of 

our employees, partners and commuters. 

In FY2016, we paid a fine of $120,000 for a safety-related incident 

in 2013. 

Employee Health and Safety 

We invest significant efforts to emphasise the importance of 

health and safety in order to build a sustainable workforce.

Health 

SMRT encourages all staff to lead a healthy lifestyle. We organise 

various programmes and initiatives for our employees’ health 

and well-being. Additionally, all employees are covered under 

the Company’s comprehensive medical and insurance scheme.

In collaboration with Dayspring Medical Group, annual 

complimentary health screenings are organised for our 

employees. In a recent health awareness event targeted at bus 

and train captains, blood pressure monitors were installed in 

our bus depots and train crew rest points to allow employees to 

conduct their own health assessments and proactively take steps 

to ensure that they are fit to perform their duties. 

We have established a strategic partnership with the Health 

Promotion Board and Alexandra Health System to introduce a 

pilot preventive health screening and coaching programme for 

our bus captains under the Healthy Living Master Plan. This is 

also extended to our taxi partners. The pilot programme enables 

them to better understand their health conditions and apply 

positive health practices.

In 2016, we will set up clinics at two work locations to provide 

medical consultation and services for our employees. In-house 

clinics will benefit staff with chronic illnesses as dedicated on-site 

doctors and nurses will be able to guide them to better control 

their illnesses and ensure their well-being.

Safety

As part of our efforts to inculcate a culture of safety mindfulness, 

we have initiatives instilling individual accountability in safety 

matters. On 25 February 2016, close to 1,400 employees 

attended the SMRT Safety, Security and Quality Day 2016. 

The event raised safety, security and quality awareness through 

the sharing of knowledge and experiential learning. We also 

conduct safety, security and quality forums to update staff on 

our achievements and progress, as well as to raise awareness on 

key topics. 

We continually review our safety structures, processes and 

compliance to ensure the well-being and protection of 

our employees.



SMRT employee demonstrating crack detection at the annual SMRT Safety, Security and Quality Day 2016.

Our Health and Safety continued

G4-PR2


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   24

Health and Safety

Performance

In 2015, our accident frequency rate and accident severity rate 

were 1.37 and 42.5 respectively. The rates have generally been 

declining over the years due to greater education, supervision 

and enforcement efforts. We will strive to improve on our 

performance in the coming years as safety is our top priority. 

In March 2016, two trainee employees were hit by an oncoming 

train. This is the first time a fatality involving our staff has 

happened on the North-South and East-West Lines (NSEWL). 

We take full responsibility for the accident and are taking steps 

to strengthen our safety procedures. 

A SMRT Board Safety Review Committee was set up to look into 

all safety-related matters in SMRT Trains. The committee will 

comprehensively review all frameworks, structures, processes 

and procedures, and seek assurance that safety is accorded 

the highest attention and priority in our train operations and 

maintenance services. The committee will be chaired by an SMRT 

Board Member and include independent members.

We recognise the need to improve communication about safety 

procedures across our business units, and aim to mitigate 

serious and reportable incidents. In the coming years, we seek 

to enhance the emphasis on safety procedures as we strive for 

zero fatalities. 

Customer Health and Safety

SMRT takes a serious view on any potential risk to the health and 

safety of our customers. We regularly monitor and review our 

health and safety procedures to assess their impact and improve 

on them.

We stepped up efforts to increase safety awareness amongst 

commuters travelling within our network. We have an educational 

outreach programme to highlight to participants the safety 

features in our network. In 2014, we embarked on a network-

wide escalator safety campaign. We also play escalator safety 

announcements frequently to remind commuters to hold on to 

the handrails when travelling on the escalators.

Performance 

The majority of commuter injuries were due to escalator-related 

incidents. During the last year, there were zero fatalities among 

our commuters.

1. 

Data is in Calendar Year (CY) in accordance with Ministry of Manpower 

(MOM) regulation.

2. 

CY2014 data excludes cases classified as “Outlier” and those under 

the new MOM regulation. CY2015 data excludes cases classified as 

“Uncontrollable”, “Outlier”, “Others” and those under the new 

MOM regulation.

3. 

Injuries due to equipment malfunction.

CY2012

CY2011

CY2013

CY2014

CY2015

2.68

2.12

1.77

2.22

1.37

Employee Accident Frequency Rate1, 2

CY2012

CY2011

CY2013

CY2014

CY2015

Employee Accident Severity Rate1, 2

61.0

58.7

46.2

85.5

42.5

CY2012

CY2011

CY2013

CY2014

CY2015

Number of Commuter Injuries1, 3

23

36

18

16

23

G4-LA6 ∕ G4-PR1


25   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Environment 

Public transport presents an environmentally friendly option 

for commuters. As an organisation, we set out to crystallise 

this further. 

In 2008, we officially launched “SMRT is Green”, a Company-

wide initiative to reaffirm our commitment to environmentally 

sustainable practices. This led us to adopt green practices such 

as a green fleet renewal strategy in our operations that is strongly 

supported and aligned with our Environment Policy. 

We also have in place our Green Code of Conduct that outlines 

the expectation of our employees and business partners to 

demonstrate commitment in complying with environmental 

regulations as well as our Environment Policy. 

 



Environmental Sustainability Committee

Over the last few years, we have been implementing and 

reviewing our environmental programmes and initiatives across 

our business. We intend to regularly revise these to reflect 

changes in our internal expectations and the expectations our 

stakeholders have of us.

In a move to further strengthen our environmental commitment, 

we have established a strong environmental governance 

structure. In 2015, we set up an Environmental Sustainability 

Committee (ESC) to oversee overall environmental sustainability 

efforts in the organisation. The committee, led by Vincent Tan 

(Senior Vice President, Corporate Services and Rail Operations), 

comprises representatives from across the organisation. The ESC 

is our strategic commitment to sustainable development and 

encapsulates the four pillars of Energy, Water, Waste management 

and the overall Green efforts within the organisation.

Green  

Committee

Water 

Management

Waste 

Management

Energy  

Management

ENVIRONMENTAL 

SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITTEE

The ESC’s focus is to engender a culture of environmental 

sustainability across SMRT.

The Energy, Water and Waste sub-committees review and 

incorporate environmentally sustainable measures into all 

aspects of operational and maintenance activities occurring 

in the network. They spearhead environmental efforts in our 

premises, promote efficient use of resources and fulfil all relevant 

legislative requirements.

Protecting Our Environment 

As a leading transport company, SMRT is committed to becoming an industry leader in environmental 

stewardship. We recognise there are limited resources available for use, and the need to operate within these 

limits. This has led us to set sustainability goals and push for improvements. 


Climate 

Change

Compliance

Energy 

Management

Sustainable 

Resource  

Use

Noise 

Management

Waste 

Management

Water 

Management

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   26

Environment

The Green Committee collaborates with the Energy, Water 

and Waste committees to conceive and implement initiatives 

to promote environmentally sustainable practices. Internally, 

this is done through education and awareness programmes. 

Externally, the Green Committee reaches out to business 

partners, customers and the relevant authorities to promote 

green practices and explore possible collaborations as part of 

our sustainability initiatives.

The ESC targets to reduce energy consumption by 10% over five 

years from 2013, and water and waste consumption by 6% over 

three years from 2015.

Over the next few years, we aim to increase the robustness of 

our environmental sustainability governance, while ensuring 

operational excellence. 

Our Key Environmental Issues

Through our materiality assessment, we identified the following 

seven areas to be material to us.

Climate Change

We are committed to addressing our impact on the environment.

As a public transport provider, we enable a significant reduction 

in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by providing commuters 

with public transport options. It is our responsibility and priority 

to mitigate the effects of climate change. We achieve this by 

managing our carbon emissions. 

Our trains, buses and taxis consume energy. As such, we seek to 

limit our footprint where economically and technically feasible. 

Green Transport

We are always on the lookout for solutions, initiatives and 

technologies to ensure our fleet of vehicles minimises its impact 

on the environment.

Trains

Our trains employ regenerative braking. As the electric motors 

slow the train down, electricity is simultaneously generated 

and returned to the power distribution system via the Third 

Rail. This, in turn, powers other trains within the network. 

Regenerative braking recovers wasted energy and converts it 

for use.

We equipped two trains with the Permanent Magnet Synchronous 

Motor (PMSM)-based propulsion systems as part of our ongoing 

train fleet refurbishment. The PMSM-based propulsion systems 

consistently achieve close to 40% energy savings when compared 

to the existing system.

We have also programmed to switch off the air conditioning and 

lighting in our trains that are withdrawn from service and deploy 

more energy-efficient trains during off-peak hours in an effort to 

reduce our carbon footprint.

Trains employ regenerative braking to achieve savings on traction 

energy consumption.



G4-EN7


27   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Environment continued

Buses

To promote better air quality, SMRT became the first public 

transport operator in Singapore to introduce Euro V-compliant 

buses to our fleet in 2008. More than 1,000 Euro V-compliant 

buses now ply the roads. Euro V-compliant vehicles produce less 

harmful emissions and make for a greener journey. 

We have also equipped our buses with telematics technology 

which encourages eco-driving through tracking and analysis of 

driving parameters such as the speed of the bus and how the 

bus negotiates a corner. This initiative encourages safer and 

fuel-efficient driving practices. 

Taxis

Since 2013, SMRT has introduced more than 1,500 Toyota Prius 

Hybrid taxis which have excellent fuel efficiency and cleaner 

emissions. They produce less carbon dioxide emissions and 

are extremely fuel-efficient due to the intelligent design of the 

electric motor and petrol powered engine. To date, the Hybrid 

taxis comprise over 40% of our entire fleet.

Automated Vehicles

In a collaboration with technology provider 2 Getthere, 

we have been operating the Personal Rapid Transit 

system in Masdar City, Abu Dhabi, since 2010. 

The system provides passengers with an on-demand 

transport service featuring individual, driverless and 

autonomous electric pod cars.

With an energy consumption of only 0.087kWh per 

passenger kilometre, the system is a considerable 

improvement over conventional transit. In addition, 

emissions such as carbon dioxide are prevented. 

Pledging our Commitment

In commemoration of Earth Day 2015, the Green 

Committee launched a ‘Pledge and Be Spotted 

Going Car/Emission-Free’ campaign. The objective 

was to raise awareness for environmental protection 

and reduce our carbon footprint. Staff were 

encouraged to adopt car-free or emission-free 

modes of travel during that month and over 1,000 

staff pledged their support.

National Sustainability Targets

The deployment of green vehicles reflects our 

ambition to embed sustainable practices in our 

operations. This ties in strongly with the Sustainable 

Singapore Blueprint 2015 that promotes the use of 

green transport. Additionally, as a public transport 

operator, we play a critical role in the ambitious 

Blueprint plans to prepare the nation for a ‘car-lite’ 

society.

We also support the regulator’s commitment in 

building a sustainable land transport system in 

Singapore. The Land Transport Authority (LTA) is 

targeting to achieve a 75% public transport modal 

share during both the morning and evening peak 

hours by 2030, and we will play a pivotal role 

in achieving this target as a transport provider 

and operator. 

We believe in resource conservation, reducing our 

energy use and enhancing the living environment of 

the people who use our services. 

Environmentally friendly buses contribute to better air quality.



Hybrid taxis offer passengers smoother rides that are clean and green. 




SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   28

Environment

Performance 

Our energy consumption and GHG emissions have been 

increasing over the years due to the increase in the number of 

vehicle trips to better meet the needs of commuters.

In FY2016, our total energy consumption, which includes 

electricity consumption from our trains and diesel consumption 

from our buses, was 1,253,995,912kWh. We have not included 

the fuel used in our taxis as the vehicles are independently 

operated by our taxi partners. 

Energy Management

At SMRT, we employ suitable technology and processes for 

optimal energy conservation. 

We regularly track our energy usage across our transport 

network, offices and depot as part of our energy management 

initiatives. In accordance with the Energy Conservation Act, we 

have appointed energy managers in SMRT. Energy managers 

are also members of the Energy Committee. Energy managers 

actively monitor and track our energy consumption as well as 

GHG emissions.

Energy Reduction Initiatives

The Energy Committee has targeted to reduce energy 

consumption by 10% over five years from 2013. Since then, a 

series of energy saving initiatives – both technical and operational 

– have been rolled out and are outlined below. 

• 

Employing district cooling at Raffles Place MRT station, 

which uses cooled water to cool the air, thereby reducing the 

consumption of electricity 

• 

Replacing chillers in City Hall MRT station with newer models 

with optimised capacity to achieve higher energy efficiency

• 

Replacing plasma screens in our stations to Liquid Crystal 

Display (LCD) or Light Emitting Diode (LED) screens

• 

Switching off the Rail Travel Information System screens in 

our stations during non-revenue hours

• 

Programming High Volume Low Speed fans at selected 

elevated stations to be switched off one to two hours before 

the end of revenue service

• 

Installing motion-sensor lights in washrooms at selected 

depots

• 

Putting up energy conservation messages in our commercial 

spaces

Our energy-efficient vehicles and energy management initiatives 

of our vehicles also contribute to the reduction in energy 

consumption. These are covered in the Green Transport section.

We have plans to install highly energy-efficient LED lighting 

system at selected stations that can potentially lower energy 

consumption by 50%. 

Total Energy Consumption (kWh)

Fuel Consumption1

Electricity Consumption

514,334,860

508,966,836

612,441,383

535,673,689

629,079,106

 560,662,370

652,622,407

601,373,505

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

 252,641 

131,059

 275,537 

138,860

 271,888 

145,427

 282,063 

 154,878 

Total GHG Emissions2 (tonnes of CO2e) 

Scope 1

Scope 2

1. 

Fuel conversion factor was based on Carbon Disclosure Project 2014.

2. 

The GHG Protocol defines scope 1 as direct GHG emissions from 

operations that are owned or controlled by the organisation and scope 2 

as the indirect GHG emissions that result from the generation of 

purchased or acquired electricity, heating, cooling and steam consumed 

within the organisation.

 

 Electricity grid emission factors were based on Singapore Energy 

Statistics 2015 and fuel conversion was based on Defra conversion 

factors 2012-2015.

Renewable Power

As a pilot project, we are exploring to install a 

1MWp solar photovoltaic (PV) system on the rooftop 

of Bishan Depot. Promising a renewable and cleaner 

energy source, the solar PV system generates about 

0.2% of the total electricity consumption on the 

North-South and East-West Lines. Should the trial 

prove successful, we may install the solar PV across 

our network.

G4-EN3 ∕ G4-EN6 ∕ G4-EN15 ∕ G4-EN16 ∕ G4-EN19 ∕ G4-EN27


29   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Water Reduction Initiatives

Our train and bus washing plants have a recycling feature that 

minimises the use of water. The water used for the final rinse of 

the vehicles is collected in recycling tanks for pre-washing the 

next train or bus.

As part of Singapore World Water Day in March 2016, we 

collaborated with PUB to have water conservation decals at 

station restrooms. Additionally, stickers were distributed to over 

700 shops in our network.

Performance

Our total water usage in FY2016 was 1,253,404m3. There was a 

reduction of 5,387m3 over the previous year. 

We aim to reduce and recycle the amount of water we use.

Waste Management

Our waste management includes the collection, transport, 

processing, recycling and disposal of waste materials. With an 

emphasis on prevention, reuse and recycling, we aim to reduce 

the amount of waste we generate.

Toxic industrial waste such as waste oil, oil-stained gloves and 

rags are recycled, incinerated or landfilled, while metal parts are 

reused. Toxic waste generated from our operations is disposed 

by a National Environment Agency-approved toxic waste 

removal company. 

Non-hazardous general waste is incinerated or landfilled in line 

with the regulatory requirements in Singapore. 

Our Environment continued



Train washing plant includes a water recycling system.

FY2015

FY2016

 1,258,791 

1,253,404

Total Water Consumption (m3)

Water Management 

The sustainable and responsible use of our water resources is a 

key issue globally. We are aware that water shortages, excessive 

demand and usage could pose a serious problem.

Issues like climate change will likely worsen the situation. 

We believe we play an important role in conserving and recycling 

this precious resource.

As a forward-looking organisation with extensive island-wide 

operations, conserving our precious water resource is an 

important goal for us. Hence, water is a key material issue. 

At SMRT, water is sourced from the mains supply provided 

by PUB. 

G4-EN8 ∕ G4-EN9


6

5

2

1

(Most Preferred Option)

4

Prevention

Reduction

Reuse

Recycling

Energy Recovery

Disposal

3

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   30

Environment

Performance

We have reduced the amount of waste disposed over the past 

year. The total amount of hazardous and non-hazardous waste 

disposed fell from 469,774 tonnes in FY2015 to 391,481 tonnes 

in FY2016.

Noise Management

We are continually improving and implementing checks to 

mitigate the effects of noise on the community.

We conduct regular surveillance on noise levels to ensure we 

keep them to a minimum. We have noise monitoring systems 

to measure the noise generated by trains at selected locations 

close to major housing estates and residential areas. The results 

of this monitoring help us identify locations where the noise 

levels are close to the guidelines. We prioritise preventive 

maintenance works at these locations to ensure these guidelines 

are not breached. 

In FY2016, we addressed 303 feedback on noise generated by 

our train and bus operations. We follow up on every feedback 

in accordance with our internal procedures. The majority of the 

feedback received was about track maintenance and sleeper 

replacement works.

Waste Reduction Initiatives

In 2014, we implemented an electronic approval system, 

EchoSign, to minimise the need for physical documents. We also 

recently switched to printers with a function that allows us to 

select documents to print while deleting those that are no longer 

required. This reduced the waste generated. 

Waste Water Treatment

Our train and bus washing plants are equipped with water 

treatment systems for treating the waste water from washings. 

Before waste water may be discharged, oil and sand particles are 

filtered out, the pH level of the water is neutralised, and harmful 

metal-based pollutants are removed. 

Managing Spills

To address spills in the workplace, we have spill containment 

kits in place. Regular workplace inspections are also conducted 

to identify any potential spills or areas of concern within 

the workplace.

No significant spills were recorded in FY2016. 

Waste hierarchy structure in managing waste.

Hazardous Waste Disposed

by Disposal Method (tonnes)

Reuse

Recycled

Incineration

Landﬁll

 430,020 

 9,615 

 8,013 

 358,350 

21

18

119

100

FY2016

FY2015

Hazardous Waste

Non-hazardous Waste

FY2015

FY2016

439,774

30,000

366,481

25,000

Waste Disposed (tonnes)

G4-EN23 ∕ G4-EN24 ∕ G4-SO11


31   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Noise Reduction Initiatives

With the completion of sleeper replacement works on the 

North-South Line in April 2015, we are currently in the process 

of replacing the 92,000 timber sleepers on the East-West Line, 

which were installed in the 1980s, with concrete ones. We take 

proactive measures to control the noise level from the works by 

installing sound barriers and protection gauzes around sound-

emitting devices like generators. Noise monitoring systems have 

also been installed to help us monitor and control noise levels as 

we work.

PMSM-based propulsion systems produce less noise.



In addition to reducing power consumption by close to 40%, the 

PMSM-based propulsion systems used in our trains is quieter by 

up to 12 decibels.

Another contributor of track noise is uneven track surface. We use 

a Rail Grinding Vehicle to grind track surfaces for smoother 

and less noisy train operations. To do this more efficiently, we 

have invested in a high-tech automatic track inspection system 

called Rail Vision that allows for continual monitoring of track 

conditions, even during train operating hours.

Preventative maintenance, such as wheel profiling where we 

grind the wheels to maintain an even roundness for each wheel, 

is also essential to allow the trains to travel smoothly with less 

noise. Our train wheels are mounted with sound absorbers. 

We will continue to implement initiatives that make our operations 

and maintenance work less disruptive for the community. 

Sustainable Resource Use

We strive to use our resources wisely, and make timely 

investments in technology and systems that allow us to manage 

and reuse waste, water, energy and other resources whenever 

possible. This not only leads to operational improvements, but 

also helps us become a more sustainable organisation. 

To demonstrate our commitment, we manage and ensure 

sustainable use of these resources through green certifications.

Our headquarters is Project: Eco-Office certified. This certification 

recognises our efforts in promoting environmentally friendly 

work habits. We are currently looking to certify our depots as 

Eco-Offices.

Woodlands and Ang Mo Kio MRT stations were awarded the 

Building and Construction Authority (BCA) Green Mark (Gold) 

Award in 2013 and 2014 respectively. These eco-stations have 

improved air ventilation, water-efficient washrooms as well as 

recycling facilities. 

Additionally, our retail tenants at Woodlands and Ang Mo Kio 

Xchanges are Project: Eco-Shop certified. Project: Eco-Shop is 

our collaboration with the Singapore Environment Council (SEC), 

and is Singapore’s first national eco-certification programme for 

shop owners. It guides and encourages shop owners to adopt 

eco-friendly habits and implement green practices in their daily 

operations. For instance, tenants at these Xchanges use Compact 

Fluorescent Lightbulbs that last longer and require less energy. 

We will continue to work with SEC to promote this programme 

to our other tenants in the retail network, as well as reach out to 

other shop owners in Singapore.

Compliance

The management of environmental issues is guided by our 

Company-wide Health, Safety &amp; Environmental Management 

System manual. It sets out clear guidelines for each of 

our significant environmental issues and our management 

approaches. Our approach is to firstly avoid negative impacts 

wherever we can, and secondly to mitigate any impact that is 

unavoidable. In line with ISO 14001:2004, any incidents relating 

to safety, health and environmental sustainability are reported to 

the SMRT Inspectorate department and relevant Management 

as soon as possible.

Our procedures are audited annually by internal and external 

auditors to confirm the continual effectiveness of our processes 

in meeting the OHSAS 18001:2007 and ISO 14001:2004 

standards, respectively. 

SMRT is committed to full compliance with all applicable 

environmental legal requirements enforced by local governing 

authorities in Singapore and the overseas markets in which 

we operate. Our internal teams ensure that all our business 

operations comply with existing regulatory requirements through 

constant monitoring and audits. 

We have not committed any non-compliance with environmental 

regulations that resulted in fines or sanctions in the last year. 

Our Environment continued

G4-EN29


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   32

Customers

Our Customers

We believe in delivering a positive customer experience by 

providing safe and reliable services, fostering a service excellence 

mindset, improving customer touchpoints, acting responsively, 

and communicating effectively. 

Providing Outstanding Customer Service

We drive and sustain the Company-wide service excellence 

efforts to bring about exceptional customer experiences.

Inculcating a Culture of Service Excellence

We partnered with NTUC Learning Hub and Disney Institute 

to create a Service Excellence framework which anchors all our 

employees towards a common purpose and service standard. 

The result of this partnership was a specially tailored Workforce 

Skills Qualification service training modules that our employees 

are scheduled to complete. Close to 8,000 SMRT employees 

have completed their training.

We have identified 120 Service Excellence Leader Ambassadors 

(LA) from across all business units. They act as change agents 

who inspire employees to provide excellent service. They have 

undergone training workshops, participated in check-in sessions 

and have been recognised for their contributions. Over the 

past year, the LAs had recognised over 400 colleagues who 

went the extra mile for commuters. We will continue to refine 

the LA programme to make it more relevant to inculcate service 

excellence within the organisation.

Our inaugural Customer Experience Innovation (CXI) Conference 

held on 21 January 2016 marked a significant milestone in 

our efforts to raise the level of customer experience through 

innovative means. Almost 500 SMRT employees as well as senior 

members of the Public Transport Council, LTA, e2i (Employment 

and Employability Institute), SPRING Singapore and local 

transport industry experts attended the CXI Conference. 

The event saw thought leaders in service excellence from 

various industries come together to share methods of increasing 

customer engagement and satisfaction. We also showcased the 

upcoming SMRT Active Route Map Information System (STARiS) 

2.0 which enhances the travel experience for commuters travelling 

on NSEWL trains. It displays detailed station information to help 

commuters navigate through the station to the street level upon 

arrival, and points out landmarks in the vicinity of the station. 

The STARiS 2.0 system will be available on new NSEWL trains 

that are expected to come into service in 2016. 

Delivering an Unparalleled 

Customer Experience

Every day, we make more than three million passenger journeys possible on our trains and buses. Each and 

every journey is important to us, and we are committed to providing our passengers with the highest level of 

service. 



STARiS 2.0 will enhance the travel experience for commuters travelling on NSEWL trains.


33   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Customers continued

Recognising Excellent Service

At SMRT, we celebrate and recognise employees who go the 

extra mile to deliver good service with our quarterly SMRTnI 

Service Excellence Campaign. Employees who display exemplary 

customer service are also presented with the CEO Service 

Excellence Awards. Between April 2015 and March 2016, over 

400 employees were lauded for their excellent service through 

this campaign.

At the national level, over 1,200 SMRT employees were 

recognised for their stellar customer service at the Excellent 

Service Awards (EXSA), National Kindness-Transport Gold 

Awards (TGA) and Singapore Experience Awards.

Apart from our employees, our taxi partners’ ability to deliver 

exemplary service to taxi passengers is also a key pillar of our 

business proposition. EXSA and TGA recognised 173 and six of 

our taxi partners respectively for demonstrating excellent service 

and going the extra mile.

Customer Touchpoints

SMRT continues to enhance the commuter experience and 

touchpoints through the introduction and expansion of service 

initiatives in our network.

In the virtual space, our social media presence provides timely 

information to commuters through our Facebook and Twitter 

accounts. We also enhanced our mobile application, SMRT 

CONNECT, to provide robust service-related information.

Trains

At our train stations, we piloted a double queue system aimed 

at improving the flow of commuters boarding and alighting 

from trains. We also introduced new LED display panels at 

platforms across the train network. The LED display panels allow 

better presentation of the arrival time and destination of the 

approaching train. Aside from these, we have launched initiatives 

such as mobile charging points for passengers requiring a quick 

charge of their devices and a technical defect reporting channel 

called SNAP-REP (Snap and Report) which allows passengers to 

give quick comments and share pictures via WhatsApp. 

Buses

Our bus commuters now enjoy high-tech and customer-

centric features at the Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange, Yishun 

Temporary Bus Interchange and Woodlands Temporary Bus 

Interchange. These interchanges are equipped with interactive 

panels that provide next and subsequent bus departure times, 

route information, fares, maps, a journey planner and a feedback 

form. Real-time bus departure times are also available through 

the information panel installed at the queue berths.

Taxis

One hundred SMRT taxis have each been fitted with an Automatic 

External Defibrillator (AED) device to improve response time in 

the event of cardiac emergencies. “AED on Wheels” is a three-

year pilot programme to increase the availability of AEDs through 

public transport. Our taxi partners are certified by the Singapore 

Heart Foundation after undergoing a four-hour course where 

they learnt how to use the AED and CPR techniques.

We also enhanced our Mobile Data Terminals in July 2015 to 

improve the overall booking experience for passengers. One of 

the new features enables our taxi partners to identify passengers 

who have made prior bookings with us. 



The enhanced SMRT CONNECT mobile application provides robust service-related information.


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   34

Customers

Service Enhancements 

Trains

New trains are being added progressively to the NSEWL and 

Circle Line (CCL) as well as the Bukit Panjang Light Rail Transit 

(BPLRT) to increase the overall passenger capacity. In FY2016, 

24 new trains and 19 new train-cars were introduced on the CCL 

and BPLRT respectively. In FY2017, 45 new trains will be added 

to the current fleet for the NSEWL. The larger train fleet on the 

NSEWL will also allow older trains to be removed from service to 

undergo critical maintenance and a signalling system upgrade.

The re-signalling works are progressing well and expected to be 

completed on the North-South Line in 2016 and on the East-

West Line in 2018. When fully operational, the new signalling 

system will allow trains on the NSEWL to be spaced 100 seconds 

apart, from the current 120 seconds. This will shorten the wait 

for trains and ease congestion at platforms during peak periods.

For faster and more comfortable rides, we intensified the 

replacement of wooden sleepers with concrete ones and 

completed replacing all the sleepers on the North-South 

Line in April 2015, ahead of schedule. Work on the East-

West Line commenced in November 2015 and we have made 

steady progress.

On the NSEWL, we are also replacing about 200km of Third Rail, 

which powers the trains, to better cope with more trains and the 

new systems on which they run. The works are expected to be 

completed in 2017.

Concurrent with this effort, we began the upgrading of our 

power substations in early 2015. We have also been in discussion 

with the authorities to improve the overall design of the NSEWL’s 

power network in view of the new signalling system and increased 

loading as a result of more trains running.

In our effort to provide safer and more reliable journeys, we have 

also embarked on progressive upgrades of our first and second 

generation train fleets, which have been in service for more than 

20 years. The upgrading programme of our second generation 

fleet of 19 Siemens C651 trains by Singapore Rail Engineering 

has commenced and is expected to be completed in 2018. 

The upgraded Siemens C651 trains will have new or refurbished 

train sub-systems, such as air-conditioning, electrical doors, 

brakes and more efficient propulsion systems.

Buses

Four new services – 301, 805, 983 and 979 – were added to 

better connect residents in the western and northern parts of 

Singapore, bringing our total number of services to 106.

In the past year, we have grown our fleet. Since May 2015, we 

have progressively added 190 buses to our existing fleet of 

over 1,400 buses. Delivery of these buses will be completed by 

end 2016.

SMRT continues to increase capacity and service through the Bus 

Service Enhancement Programme (BSEP). BSEP, which was first 

announced in 2012, introduces more buses to both existing and 

new routes to enhance service connectivity.

Taxis

We make every effort to enhance service availability and 

environmental sustainability. Our commitment to fleet renewal 

saw the addition of new Toyota Prius Hybrids to what is already 

Singapore’s largest Hybrid taxi fleet.

Accessibility

As a public transport operator, accessibility is one of our 

top priorities. 

We currently offer travel concessions on our trains and buses 

to help selected commuter groups, such as senior citizens and 

persons with disabilities, with transport costs. These concessions 

are funded by the Government and we are reimbursed the 

difference between the concession fare charged and the full 

adult fare.

Trains

At our train stations, we have established Care Zones for 

commuters with special needs. These zones allow commuters 

quick access to Emergency Phones to contact station staff for 

immediate assistance. We also have priority stickers to identify 

passengers with needs who would appreciate a seat. Tactile paths 

for the visually handicapped have also been installed to provide a 

smoother journey for them.

Buses

At the newly opened Woodlands Temporary Bus Interchange, 

a free buggy service is available for commuters who may have 

difficulty walking and require assistance to get to the bus berths 

at the extreme ends of the interchange. Pedestrian ramps linking 

the interchange to Woodlands MRT station were built to improve 



Selected MRT stations have designated Care Zones at train platforms.


35   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Customers continued



accessibility for commuters in wheelchairs. A Tactile Guidance 

System, which includes Braille guidance on handrails, helps the 

visually impaired locate waiting areas. 

We introduced more Wheelchair Accessible Bus (WAB) service 

routes in FY2016, bringing our current total to 59 routes. 

Currently, 80% of our buses are wheelchair accessible, and this 

is in line with the Transport Masterplan target for all buses to be 

wheelchair accessible by 2020. 

Taxis

SMRT’s fleet of 30 London taxis provides ample space for 

high-backed and motorised wheelchairs. Our London taxi drivers 

have undergone on-the-job training to serve passengers with 

special needs.

Incident Management

We acknowledge the importance of a safe, reliable and 

customer-centric travelling experience. Our Business Continuity 

Management system ensures that we deliver on our obligations 

and promises to our customers to address uncertainties that may 

impact on our operations. 

We have developed a suite of business continuity and response 

plans covering various scenarios, such as rail disruption, bus 

incident, flu pandemic and severe haze. These plans ensure that 

we are ready to respond when the need arises.

We conduct internal exercises on a regular basis to identify 

gaps and shortfalls within these plans and procedures, and to 

strengthen our employees’ knowledge and competency in 

responding to incidents. These exercises range from component 

drills to table top exercises and ground deployment exercises. 

Ensuring Security

We are mindful that transit systems are vulnerable to threats and 

the security of all passengers travelling in our transport network 

is important to us. We have in place measures such as CCTV 

surveillance, fence intrusion detection system and access control 

protocols at our premises to protect our customers. 

Customer Data Privacy 

SMRT protects the privacy and confidentiality of our customers’ 

information. We safeguard customer information with stringent 

internal policies and do not divulge any such personal information 

to third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. 

We conform to Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act which 

protects customers’ personal data and privacy. In FY2016, we 

had no substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer 

privacy and loss of customer data. 

Our Performance

Customer Satisfaction

The latest Public Transport Customer Satisfaction Survey indicates 

an overall increase in satisfaction levels with Singapore’s public 

transport services. The Customer Satisfaction Index Singapore 

and Nielsen Customer Satisfaction Survey results also mirrored 

improvements in SMRT’s transport services.

The results of these surveys help us understand commuter 

expectations and needs.

WAB services cater to the needs of mobility-impaired commuters.

G4-PR5 ∕ G4-PR8 


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   36

Customers

Meeting Operational Standards

In FY2016, our Train Service Availability was above the national 

target of 98% across our rail network. We maintained train service 

availability at 99.85% for the NSEWL and 99.98% for the CCL, 

compared to the national target of 98%. The BPLRT performed 

well at 99.88% service availability, against the national target of 

99.5%.

For our buses and taxis, we have consistently met the Quality of 

Service standards.

In FY2016, the LTA intends to impose a financial penalty of 

$5.4 million for the system-wide disruption on the NSEWL that 

occurred on 7 July 2015.

The Road Ahead

In the coming year, we are committed to providing the best for 

our customers and will continue to innovate and improve their 

travel experience. 

We hope to achieve more recognition for our efforts through 

national, regional and international accolades. 

We will also measure the progress of our initiatives and efforts 

through surveys, and benchmark ourselves against various 

national and international customer satisfaction indices. 

Public Transport Customer 

Satisfaction Survey

MRT

Bus

92.8%

90.2%

93.2%

90.7%

2014

2015

Nielsen Customer 

Satisfaction Survey

2014

2015

85%

88%

80%

78%

86%

83%

SMRT Trains

SMRT Buses

SMRT Taxis

Customer Satisfaction

Index Singapore

SMRT Trains

SMRT Buses

SMRT Taxis

57.7

60.4

63.5

59.6

66.2

61.5

2014

2015

Benchmarking our Performance

Trains

SMRT is an active member of the international 

benchmarking group, Community of Metros (CoMET) 

and Nova, comprising leading global metros. 

CoMET and Nova provide a platform for metros 

to learn best practices from each other, compare 

performance and exchange ideas. SMRT was ranked 

the most manpower-efficient network.

Buses

As a member of the International Bus Benchmarking 

Group since 2009, we have consistently performed 

well among our counterparts. Our performance is on 

a par with the leading bus operators in the areas of 

punctuality and safety of commuters, with a record 

of one of the fewest accident fatalities. 

Our operating cost per vehicle kilometre is also 

among the lowest in the group.

G4-PR9


37   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our People

Health and Safety 

We provide a safe work environment for our employees and 

actively promote awareness on workplace health and safety. 

More information on this topic can be found in our Health and 

Safety section. 

Employee Rights

SMRT upholds and respects all employees’ fundamental rights 

to freedom of association and trade union membership. This is 

in accordance with the Industrial Relations Act that allows trade 

unions to represent employees for collective bargaining and to 

provide employees with an avenue to seek redress for disputes 

or grievances as and when they arise. 

SMRT places great emphasis on Labour Relations with the National 

Transport Workers’ Union (NTWU). A Collective Agreement is 

in place and renegotiated every three years. All non-executive 

employees are actively encouraged to exercise their right to join 

the NTWU, and the Company supports this process by facilitating 

recruitment roadshows. As a result, union membership is high at 

80%. Union members are entitled to submit claims on their union 

membership fees and are provided a hassle-free process of paying 

their union dues through direct deductions from their monthly 

salaries. Through their participation in the union, employees are 

educated on their rights, as well as platforms available to surface 

their grievances such as workplace disputes or appeals against 

termination of contracts, if any. A dispute resolution process is 

codified in the Collective Agreement to ensure that disputes are 

promptly addressed.

Taking Care of Our Employees

We recognise that our employees are vital to achieving our sustainability and growth goals. Workforce 

health, one of our 5 strategic thrusts, is achieved through a professional and engaged workforce. We 

believe in nurturing our people to develop their skills and knowledge to remain relevant in a constantly 

changing environment. 

Living a Balanced and Healthy Lifestyle

Officially launched on 11 September 1993, the SMRT 

Corporation Sports and Recreation Club (SCRC) has been a 

key custodian in encouraging engagement and interaction 

for our employees as well as their families and friends. 

Sports, social and recreational activities are frequently 

organised to cater to the interests of everyone. 

SCRC also provides support for like-minded members to 

form common interest groups.

Key activities during FY2016 included the 6th annual 

MySMRT Run in January involving 720 employees across 

the recreational and competitive categories, and a trip to 

‘The Future Of Us’ exhibition which saw our employees 

and their family members enjoying the evening together 

to learn more about Singapore’s journey into the future. 

SCRC remains committed to engaging its members and 

managing the Club as a place where employees can come 

together to enjoy and build strong, resilient relationships 

with each other.

MySMRT Run is one of many activities organised by SCRC, 

aimed at engaging staff through sports.



G4-11 ∕ G4-16 ∕ G4-HR4


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   38

People

In recognition of our excellent labour relations, NTUC awarded 

SMRT the Plaque of Commendation (Gold) and May Day 

Model Partnership Award (Management Category) in 2015. 

These awards are a testament to the strong relationship built with 

the Labour Movement and our contributions towards improving 

the welfare and employability of our workers.

At SMRT, we also manage and protect our employees’ 

personal data in accordance with the Singapore Personal Data 

Protection Act.

Diversity, Equal Opportunity and 

Fair Employment

SMRT advocates fair and merit-based employment for each and 

every individual who works for us. We adopt the following equal 

opportunity principles in our Human Resource (HR) practices: 

• 

Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit (such 

as skills, experience or ability to perform the job), without 

regard to factors such as age, race, gender, religion, marital 

status or disability.

• 

Provide employees with fair access to training and 

development based on their strengths and job functions. 

• 

Reward employees fairly based on their ability, performance, 

contribution and experience.

At SMRT, we abide by Singapore’s human rights and labour 

standard frameworks. We also signed the Employers’ Pledge 

of Fair Employment Practices by the Tripartite Alliance for 

Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices. We recognise our 

diverse workforce and commit to ensuring an equal opportunity 

workplace free from discrimination and harassment. Our policies 

in recruiting, developing, promoting and retaining employees 

are based on each individual’s merit, regardless of their age, 

gender, race, religion or nationality. All employees in SMRT 

receive regular performance and career development reviews, 

irrespective of gender or employment category. 

In FY2016, one complaint about discriminatory behaviour was 

filed against the Company. This claim was investigated by the 

Ministry of Manpower and was found to be unsubstantiated.

Workforce Distribution by Gender 

85%

15%

Female

Male

Senior 

Management

Executive

Non-

executive

83%

1.1%

11.3%

87.6%

17%

29%

71%

14%

86%

Workforce Distribution by

Employee Category and Gender

Female

Male

Full-time

Part-time

29%

71%

13%

87%

Workforce Distribution of Permanent

Employees by Employment Type and Gender 

Female

Male

99.9%

0.1%

Permanent

Contract

27%

73%

13%

87%

Workforce Distribution by

Employment Contract and Gender

Female

Male

84.6%

15.4%

G4-10 ∕ G4-LA11 ∕ G4-LA12 ∕ G4-LA13 ∕ G4-LA16 ∕ G4-HR3


39   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our People continued

Taking Care of an Ageing Workforce

As our headcount grows to meet heightening capacity and 

maintenance needs, we continue to shape a lean and productive 

workforce with a sustainable age and nationality profile. To retain 

fit and skilled experienced employees, we extended the re-

employment age to 67 years old, ahead of the change in the 

national statutory mandate. Complementary Age Management 

and Workforce Health taskforces have been commissioned 

to address the needs of our fast-maturing workforce 

and strengthen employees’ physical and mental health. 

Recommendations from these taskforces include greater 

automation, better illumination, improved ergonomics, job 

redesign, flexible work  arrangements,  enhanced healthcare 

provisions and health-and-wellness programmes.

Benefits and Welfare 

The Central Provident Fund (CPF) Scheme is a comprehensive 

social security savings plan which aims to provide working 

Singaporeans and Permanent Residents with a measure of 

financial security for their retirement years. 

As per the legal requirements, SMRT makes contributions directly 

to our employees’ CPF accounts. The extent of contribution is 

computed based on a percentage of each employee’s monthly 

salary and varies according to the employee’s age. These savings 

earn a minimum risk-free interest of 2.5% guaranteed by the 

Government and can be used for a variety of purposes, including 

healthcare expenses and housing loans. 

We are in full compliance with statutory requirements for benefit 

plans in Singapore as well as in the other countries we operate. 

Caring for Our Taxi Partners

We are constantly developing new initiatives to 

better meet the needs of our taxi partners.

SMRT Taxis has pledged more than $2.5 million in 

incentives to reward taxi partners and help defray 

rising operational costs. This includes Medisave 

top-ups, fuel and road tax rebates as well as 

loyalty incentives. We have introduced an incentive 

bonus of up to $5,000 under the referral scheme. 

SMRT Taxis has enhanced the sponsor scheme for 

new drivers who have obtained their Taxi Drivers 

Vocational Licence. We committed a total of over 

$15,000 worth of bursary awards that were given 

to 52 partners to support their children’s education 

and a total of $20,000 to the Helping Hand Fund.

Employee Training and Development

SMRT is committed to developing a competent and future-

ready workforce. In building a professional workforce for the 

public transport industry, SMRT has developed and rolled out 

competency-based career roadmaps. Our Bus Captain Career 

Scheme and Trains Career Scheme for non-executive operations 

and technical staff provide attractive career propositions for 

our employees. Employees enjoy career development and 

progression opportunities that are anchored on competency-

building, core values and productivity. This enables us to grow a 

corps of dedicated and competent employees to drive reliability, 

service excellence and business growth.

Rail engineers are the core of SMRT and we pay close attention 

to their professional development. In May 2015, we launched 

the SMRT Train Engineer Professionalisation (STEP) programme 

to develop our railway engineers in Trains and Singapore 

Rail Engineering. We have since conducted five runs of the 

foundational STEP-IN (INduction) development programme for 

new engineer hires, and two runs of STEP-UP (UPgrading) to 

upgrade and energise incumbent engineers.

SMRT plays a leading role in our collaboration with the authorities 

and other industry partners to promote the rail engineering 

industry and professionalise our rail engineers. Our collaboration 

with the Institution of Engineers, Singapore has led to the 

successful launch of the Chartered Engineer programme for 

railway and transportation professionals. This accreditation 

recognises the professional skills and values attained by our 

railway engineers as they go through our STEP programme. 

Since its launch, 192 of our engineers have embarked on their 

journey towards attaining chartership. We have strengthened 



A Bus Captain undergoing simulator training at SG BTEC.

G4-EC3 ∕ G4-LA10


LEAD

SENIOR

ASSOCIATE

SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   40

People

Employee Engagement

In the past year, we have continued to strengthen employee 

engagement through various communication channels and 

activities. SMRT’s employees continue to be highly engaged. 

Our Organisation Climate Survey (OCS), conducted by Towers 

Watson, indicated that 9 in 10 of our employees are proud to 

work at SMRT, and 86% of them are sustainably engaged, 4% 

higher than in the previous survey conducted in 2013. This places 

SMRT at 7% above the national norm, and on par with global 

best-in-class standards.

As part of efforts to enhance communication within the 

Company, we introduced an Employee Engagement and 

Internal Communications Framework, with closed-loop feedback 

structures and processes. We also convened various engagement 

sessions 

for 

two-way 

interaction 

between 

Management 

and employees. 

Recognising HR Excellence

We are encouraged by the recognition received for our HR 

practices. The HR team won awards at the Human Resources 

Magazine Awards 2016, The Singapore HR Awards 2015 and HR 

Excellence Awards 2015, including top awards in strategic HR, 

employee engagement and performance management. On the 

individual level, we also received accolades for Best HR Leader, 

Leading CEO and Leading HR Executive. 

ground maintenance leadership with the new Engineering 

Maintenance Manager Career Scheme. Aligned with the 

SkillsFuture intent of enabling career progression through skills 

upgrading, both diploma and degree holders can now hold key 

positions in frontline maintenance. These measures to continually 

develop and effectively deploy our engineers are coupled with 

competitive remuneration packages to better attract and retain 

top engineering talent.

In tandem, we have also invested heavily in our training 

capability in order to meet SMRT’s growing manpower needs. 

Our dedicated training arm, SMRT Institute, has broadened its 

curriculum to encompass both functional and soft skills training, 

and partnered with institutes of higher learning to strengthen 

capabilities. In February 2016, we signed a Memorandum of 

Understanding with the University of Birmingham to jointly 

conduct courses on railway engineering and operations.

The Institute has conducted a review to transform pedagogy and 

leverage technology to facilitate a more authentic, engaging and 

effective learning experience. In collaboration with e2i, SMRT 

developed and began operations of the Singapore Bus Training 

and Evaluation Centre (SG BTEC), Singapore’s first team-based 

training centre for bus drivers and service controllers. The Centre 

features state-of-the-art simulators and an integrated service 

control centre to enable customised team and scenario-based 

learning to promote better management of bus service safety 

and reliability. These initiatives are in line with SkillsFuture, the 

national effort to deepen skills that are vital to Singapore’s 

key industries.

At SMRT, we invest resources to train our people. In FY2016, our 

employees clocked 40 hours of training on average. 

STEP Career Roadmap provides SMRT’s rail engineers with structured competency-based development throughout their career life cycle. 

Job Levels

6  Chief Engineer

7  Engineering Fellow

8  Principal Engineering Fellow

Development and Progression

Department Head

SMRT Master Engineering Course

Post-graduate Engineering Degree

SMRT Senior Leadership Course

Division Head

PhD / Engineering Doctorate

Job Levels

3  Senior Engineer II

4  Principal Engineer 

5  Senior Principal Engineer

Development and Progression

Section Manager or equivalent

Deputy Section Manager or equivalent

SMRT Intermediate Engineering Course

SMRT Intermediate Leadership Course

Branch Manager or equivalent

SMRT Advanced Engineering Course

SMRT Advanced Leadership Course

Job Levels

1  Executive Engineer

2  Senior Engineer I

Development and Progression

Entry Level

Chartership Phase I Training

SMRT Basic Engineering Course I

SMRT Basic Engineering Course II

Individual Contributor

Chartership Phase II Training

SMRT Basic Engineering Course III

SMRT Basic Leadership Course

SMRT Train Engineer 

Professionalisation 

Career Roadmap

Accreditation as a Railway 

and Transportation  

Chartered Engineer

Accreditation as a 

Professional Engineer

G4-LA9


41   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Community

SMRT’s corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategy is fully 

aligned with our vision of Moving People, Enhancing Lives. 

Our CSR objectives support sustainable development at SMRT, 

while giving back to society and fostering a fair and inclusive 

community. CSR at SMRT is defined by fundamental principles 

relating to philanthropy, volunteerism, advocacy and operational 

practices. These principles are encapsulated in our three pillars 

of Enabling Mobility, Empowering through the Arts and 

Education and Encouraging Environmental Sustainability. 

Enabling Mobility

SMRT‘s Gift of Mobility (GoM) programme is a key initiative of 

this CSR pillar. The SMRT GoM Fund was established to provide 

financially needy individuals with physical disabilities and mobility 

impairment with point-to-point transfers so that they can receive 

their medical treatment, seek employment or go to work until a 

more permanent transport solution is made available to them.

Since 2008, the Fund has disbursed more than $1.3 million and 

has helped close to 8,000 beneficiaries through Community 

Development Councils (CDCs), hospitals and Volunteer Welfare 

Organisations (VWOs).

In FY2016, we achieved a major CSR milestone with our donation 

of life-size public transportation models – a decommissioned 

taxi, a low-floor bus mock-up and a MRT train mock-up – to 

the JurongHealth Mobility Park. Situated within the integrated 

healthcare hub of Ng Teng Fong General Hospital and Jurong 

Community Hospital (JCH), the Mobility Park is purpose-built 

next to the JCH’s indoor rehabilitative facility. The Mobility 

Park helps patients in their recovery and reintegration back to 

the community. 

The Mobility Park is a result of a three-year partnership with 

JurongHealth and was officially opened by the Mayor for South 

West District, Ms Low Yen Ling on 7 January 2016.

Serving Our Community

We believe in making a positive impact on the communities we serve. With island-wide operations, we are 

committed to conducting our business in an economically, socially and environmentally friendly manner that 

balances the interests of our stakeholders. 





Singapore’s first outdoor rehabilitative space with life-size replicas of public transport vehicles.

Photo Credit: Jurong Health Services Pte. Ltd.


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   42

Community

As part of Singapore’s 50th Independence celebrations in June 

2015, we supported the Wheels@Ubin community project which 

brought 100 wheelchair users to Pulau Ubin. SMRT Taxis provided 

100 taxis and 30 staff volunteers to ferry the participants and 

accompany the beneficiaries on the visit.

On 22 August 2015, the first inclusive playground located at 

Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park was officially opened by the Minister for 

Social and Family Development, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin. The launch 

saw 27 taxi partners ferrying our beneficiaries to the playground 

which caters to children with disabilities. The inclusive playground 

was made possible by the Care &amp; Share Movement, with SMRT 

as one of the key donors. Children with disabilities can play and 

enjoy themselves on a wheelchair-friendly merry-go-round, a 

wheelchair swing as well as a slide that provides additional tactile 

stimulation. The playground is specially designed for all children 

to promote inclusive play and interaction.



Taxis ferrying beneficiaries to Pulau Ubin as part of the Wheels@Ubin community project.



Fong Ruo En is enjoying the inclusive playground. She is accompanied by SMRT volunteer, Joelle Chew (in red) and her father.


43   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Community continued

Education

The SMRT Learning Journey is an educational outreach 

programme designed for students between 12 and 16 years 

old. This programme highlights safety and security features 

within our train and bus network, and educates students and the 

community at large on how they can play a part in ensuring a safe 

and enjoyable journey within our network.

In FY2016, 170 participants joined us on the SMRT Learning 

Journey. The journey comprises a customised train ride, an 

introduction to the fully automated Circle Line’s Operations 

Control Centre and a bus ride. The Learning Journey emphasises 

our ongoing efforts to ensure safety, service excellence and 

developments of the multi-year rail reliability programme.

Encouraging Environmental Sustainability

SMRT strives to achieve environmental sustainability through its 

green efforts. More information can be found in the section Our 

Environment on page 25.



A collaboration with Pathlight School to produce 50 pieces of transport-themed artwork for display across the train network.

Empowering Through Arts and Education

Arts

SMRT actively supports the local arts scene. Since 2011, we have 

been working with Art Outreach, a non-profit organisation that 

promotes art education in Singapore, to conduct the Art in Transit 

tour in the Circle Line stations. To date, we have conducted 

172 tours and reached out to 3,205 students and members of 

the public.

For the first time, we collaborated with Pathlight School for 50 

commissioned works of art featuring transport themes drawn by 

Pathlight students and alumni. Pathlight School, which serves 

students with autism aged 7 to 18 years, is Singapore’s first 

autism-focused school offering a unique blend of Singapore’s 

mainstream academic curriculum with life readiness skills.

These works of art are displayed as wall stickers, billboard 

posters, and large format light boxes across SMRT’s train 

network. The collaboration demonstrated SMRT’s support for 

inclusiveness and celebrated the talent of Pathlight students.

SMRT is the Out-of-Home media partner for local art groups and 

events such as the Singapore Symphony Orchestra and the NUS 

Arts Festival. In FY2016, we sponsored over $320,000 worth of 

media space across the SMRT network in support of the arts.


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   44

Community

Cash Sponsorship (%)

Social Services, Mobility

Education, the Arts and Others

Environment

68%

9%

23%

In-kind Sponsorship (%)

Public Education

Social Services, Mobility

National Events and the Arts

Environment 

1%

3%

6%

90%

briefings and site visits to our ongoing projects that affect their 

residents. This is to ensure that the community’s concerns are 

addressed and disturbance due to our works is minimised. 

In the last year, we reviewed our Friends of SMRT (FOS) 

programme. The aim of the review was to assess how we can 

meaningfully reach out to our FOS members who are individuals 

with a deep interest in transport. Since the relaunch of FOS in 

November 2015, activities for our members included the opening 

of our Woodlands Temporary Bus Interchange. Our membership 

base has been growing and now stands at 200 FOS members.

At a strategic level with the transport community, we connect with 

our transport experts, the Government Parliamentary Committee 

for Transport and Public Transport Council, to provide updates 

on SMRT, as necessary. 

Giving at SMRT

In the past year, we have provided over $2.0 million worth 

of cash and in-kind sponsorship to help charities and social 

service organisations raise awareness for their individual causes. 

We leverage our transport network, including media spaces at 

the stations as well as on trains, buses and taxis, to promote the 

causes that we support.

Additionally, our employees devoted close to 1,925 volunteer 

hours through our CSR programmes.

Engagement with the Community 

It is important that we adopt a proactive approach in reaching 

out to the community. 

Above and beyond our CSR initiatives, we engage advisors, 

constituency directors and grassroots leaders through updates, 

Enhancing Lives



In November 2015, we introduced our Enhancing Lives 

logo to represent SMRT’s affirmation in wanting to pay it 

forward to the community. The logo portrays a heart and 

a pair of supporting hands. The heart is synonymous with 

a caring community, while the hands embody SMRT’s three 

CSR pillars. The left hand represents our commitment to 

encouraging environmental sustainability. The right hand 

symbolises our efforts in enabling mobility and empowering 

the community through arts and education. The strategic 

placement of the SMRT roundel shows that SMRT is at the 

heart of our community. The colour combination of red, 

green, orange and black represents the various modes of 

transport that we operate.

The Enhancing Lives logo encapsulates our CSR commitments.

G4-EC1


45   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

Our Sustainable Procurement

We are focused on improving our procurement practices and 

engaging our supply chain more strategically to instil sustainable 

practices throughout our value chain. This will enable us to be 

competitive in our purchasing decisions in the coming years as 

the business climate changes.

Working with our Suppliers 

SMRT enjoys and values long-term relationships based on the 

security of supply, price credibility and trust with key suppliers. 

By engaging our key suppliers in a strategic manner, we can 

promote sustainability throughout the supply chain.

Our biennial Vendors’ Day Event is one such initiative to engage 

and deepen our cooperation with vendors. Through this event, 

32 strategic vendors were kept updated on SMRT’s key thrusts, 

objectives and challenges in the year ahead. The event saw all 

32 vendors committing and affirming their alignment with our 

ethical and sustainable procurement goals. We also recognised 

outstanding vendors in the areas of Innovation, Value Creation 

and Service Excellence. 

Our spending on local suppliers for FY2016 was at 91.7%, 

affirming SMRT’s commitment to supporting the local economy. 

Responsible Procurement Practices

We established a Code of Ethics on Procurement in 2014 which 

outlines our commitment to create an environment where all 

businesses, large or small, majority or minority owned, are 

accorded an equal opportunity to compete for our business. 

Designed as a guide to achieve the highest standard in ethics for 

our purchasing professionals, it sets the standards and expected 

conduct of our employees in their relationships with suppliers 

and contractors. 

In addition, all procurement employees are required to pass 

the Chartered Institute of Procurement &amp; Supply (CIPS) Ethics 

Course. This led us to achieve the CIPS Corporate Ethics Mark 

which indicates a commitment to responsible sourcing and 

provides guidelines when dealing with ethical issues. 

In 2013, the Tender Evaluation Committee framework was 

established to cater for a more robust procurement procedure. 

The framework ensures a rigorous evaluation process through a 

collective decision and improves the integrity of the evaluation 

process and mitigates the risk of fraud. We hope to include 

sustainability as one of the decision-making factors in our 

evaluation process for major tenders.

Risks and Challenges in the Supply Chain

We have processes in place to ensure that the suppliers and 

contractors we work with are credible and responsible companies 

with the least possible risk to SMRT’s business continuity 

and reputation.

We evaluate high risk suppliers using our Supplier Evaluation 

Framework and Checklist, which includes environmental and 

social criteria such as the use of child or forced labour, employee 

welfare and whether suppliers have adequate environmental 

management systems in place. 

SMRT has also invested in an e-Procurement solution with a feature 

that enables us to produce a comprehensive understanding of 

our spending on supplies and services. This allows us to identify 

areas of supply risks and strategise procurement approaches to 

ensure that ethical and sustainable procurement practices are 

enforced in the supply chain.

Adopting Responsible and 

Sustainable Purchasing Practices

We understand the importance for a Company like SMRT to be responsible about our procurement decisions. 

As a provider of transportation services and other businesses, managing our supply chain is a vital part of 

our business.



The procurement team receiving the internationally recognised 

Corporate Ethics Mark.

G4-12 ∕ G4-EC9 ∕ G4-EN32 ∕ G4-LA14 ∕ G4-HR6 ∕ G4-HR10 ∕ G4-SO9


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   46

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

STRATEGY AND ANALYSIS

G4-1

a.  Provide a statement from the most senior 

decision-maker of the organisation (such as CEO, 

chair, or equivalent senior position) about the 

relevance of sustainability to the organisation and the 

organisation’s strategy for addressing sustainability

President and Group CEO’s Message, page 9

G4-2

a.  Provide a description of key SMRT impacts, risks, 

and opportunities

President and Group CEO’s Message, page 9

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Risk 

Management, page 21

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

G4-3

a.  Report the name of the organisation

Page 1

G4-4

a.  Report the primary brands, products, and services

Page 1

Business Overview, page 3 – 6

G4-5

a.  Report the location of the organisation’s headquarters

Page 1

G4-6

a.  Report the number of countries where the 

organisation operates, and names of countries where 

either the organisation has significant operations or 

that are specifically relevant to the sustainability topics 

covered in the report

Business Overview, page 3 – 6

G4-7

a.  Report the nature of ownership and legal form

Page 1

G4-8

a.  Report the markets served (including geographic 

breakdown, sectors served, and types of customers 

and beneficiaries)

Page 1

Business Overview, page 3 – 6

G4-9

a.  Report the scale of the organisation

Business Overview, page 3 – 6

Performance Summary, page 13

G4-10

a.  Report the total number of employees by employment 

contract and gender

b.  Report the total number of permanent employees by 

employment type and gender

c.  Report the total workforce by employees and 

supervised workers and by gender

Our People, page 38

G4-11

a.  Report the percentage of total employees covered by 

collective bargaining agreements

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

G4-12

a.  Describe the organisation’s supply chain

Our Sustainable Procurement, page 45

G4-13

a.  Report any significant changes during the reporting 

period regarding the organisation’s size, structure, 

ownership, or its supply chain

There have been no significant changes during the 

reporting period to the organisation’s size, structure, 

ownership or supply chain.

G4-14

a.  Report whether and how the precautionary approach 

or principle is addressed by the organisation

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Risk 

Management, page 21

We take a risk-based approach and apply the 

necessary precautionary measures, where possible.

G4-15

a.  List externally developed economic, environmental 

and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to 

which the organisation subscribes or which it endorses

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Sustainability 

Commitments, page 16

G4-16

a.  List memberships of associations (such as industry 

associations) and national or international 

advocacy organisations

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Sustainability 

Commitments, page 16

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

GRI Content Index


47   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

IDENTIFIED MATERIAL ASPECTS AND BOUNDARIES

G4-17

List all entities included or not included in organisation’s 

financial statements

Page 1

G4-18

Describe process for defining Report Content

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Materiality, page 16

G4-19

List all the material Aspects identified in the process for 

defining report content

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Materiality, page 17

G4-20

For each material Aspect, report the Aspect Boundary 

within the organisation

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Materiality, page 18

G4-21

For each material Aspect, report the Aspect Boundary 

outside the organisation

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Materiality, page 18

G4-22

a.  Report the effect of any restatements of information 

provided in previous reports, and the reasons for 

such restatements

Not applicable as this is our first GRI G4 

Sustainability Report.

G4-23

a.  Report significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the Scope and Aspect Boundaries

There have been no change in scope and aspect 

boundaries within this reporting period.  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

G4-24

List of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Commitment to 

Stakeholders &gt; Stakeholder Identification, page 18

G4-25

Basis for identification and selection of stakeholders with 

whom to engage

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Commitment to 

Stakeholders, page 18

G4-26

Approach to stakeholder engagement, including 

frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder 

group

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Commitment to 

Stakeholders, page 19

G4-27

Key topics and concerns raised through stakeholder 

engagement, and how the organisation has responded

Our Approach to Sustainability &gt; Materiality, page 16

REPORT PROFILE

G4-28

Reporting period for information provided

Page 1

G4-29

Date of most recent previous report

Page 1

G4-30

Reporting cycle

Page 1

G4-31

Contact point for questions regarding the report or 

its contents

Page 1

G4-32

Report on ‘In accordance’ option, GRI Content Index, 

reference to External Assurance

Page 1

G4-33

Policy and current practice with regard to seeking 

external assurance for the report

Page 1

GOVERNANCE

G4-34

Governance structure of the organisation

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Corporate 

Governance Structure, page 20

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

G4-56

Organisation’s values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour such as codes of conduct and codes of ethics 

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Ethics and 

Integrity, page 20

GRI Content Index continued


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   48

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ASPECT: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Strategy &gt; Our 5 Strategic Thrusts, page 11

G4-EC1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Refer to Annual Report &gt; Value Added Statement, 

page 39

Refer to Annual Report &gt; Notes to the Financial 

Statements Note 20

Our Community &gt; Giving at SMRT, page 44

G4-EC2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

for the organisation’s activities due to climate change

We have not formally assessed the financial implications 

of climate change to the organisation. 

G4-EC3

Coverage of the organisation’s defined benefit 

plan obligations

Our People &gt; Benefits and Welfare, page 39

G4-EC4

Financial assistance received from government

Refer to Annual Report &gt; Notes to the Financial 

Statements Note 21(a), (b) and 22

ASPECT: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement, page 45

G4-EC9

Proportion of spending on local suppliers at significant 

locations of operation

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Working with our 

Suppliers, page 45

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT: ENERGY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment, page 25

G4-EN3

Energy consumption within the organisation

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; Performance, 

page 28

G4-EN4

Energy consumption outside of the organisation

We currently do not track this data.

G4-EN6

Reduction of energy consumption

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; Performance, 

page 28

G4-EN7

Reductions in energy requirements of products 

and services

Our Environment &gt; Climate Change &gt; Green Transport, 

page 26

ASPECT: WATER

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment &gt; Water Management, page 29

G4-EN8

Total water withdrawal by source

Our Environment &gt; Water Management &gt; Performance, 

page 29

G4-EN9

Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal 

of water

Our Environment &gt; Water Management, page 29

ASPECT: EMISSIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment &gt; Climate Change, page 26 

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management, page 28

G4-EN15

Direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1)

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; Performance, 

page 28

G4-EN16

Energy indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 

(Scope 2)

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; Performance, 

page 28

G4-EN19

Reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; Performance, 

page 28


49   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment &gt; Waste Management, page 29

G4-EN22

Total water discharge by quality and destination

We do not currently track this data.

G4-EN23

Total weight of waste by type and disposal method

Our Environment &gt; Waste Management &gt; Performance, 

page 30

G4-EN24

Total number and volume of significant spills

Our Environment &gt; Waste Management &gt; Managing 

Spills, page 30

There have been no significant spills in FY2016.

G4-EN25

Weight of transported, imported, exported, or treated 

waste deemed hazardous under the terms of the Basel 

Convention Annex I, II, III, and VIII, and percentage of 

transported waste shipped internationally

We do not transport, import or export waste 

deemed hazardous.

ASPECT: PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment &gt; Sustainable Resource Use, page 31

G4-EN27

Extent of impact mitigation of environmental impacts 

of products and services

Our Environment &gt; Energy Management &gt; 

Energy Reduction Initiatives, page 28

G4-EN28

Percentage of products sold and their packaging 

materials that are reclaimed by category

We currently do not track this data.

ASPECT: COMPLIANCE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Environment &gt; Compliance, page 31

G4-EN29

Monetary value of significant fines and total number 

of non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

Our Environment &gt; Compliance, page 31

ASPECT: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement, page 45

G4-EN32

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45

We screen new high-risk suppliers using  

environmental criteria.

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: LABOUR PRACTICES AND DECENT WORK

ASPECT: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Health and Safety, page 22

G4-LA5

Percentage of total workforce represented in formal joint 

management-worker health and safety committees that 

help monitor and advise on occupational health and 

safety programs

Our Health and Safety &gt; Our Approach to Managing 

Health and Safety &gt; Safety Structure, page 22

G4-LA6

Type of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and total number of 

work-related fatalities, by region and by gender

Our Health and Safety &gt; Employee Health and Safety &gt; 

Performance, page 24

G4-LA8

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements 

with trade unions

Our Health and Safety &gt; Our Approach to Managing 

Health and Safety &gt; Safety Structure, page 22

GRI Content Index continued


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   50

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: LABOUR PRACTICES AND DECENT WORK

ASPECT: TRAINING AND EDUCATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Health and Safety &gt; Our Approach to Managing 

Health and Safety &gt; Health and Safety Training, page 22

Our People &gt; Employee Training and Development,  

page 39

G4-LA9

Average hours of training per year per employee by 

gender, and by employee category

Our People &gt; Employee Training and Development, 

page 40

G4-LA10

Programmes for skills management and lifelong learning 

that support the continued employability of employees 

and assist them in managing career endings

Our People &gt; Taking Care of an Ageing Workforce, 

page 39

G4-LA11

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews, by gender and by 

employee category

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and

Fair Employment, page 38

ASPECT: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and

Fair Employment, page 38

G4-LA12

Composition of governance bodies and breakdown of 

employees per employee category according to gender, 

age group, minority group membership, and other 

indicators of diversity

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and  

Fair Employment, page 38

ASPECT: EQUAL REMUNERATION FOR WOMEN AND MEN

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People, Diversity, Equal Opportunity and  

Fair Employment, page 38

G4-LA13

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men by employee category, by significant locations 

of operation

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and  

Fair Employment, page 38

ASPECT: SUPPLIER ASSESSMENT FOR LABOUR PRACTICES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Responsible 

Procurement Practices, page 45

G4-LA14

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

labour practices criteria

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45 

We screen new high-risk suppliers for labour practices. 

Quantitative data is not available for FY2016.

G4-LA15

Significant actual and potential negative impacts for 

labour practices in the supply chain and actions taken

We currently do not track this data.

ASPECT: LABOUR PRACTICES GRIEVANCE MECHANISMS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

G4-LA16

Number of grievances about labour practices filed, 

addressed, and resolved through formal grievance 

mechanisms

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and 

Fair Employment, page 38

SUB-CATEGORY: HUMAN RIGHTS

ASPECT: INVESTMENT

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Responsible 

Procurement Practices, page 45

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and 

Fair Employment, page 38

G4-HR1

Total number and percentage of significant investment 

agreements and contracts that include human rights 

clauses or that underwent human rights screening

At present, we do not quantitatively track the screening 

of agreements and investments with human rights 

criteria. We do screen procurement decisions for 

high-risk suppliers based on location and risk of 

human rights issues.


51   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: HUMAN RIGHTS

ASPECT: INVESTMENT

G4-HR2

Total hours of employee training on human rights 

policies or procedures concerning aspects of human 

rights that are relevant to operations, including the 

percentage of employees trained

We currently do not track this data.

ASPECT: NON-DISCRIMINATION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and

Fair Employment, page 38

G4-HR3

Total number of incidents of discrimination and 

corrective actions taken

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and

Fair Employment, page 38

ASPECT: FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

G4-HR4

Operations and suppliers identified in which the right to 

exercise freedom of association and collective bargaining 

may be violated or at significant risk, and measures taken 

to support these rights

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

ASPECT: FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOUR

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45

G4-HR6

Operations and suppliers identified as having significant 

risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labour, and 

measures to contribute to the elimination of all forms of 

forced or compulsory labour

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45

We evaluate all high-risk suppliers, especially from 

countries where such issues may exist.  

ASPECT: ASSESSMENT

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Diversity, Equal Opportunity and  

Fair Employment, page 38

G4-HR9

Total number and percentage of operations that 

have been subject to human rights reviews or 

impact assessments

At present, we do not track data quantitatively as our 

operations are in Singapore where human rights issues 

are tightly controlled by the Government.  

ASPECT: SUPPLIER HUMAN RIGHTS ASSESSMENT

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement, page 45

G4-HR10

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

human rights criteria

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45

We currently only evaluate high-risk suppliers.  

G4-HR11

Significant actual and potential negative human rights 

impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

We currently do not track this data.

ASPECT: HUMAN RIGHTS GRIEVANCE MECHANISMS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our People &gt; Employee Rights, page 37

G4-HR12

Number of grievances about human rights impacts 

filed, addressed, and resolved through formal 

grievance mechanisms

Our operations are in Singapore where human rights 

issues, such as child labour or forced labour, are tightly 

controlled by the Government. We do not track 

grievances across the supply chain.  

GRI Content Index continued


SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016   52

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: SOCIETY

ASPECT: LOCAL COMMUNITIES

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Community, page 41

G4-SO1

Percentage of operations with implemented local 

community engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

The majority of our operations are in Singapore, hence 

our community engagement outreach and initiatives are 

focused locally. 

G4-SO2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative  

impacts on local communities

Our operations have a significant positive impact on the 

local community through the public transport service 

that we provide. These impacts, and the potential 

negative impacts, are covered throughout the report.

ASPECT: ANTI-CORRUPTION

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically, page 21

G4-SO3

Total number and percentage of operations assessed 

for risks related to corruption and the significant 

risks identified

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically &gt; Whistleblowing Channels and 

Responding to Fraud, page 21

G4-SO4

Communication and training on anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically, page 21

G4-SO5

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically, page 21

ASPECT: ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically &gt; Fair Marketing Communications, 

page 21

G4-SO7

Total number of legal actions for anti-competitive 

behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices and their 

outcomes

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically &gt; Fair Marketing Communications, 

page 21

ASPECT: SUPPLIER ASSESSMENT FOR IMPACTS ON SOCIETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Our Responsible 

Procurement Practices, page 45

G4-SO9

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

criteria for impacts on society

Our Sustainable Procurement &gt; Risks and Challenges in 

the Supply Chain, page 45

We screen new high-risk suppliers using a framework 

that takes into account impacts on society (human rights, 

labour and environmental criteria).

G4-SO10

Significant actual and potential negative impacts on 

society in the supply chain and actions taken

There has been no significant impact on society in the 

supply chain during the reporting period.  

ASPECT: GRIEVANCE MECHANISMS FOR IMPACTS ON SOCIETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Community &gt; Engagement with the Community, 

page 44

G4-SO11

Number of grievances about impacts on society 

filed, addressed, and resolved through formal 

grievance mechanisms

Our Environment &gt; Noise Management, page 30

We have a formal grievance process where we receive 

and assess complaints from the community relating to 

factors such as noise.


53   SMRT Corporation Ltd – Sustainability Report 2016

SPECIFIC STANDARD DISCLOSURES

Standard Disclosure Title

Page Reference

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SUB-CATEGORY: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

ASPECT: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Health and Safety &gt; Customer Health and Safety, 

page 24

G4-PR1

Percentage of significant product and service 

categories for which health and safety impacts 

are assessed for improvement

Our Health and Safety &gt; Customer Health and Safety, 

page 24

G4-PR2

Total number of incidents of non-compliance with 

regulations and voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety of products and services during 

their life cycle, by type of outcomes

Our Health and Safety &gt; Our Approach to Managing 

Health and Safety &gt; Compliance, page 23

ASPECT: PRODUCT AND SERVICE LABELLING

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Customers &gt; Providing Outstanding Customer 

Service, page 32

G4-PR5

Results of surveys measuring customer satisfaction

Our Customers &gt; Our Performance &gt; Customer 

Satisfaction, page 35

SUB-CATEGORY: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

ASPECT: MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically &gt; Fair Marketing Communications, 

page 21

G4-PR7

Total number of incidents of non-compliance with 

regulations and voluntary codes concerning marketing 

communications, including advertising, promotion, and 

sponsorship, by type of outcomes

Our Corporate Governance and Ethics &gt; Conducting our 

Business Ethically &gt; Fair Marketing Communications, 

page 21

ASPECT: CUSTOMER PRIVACY

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Customers &gt; Customer Data Privacy, page 35

G4-PR8

Total number of substantiated complaints 

regarding breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

Our Customers &gt; Customer Data Privacy, page 35

ASPECT: COMPLIANCE

G4-DMA

Generic Disclosures on Management Approach

Our Customers, Providing Outstanding Customer 

Service, page 32

G4-PR9

Monetary value of significant fines for non-compliance 

with laws and regulations concerning the provision and 

use of products and services

Our Customers &gt; Our Performance &gt; Meeting 

Operational Standards, page 36

GRI Content Index continued


SMRT Corporation Ltd

251 North Bridge Road 

Singapore 179102 

Telephone: (65) 6331 1000 

www.smrt.com.sg

Company Registration No.: 200001855H

