
 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

NEW EXPERTISE 

GREATER HORIZON 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

2 

 

 

Contents 

Board Statement ............................................................................................................................................3 

About our Report .......................................................................................................................................... 4 

About Soilbuild Construction Group ............................................................................................................ 5 

Our Sustainability Approach ........................................................................................................................ 9 

Environmental performance: resource conservation ................................................................................ 12 

Social performance: collaborating with our employees and wider community ....................................... 15 

Governance: growth with purpose............................................................................................................. 24 

GRI Standards Content Index ..................................................................................................................... 27 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 


 

 

3 

 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd. (“Soilbuild”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is 

pleased to issue its second annual sustainability report (the “Sustainability Report 2018” and/or the 

“Report”).  

 

The Sustainability Report 2018, which reflects the Group’s performance as well as the Group’s strategy 

and vision for the future, is prepared as per the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide and in reference to 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.  

 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd. has always been committed 

to sustainability and fully supports the adoption of the new SGX sustainability reporting guidelines. The 

Board oversees the Group’s sustainability performance, practices and initiatives and its compliance with 

SGX guidelines on sustainability reporting. As a listed Company, we are also committed to the Code of 

Corporate Governance of Singapore. The Code provides the framework for controls, checks and 

accountabilities and requires the Board to consider sustainability issues in its business decisions. 

Throughout the year, the Board and the Group Management reviewed the Group’s sustainability 

objectives and progress.  

 

 

At Soilbuild, we have a pragmatic approach towards sustainability. We focus on identifying and putting 

into practice initiatives and programs that deliver real-world and lasting benefits to the society. Material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues for the Group are identified and we are 

committed to continue examining our material issues on a yearly basis, with the aim to further 

strengthen our internal sustainability management framework, processes and procedures. 

 

 

We recognise that corporations have a responsibility to deliver responsible products and services. We 

will ensure that sustainability remains a core focus of Soilbuild and would like to thank the Management 

and employees for their help in the preparation of this report. 

 

 

 

 

Lim Chap Huat 

Executive Chairman 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

4 

 

 

 

About our Report 

 

The Sustainability Report 2018 presents the annual sustainability performance of the Group which 

primarily includes the material Environmental, Social and Governance aspects of our business 

operations for the period 1st January 2018 to 31st December 2018. The Report has been prepared in 

reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. The reporting boundary includes the 

Group’s operations at Singapore and Myanmar and the entities have been selected on the basis of our 

level of control and nature of operational activities, and therefore, the Report has excluded the 

performance data of the Group’s Joint Venture companies.  

 

The Group has commenced its precast and prefabrication business in 2019. We plan to include the 

precast and prefabrication business within the scope of reporting in 2019. 

 

Data presented in this Report has been sourced directly from the operations included within the 

reporting boundary. This Report covers material issues for Group’s operating subsidiaries as shown in 

the section Our Sustainability Approach.  For any further queries and suggestion related to this Report 

or Soilbuild’s sustainability initiatives, please reach out to us at sbcg_ir@soilbuild.com.  

 

The GRI Standards Content Index is included at the end of the Report. We have not obtained any 

independent assurance of the information being reported this year, but will continue to strengthen our 

reporting processes, and consider obtaining independent assurance in future. 

 

 

 


 

 

5 

 

 

About Soilbuild Construction Group 

 

Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd. is a leading builder with a long and successful track record of 

constructing a sterling award-winning portfolio of residential and business space properties. Since its 

inception in 1976, Soilbuild charts over 40 years of success in offering a full spectrum of real estate 

services which includes Design and Build, Construction, Turnkey Construction, Project Management 

Consultancy, Procurement and Mechanical &amp; Electrical Installation. Soilbuild is a publicly held 

Company headquartered in Singapore and is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. Our track record 

in public sector projects puts us in good stead as we compete in future tenders by the local public 

agencies including the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) and Land Transport Authority 

(“LTA”). Projects in which we acted as the main contractor, have achieved building excellence in 

winning several architectural and environment awards over the years. 

 

In 2015, the Group was awarded the concept and price tender for the development of an Integrated 

Construction and Precast Hub (“ICPH”). In the ICPH, highly automated manufacturing processes has 

been adopted to offer precast solutions to the built environment sector. Since December 2018, the 

manufacturing facilities at ICPH have been commissioned.  

 

In November 2018, through an acquisition transaction, the Group extended its manufacturing facilities 

for precast and prefabricated building components in Malaysia. With the ICPH and the manufacturing 

facilities in Malaysia, the Group is implementing its strategies to be a key supplier of precast and 

prefabricated building components to the local build environment. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our values 

 

Our core values keep the inner workings of our brand in check. They shape our culture and define our 

beliefs and practices. 

 

INTEGRITY  

Always be forthright, doing the right thing and not cutting corners. 

 

MAKE IT HAPPEN 

Determination to bring projects to fruition, regardless of the challenge. 

 

PROFESSIONAL  

Keeping to standards and engaging customers in a practical, professional manner and tone. 

 

AGILITY  

Agility and flexibility to move and change quickly based on market conditions and needs. 

 

CUSTOMER-CENTRICITY  

Always close to the market to understand their needs by giving them practical solutions; thus 

empowering and enabling organisations and individuals to go further. 

 

THINK AHEAD  

Updated and well-informed. 

 

 



MISSION 

 

To deliver optimal construction and 

management solutions to our partners 

and customers, and to enhance 

shareholder value 



VISION 

 

To be the preferred multi-disciplinary 

construction company first in Asia 

Pacific, then global 


 

 

6 

 

Our operations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our multi-disciplinary capabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Geographic presence 

 

 

Soilbuild Entities 

Location 

Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd 

Singapore 

SB Procurement Pte Ltd 

Singapore 

Soilbuild Construction Engineering Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

Soilbuild E&amp;C Pte Ltd 

Singapore 

Soilbuild Construction International Pte Ltd 

Singapore 

Precast Concrete Pte. Ltd.  

Singapore 

Precast Concrete Builders Pte Ltd (newly acquired in 2018) 

Singapore 

PrecastConcrete Builder (India) Private Limited (newly acquired in 2018, dormant) 

India 

Precast Concrete (Pontian) Sdn Bhd (newly acquired in 2018) 

Malaysia 

Precast Concrete (M) Sdn Bhd (newly incorporated in 2018) 

Malaysia 

Soilbuild (Myanmar) Co., Ltd. 

Myanmar 

Soilbuild Construction (Myanmar) Co., Ltd. 

Myanmar 

Soilbuild (Thilawa) Company Limited   

Myanmar 

 

 



Construction 



contracts

Precast 

concrete 

and PPVC



Project 



management 



service 



contracts






 

 

7 

 

 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

 

The group has a basic supply chain structure, where the lead company forms a series of relationship 

with companies that buy and sell supplies from each other. Our principal activities and the place of 

incorporation and operation are represented below: 

 

Principal activities 

Place of incorporation and 

operation 

Number of 

Subsidiaries 

2018 

2017 

Building contractors 

Singapore 

3 

3 

Construction and procurement 

services 

Singapore/Myanmar 

3 

3 

Precast and PPVC 

Singapore/Malaysia/India 

5 

1 

Manufacturing of construction 

materials 

Myanmar 

1 

1 

Investment holdings 

Singapore 

1 

2 

 

 

13 

10 

 




 

 

8 

 

 

The Group is well positioned to deliver regionally across Singapore, Malaysia and Myanmar. The Group 

recognises the importance of establishing resilient relationships with business partners and local 

authorities to keep abreast of prevailing changes in statutory and regulatory requirements in the 

countries we operate in. Internally, the Group has invested in training and sharing sessions for 

employees to be in touch with the latest regulatory changes and the potential impact these changes may 

have as well as any non-compliance of regulatory requirements on the businesses. We are a statutory 

member of Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”) and full corporate member of Access Solution 

Industry Association (fka Access &amp; Scaffold Industry Association) (“ASIA”). The Group's internal 

auditors conduct an annual review of the effectiveness of the Group's material internal controls, 

including internal financial controls, operational and compliance controls.  

 

Figure 1 Key strengths and value proposition 

 

Outlook for Singapore’s construction industry is expected to be supported by government measures to 

achieve sustainable growth, rising population and improvements in the built environment. Soilbuild’s 

strategic initiatives to a) invest in productivity improvements, b) focus on core businesses which 

continue to have healthy demand, c)  further develop its position in the public housing construction 

sector which has sustained construction demand and d) be a key and reliable supplier for precast and 

prefabricated building components, are expected to strengthen the Company’s operations and increase 

our returns. Given our competitive strengths, the Board believes that we are able to overcome future 

challenges and drive its growth.  

 

 




 

 

9 

 

Our Sustainability Approach 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

Organisation-wide sustainability agenda is led by our Sustainability team headed by the Director of 

Corporate Services with guidance from the senior management and Board of directors.  The team 

initiates, drives, and monitors various aspects of our sustainability practices, ensuring effective 

integration of Environmental, Social and Governance initiatives into our business operations and 

corporate objectives. 

 

Figure 2 Group’s sustainability governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

Stakeholders are defined as groups of people or entities that are directly or indirectly influenced by our 

business operations and outcomes, or that can significantly influence our businesses. Feedback from 

our key stakeholder groups forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, and is viewed as 

a valuable insight for the Group to continuously improve our sustainability performance. 

 

Through internal discussions and reviews with external consultants, key stakeholder groups are 

identified across the entire value chain and each stage of our business life cycle. Engagement with key 

stakeholder groups are planned annually. 

 

Understanding the stakeholders’ concerns and expectations is an essential part of Soilbuild’s 

sustainability approach. Through regular formal and informal engagements, we develop mutually 

beneficial relationships with our stakeholders. As part of our stakeholder engagement process, we have 

identified the following key stakeholder groups:    



Board of Directors 



Senior Management 



Environment 

 

1.

Energy efficiency and 

management 

2.

Water efficiency and 

management 



Social 

 

1.

Training and development 

2.

Occupational health and 

safety 

3.

Talent attraction and 

development 

4.

Fair labour and human 

rights 



Economic 

 

1.

Product quality and safety 

2.

Anti-corruption 



Core values 

Integrity | Make It Happen | Professional | Agility | Customer-centricity | Think Ahead  



Quantity 

Surveyor 



Human 

Resources 



Health &amp; 

Safety 



Risk and 

Compliance 



Corporate Services &amp; Sustainability Team 



Project Teams 


 

 

10 

 

• Customers (project owners and developers) 

• Employees  

• Suppliers &amp; Sub-contractors 

• Shareholders &amp; Investors 

• Community   

• Government &amp; Regulators 

Engagements with Key Stakeholder Groups in 2018 

 

The scope of the stakeholders’ engagement in FY 2018 was limited, mostly on account of the challenging 

local market conditions that impacted our domestic business operations. However, we are committed 

to expanding our stakeholders’ engagement methods and using the subsequent output in our future 

disclosures. Soilbuild’s senior management is very much determined to continuously improve upon 

sustainability performance and devotes pre-decided time for the same by engaging with key stakeholder 

groups. Our key stakeholders’ topics and concerns raised and our engagement mechanism are as shown: 

 

Figure 3 Stakeholder engagement mechanism 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Stakeholder 



Key 

Topics/Concerns 



Engagement Mechanism 



Customers 



Safety, quality and 

site progress on 

schedule 



Regular customer survey and engagement activities were 

conducted to measure customer satisfaction and collect feedback  

 



•

Employee survey is conducted on an annual basis to 

measure the level of employee engagement 

•

Monthly management meetings are held to discuss day-to-

day operation issues 

•

Risk management meetings were held quarterly to discuss 

summary of operation issues 

•

Annual budget meetings were conducted to communicate 

the Group’s strategy and policy changes 

•

Orientations were conducted for new employees to 

familiarise them with the Group’s management team 

•

Newsletters were circulated to keep employees abreast of 

the Group’s new development 

 



Personal 

development, 

career 

advancement 



Employees 



•

Safety briefings were regularly conducted for staff and 

contractors working on site 

•

Annual review of suppliers / sub-contractors was conducted 

to evaluate their performance and raise feedback or concern 



Safety, compliance, 

site progress on 

schedule 



Suppliers &amp; 

Sub-

contractors 



•

Shareholders were kept abreast of the Company's key 

developments through press releases and Annual Reports 

•

Annual General Meetings and investor meetings were 

conducted to engage our shareholders and investors in two-

way communications 

 



•

Kept abreast of new policies, regulations and guidelines 

launched and implemented by government and regulators 

•

Complied and continually improved the effectiveness of 

the quality management system to satisfy all requirement 

of ISO 9001:2015 standards requirements, or any relevant 

statutory and regulatory body such as Building &amp; 

Construction Authority, Ministry of Manpower, National 

Environment Agency and etc. 

•

Met with community to address their concerns 

 



Economic and 

industry trends, 

Group 

performance 



Shareholders 

and investors 



Contribute and 

caring our 

community and 

environment, 

adoption of best 

practices and 

compliance with 

regulations 



Government, 

regulators 

and 

community 


 

 

11 

 

Materiality assessment 

 

Materiality is a critical input into our corporate sustainability strategy because it ensures we provide 

our stakeholders with the sustainability information most relevant to them and our business. To 

determine this, we conduct a formal materiality assessment on a regular basis. In 2018, we have 

revisited our materiality assessments for two regions: Singapore and Myanmar. The assessment process 

included interviews with internal stakeholders such as employees and management and internal 

workshops, to identify the most material sustainability issues. The boundary of material topics is 

restricted to our Singapore and Myanmar operations and business partners comprising contractors, 

subcontractors and suppliers. 

 

Soilbuild adopted a systematic four-step approach in determining the material topics for our operations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To illustrate degree of importance to internal and external stakeholders, the material aspects have been 

plotted on a materiality matrix. Figure below provides an overview of our material topics. 

 

 

 







 







Importance to Soilbuild's stakeholders 







Importance to Soilbuild's business 







Community involvement 

Responsible supply chain 

Environmental compliance 







Data privacy 

Materials Management 

Waste management 

Diversity &amp; Inclusion 







Our Material Topics 

1.

Energy efficiency and management 

2.

Water efficiency and management 

3.

Training and development 

4.

Occupational health and safety 

5.

Talent attraction and development 

6.

Fair labour and human rights 

7.

Product quality and safety 

8.

Ethics &amp; Anti-corruption 







Economic performance 

Customer Satisfaction 

Identification

•Sustainability team 

shortlists 

sustainability issues 

and sustainability 

topics that are 

relevant to 

stakeholders from a 

issues universe and 

GRI Standards 

respectively. 

Prioritisation

•Material issues are 

grouped under the 

shortlisted GRI 

Material topics.

•Through discussion 

and analysis, the 

topics are ranked in 

relation to the 

significance of their 

ESG impact and 

based on 

stakeholders’ 

concern.

Validation

•The list of ranked 

material topics is 

circulated to Senior 

Management for 

feedback and to 

ensure completeness 

and relevance of 

topics selected.

Review

•The Sustainability 

team re-examines 

the material topics in 

relation to the 

feedback obtained to 

prepare for 

reporting.


 

 

12 

 

Environmental performance: resource conservation  

 

As an organisation that is committed to sustained growth and shared value creation, we adopt 

responsible practices across our supply chain. These are encapsulated in the various policies which 

govern our business practices and environment stewardship.  

 

(a) Energy efficiency and management 

 

Soilbuild believes in building a greener future and creating a friendlier environment for all our 

stakeholders by minimising the usage of natural resources and the waste in our operations. We have 

implemented an environmental management system to identify and manage environmental 

aspects. These aspects are managed by setting targets and implementing programmes to achieve 

these targets. As an endorsement of our environmental management system, Soilbuild has obtained 

the ISO 14001:2015 certification for the scope of building and civil engineering construction 

services.  

 

In addition, Soilbuild has also been awarded “BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award” in 2018 for 

Soilbuild’s efforts in promoting environment protection and gracious practices during the 

construction phase of projects. 

 

We believe improvements in energy efficiency will enable our Company to reduce cost and improve 

overall operational efficiency. Integrating energy efficiency considerations into the design and 

construction of our assets can also help to reduce the energy usage (and electricity costs) of our 

customers. Through various operational measures, we maximise energy efficiency across key 

business units and at different stages in the building’s lifecycle. At Soilbuild we have a diesel-use 

policy which ensures efficient use of diesel in operations such as in cranes, welding machine, diesel 

generators and air-conditioners. 

 

Examples of continuous energy initiatives are: 

 

Table 1 Energy management initiatives at Soilbuild 

 

Energy Initiatives 

✓ Monitoring and analysing energy usage in construction sites for all projects under construction 

for any abnormality, for immediate rectification 

✓ Implementing various measures to reduce energy consumption, including the consideration of 

energy efficient equipment with the Energy Star logo when purchasing new office equipment 

Using energy efficient lightings and green label photocopiers in the site offices 

 

Soilbuild’s commitment to environmental stewardship is to minimise negative environmental 

impact as well as to constantly educate employees on sustainability aspects. We apply the 

precautionary principle to our environment management to ensure that we minimise any impact 

on the environment and related risks to the organisation. As a growing company, we know our 

footprint is expanding, so we use strategies and practices to gain operational efficiencies, thereby 

reducing energy and water consumption, emissions and waste. At Soilbuild, employees are 

sensitised on the issues relating to carbon emissions and are encouraged to promote energy and 

fuel efficiency.  

 

The Group’s ICPH was completed in 2018. During the design and construction phase of the ICPH, 

the Group had taken various measures and consideration in order to promote green features for the 

building. These measures and considerations include (i) the use of energy saving LED lighting for 

offices, production areas and dormitory, (ii) double-glazed glass used for all fenestration to reduce 

solar heat gain, (iii) sustainable products with recycled content used during construction, (iv) use 

of efficient air-con system, (v) use of energy-efficient features and environmental friendly products, 

(vi) use of water-efficient fittings and etc. The Group’s ICPH was awarded ‘BCA Green Mark Award 

– Gold” by the BCA. 

 

 

 


 

 

13 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

In 2018, the Group have participated in the celebration of Earth Day 2018, during which awareness 

were created and valuable knowledge were shared on broad sustainability topics. In addition, the 

Group have also set campaigns at various construction sites to inculcate and raise green awareness 

to all employees working at the sites. 

 

Table 2 Energy consumption at Soilbuild  

 

Energy use &amp; 

efficiency 

Unit 

FY 2017 

Performance 

FY 2018 

Performance 

FY 2019 Target 

Electricity 

consumption 

MWh 

2,787 

1,386 

To conduct internal energy 

audit 

at 

selected 

construction sites to identify 

areas for improvement and 

continue to set campaigns to 

raise awareness of energy 

saving 

Diesel 

consumption 

m3 

751 

1,281 

 

Figure 4 Energy – Electricity consumption (MWh) by region 

 

 

 

Figure 5 Energy – Diesel consumption (m3) by region 

 

 

 





1,902 

900 

885 

486 

2,787 

1,386 

656 

1,186 

95 

95 

751 

1,281 


 

 

14 

 

 

Soilbuild has identified energy management as a key focus area towards improving its operational 

efficiency. We will continue to monitor our energy consumption of our construction projects and 

improve on our practices to improve efficiency of energy use. We take the opportunity to upgrade 

or enhance equipment to better energy efficiency levels during major equipment replacement cycle 

or Asset Enhancement Initiative (“AIE”) works at our sites. We will report in subsequent years the 

outcomes of our focused interventions towards energy efficiency. 

 

 

(b) Water efficiency and management 

 

At Soilbuild we are conscious of the increasing scarcity of water and aim to further strengthen our 

water management policies. Both water quantity and quality are important aspects of water 

management. From sustaining agriculture and food chain, water is required in all industrial plants 

and commercial operations. Drought conditions which are attributable to climate change is already 

causing acute water shortages in large parts of Asia and in the rest of the world. A large percentage 

of manufacturing and industrial operations which are dependent on freshwater are located in water-

scarce regions such as Southeast Asia and other areas where local communities lack access to reliable 

and affordable drinking water. These regions are also most susceptible to climate change impacts on 

water resources.  We recognise the vital role the provision of a sustainable water supply plays in 

Singapore, Malaysia and Myanmar, which is critical for our own future prosperity and development. 

 

At Soilbuild we acknowledge the significant operational benefits that arise from a strategic approach 

to water management. We are cautious on water consumption and believe water use efficiency is 

beneficial for business as well for environment and society at large. Water savings equipment and 

processes are encouraged across Soilbuild’s operations. Employees are sensitised on the issues 

relating to water scarcity and are advised to reduce water consumption across operations. At 

Soilbuild, treated water is used for multiple purposes such as for cleaning vehicles and construction 

sites, and other activities. 

 

Table 3 Water management initiatives at Soilbuild 

 

Water Initiatives 

✓ Monitoring and analysing water usage in construction sites for all projects under construction. 

✓ Using rainwater or recycled water to wash vehicles before they leave the construction sites, and 

using recycled water for washing before casting. Water saving devices like thimbles in taps are 

also installed wherever possible in our project sites and our corporate office. 

 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

Total water consumption for Singapore project sites was 64,309 m3 during 2018 (2017 : 116,327 m3). 

In the case of Myanmar sites, water was extracted from tube wells, which is allowed within Yangon 

City Development Committee (“YCDC”) legislation for construction project sites with no charges. 

Hence the measurement of water consumption was undeterminable due to lack of data. However, 

we understand that improvement and upgrading of town water supply network in Myanmar is in 

progress and YCDC is targeting to complete the upgrading of full water supply system by 2019, after 

which we will be able to monitor and control our water usage. For our 2019 water targets, we aim to 

reduce our water consumption across the key operational activities using innovative water efficiency 

and reduction measures. We will continue to monitor our water consumption of our construction 

projects and promote water efficiency initiatives. 

 

 


 

 

15 

 

Social performance: collaborating with our 

employees and wider community 

 

We recognise that our employees are invaluable to the success of our Group. We are committed to 

cultivating a balanced work-life environment for all our employees, as well as to developing the new 

workforce in our industry. 

 

(a) Training and development   

 

In 2017, the Group signed ‘The Pledge for a Better Built Environment Workplace” developed by the 

BCA and Construction Industry Joint Committee in demonstrating the Group’s full support to 

objectives of the pledge to transform the built environment sector into a workplace of choice for our 

local young talents as well as retaining existing talents within the sector. By signing the pledge, we 

are committed to adopting good human resource practices by bringing about a more conducive work 

environment and better employee management.   

 

We offer training to assist employees in achieving a higher level of competency and safety standards, 

in order to further enhance the quality of our services and products. Such training also aims to build 

a well-motivated, stable workforce with a high level of team work. A key objective of training is to 

develop competencies which would enable our employees to perform their current or future jobs 

successfully. All our training programmes are geared towards the following objectives: 

 

i. 

strengthening the job skills/ knowledge of employees; 

ii. 

improving operational efficiency and productivity; and 

iii. 

developing and maximising the potential of employees, to the mutual benefit of Soilbuild 

and themselves. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Figure 6 Total employees at Soilbuild (as on 31 December) 

637 

599 

66 

80 

703 

679 


 

 

16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Note: 

a) 

Management includes board of directors and senior management 

b) 

Professional or technical includes all HQ or Site engineers, diploma holders relating to construction 

c) 

Executives includes all HQ or Site staff not relating to construction qualification, but holding all other degrees or 

diploma 

d) 

Non-executives or workers includes all the rest as well as foreign workers 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Figure 7 Distribution of employees by functions  

Year 2018 

14 

168 

44 

373 

- 

9 

7 

64 

382 

51 

232 

14 

Year 2017 

359 

29 

233 

16 

2 

56 

8 

- 

361 

37 

16 

289 


 

 

17 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Figure 8 Distribution of employees by age group 

 

 

 

 

Year 2018 

168 

- 

299 

7 

7 

116 

17 

99 

- 

40 

191 

23 

26 

26 

339 

- 

6 

6 

92 

112 

13 

99 

171 

19 

152 

29 

293 

5 

87 

322 

Year 2017 


 

 

18 

 

 

 

As on 31st December 2018, total numbers of employees at Soilbuild are 679. We have a diverse mix 

of employees across various age groups. In order to build a more gender inclusive work environment, 

we aim to further improve gender diversity across various levels in the organisation.  

 

 

Figure 9 Distribution of employees by gender  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Year 2018 

115 

564 

34 

46 

81 

518 

Year 2017 

100 

603 

35 

31 

69 

568 


 

 

19 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

 

Below figure presents the key performance indicators relating to training and development of our 

employees. Total employees mean all personnel in the Group's payroll, including workers; and 

training includes all external training or seminar registered, and in-house training. 

 

Figure 10 Training hours per employee 

 

 

 

 

At Soilbuild, potential employees are groomed to be next generation leaders. Competency building 

trainings for the next level such as project managers are provided. We develop training plans based 

on career development plans for middle management. We also provide mentor guiding programmes 

for selected candidates. The Company also encourages and where it feels appropriate, will arrange for 

training courses to supplement and keep directors updated on areas such as accounting, legal and 

industry-specific knowledge. The Company is responsible for funding the training of directors. The 

directors are also kept updated on revisions to relevant laws and regulations through presentations 

and workshops organised by the Management. The Board supports directors receiving further 

relevant training in connection with their duties, particularly on relevant new laws and regulations.  

At Soilbuild, we believe in providing training based on individual needs and strengths to all eligible 

employees. As part of our FY 2019 ESG targets, we aim to roll out new training programmes for all 

employees, new leadership courses for managers and above, as well as professional conversion 

programmes. 

 

(b) Talent Attraction and Retention 

 

In the current competitive landscape, talent attraction and retention remains a key concern for 

Soilbuild. Soilbuild is committed to developing human capital and industry talent in the built 

environment through various programmes. 

 

To build a healthy talent pipeline in preparing for the Group’s continuous business expansion, we 

have been participating in the BCA – Industry Built Environment Undergraduates 

Sponsorship/Scholarship programme to offer opportunities to potential awardees to scale up their 

career in the built environment. Sponsorship / Scholarship are provided to students from NTU, 

NUS, ITES/Polytechnic institutes as part of our talent attraction initiatives. The following are the 

initiatives that Soilbuild has taken to promote people development: 

 

i. 

continued to take part in the BCA-Industry Built Environment Undergraduate Scholarship 

programme to offer opportunities to potential awardees to take up a career in the built 

environment; 



1.29 

3.15 

8.24 

5.37 

9.53 

8.52 


 

 

20 

 

ii. 

worked with BCA and academic institutions to offer internship opportunities to students; 

iii. 

initiated a staff mentorship programme with the objectives of attracting, retaining and 

motivating talents. 

 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

 

Table 4 Details on sponsorship / scholarship programme 

 

Undergraduates Sponsorship/Scholarship programme 

FY 2017 

FY 2018 

Sponsorship 

2 

2 

Scholarship 

2 

- 

Total 

4 

2 

 

We believe in keeping people motivated as it directly influences their performance. Every year 

performance assessment is conducted to guide our employees on their strengths and weaknesses 

and provide necessary direction to grow their career paths. We aim to develop our employees to their 

full potential by offering training and staff development, a fair and equitable system and a safe 

working environment. We will continue to provide relevant training and development courses to 

constantly equip our people with key competencies and skills so that they can perform efficiently in 

their current job functions.  

 

 

Figure 11 Total number of new employee hires  

 

 

 

The rate of new employee hires during the reporting period was 19% and 42% (2017 : 4% and 50%) 

in Singapore and Myanmar respectively. Overall, the rate of new employee hires was 22% (2017 : 

8%). At Soilbuild, we put in our best efforts to implement inclusive recruitment practices and 

optimise the use of available labour and talent in different regions. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



60 

31 

33 

118 

27 

149 


 

 

21 

 

Figure 12 Total number of employee turnover  

 

 

 

 

 

The rate of employee turnover during the reporting period was 25% and 23% (2017 : 26% and 27%) 

in Singapore and Myanmar respectively. Overall, the rate of employee turnover was 25% (2017 : 

26%).  The turnover of employees in construction sector is particularly subject to the market and 

economic condition. The turnover in 2018 was in line with the industry norms in respective 

countries. 

 

As part of Soilbuild’s FY 2019 targets, we will continue to implement new programmes to secure 

fresh talent in the Company. As part of our future initiatives, we will explore new participation in 

sponsorship or scholarship programme with educational institutions to bring in young and fresh 

talent into the organisation and ensure our current employees meet technical and functional 

competencies for now and future requirements of the Group's business. The Group will also identify 

opportunities for elderly employees to upskill and continue employment. 

 

 

(c) Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Health and safety at our workplace are of utmost importance to Soilbuild. We manage Quality, 

Environment, Safety and Health effectively by establishing, implementing and maintaining a best 

practice and process oriented integrated management system. 

 

Soilbuild actively promotes work safety and good environmental awareness by continuously 

upgrading the skills of our employees in order to increase their knowledge and efficiency in 

operational safety supervision and management. Planned events like “Safety Time Out” is 

conducted regularly on construction sites. 

 

 

 

 

 

 









204 

17 

18 

156 

186 

173 


 

 

22 

 

 

 

During Safety Time Out, the project teams at Soilbuild take time off from their routine operations 

to take stock and review particular work activities or systems to ensure safe operations. The safety 

officer conducts the training together with the safety team members. Typically, the safety officer 

briefs the workers on the importance and rationale for carrying out the Safety Time Out. Issues like 

near misses are highlighted and various methods are adopted to try to increase workers’ safety 

mindset and awareness.  

Senior management would take the lead and conduct regular site visits to encourage and instill a 

safety culture throughout the organization.  

 

 

Soilbuild has also implemented appropriate procedures and policies to prevent and mitigate the 

spread of communicable diseases for the corporate office and all construction sites. Furthermore, 

we are committed to managing occupational health and safety issues. Preference is given to engage 

OHSAS 18000-certified or bizSAFE-certified vendors/ contractors. Soilbuild has been certified by 

the Workspace Safety and Health Council to have fulfilled the requirements to attain bizSAFE Level 

Star and obtained the OHSAS 18001:2007 certification for the scope of building and civil 

engineering construction services.  

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

 

Soilbuild emphasises on ensuring that a safe work environment for our project team members and 

workers. There has been no workplace fatalities during the reporting period (2017 : Nil). In 

addition, Soilbuild has consistently performed better than the national average in industry safety 

metrics 

 

 (Do we need to show this statistic?) 

We aim to further strengthen our reporting on the key performance indicators relating to 

occupational health and safety of our employees. Soilbuild implements compulsory safety induction 

to educate new staff on the importance of workplace safety and risk management procedures.  

 

We have also started to adopt technology to improve our safety standards on sites. At the moment, 

Soilbuild is working with software and platform providers to develop artificial intelligence to 

recognise unsafe acts on site. There are several projects in the pipeline to help us improve the 

Quality, Safety and Health standards for our people, our partners and our clients.  

 

Our target is to achieve accident-free person-hours for all projects that the Company operates in 

both Singapore and Myanmar markets. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

23 

 

(d) Fair labour and human rights 

 

We recognise that our employees are invaluable to the success of Soilbuild and we place a high 

value on the contribution of each of our employees and continuously work to meet their needs and 

concerns at workplace. This includes engaging our employees so that they feel a sense of belonging 

to the Group, motivating them to take ownership of their roles and responsibilities, respecting the 

need for work-life integration, and paying attention to their well-being. To advance our 

organisation and to meet challenges in the course of our business, we believe in employing right 

people with the right skills and experience to plan and execute projects competently. Our human 

resource strategy and programme are developed to attract new workforce in our organisation and 

industry and to retain competent employees to enhance productivities in our day-to-day 

operations. We are committed to foster a conducive work environment by adhering to rules, 

regulations and guidelines issued relevant authorities. We adopt fair employment practices, 

respect and uphold human rights principles.  

 

To cultivate a strong sense of job satisfaction amongst our employees and to provide opportunities 

for employees to achieve their full potential, we conduct employee performance review on a yearly 

basis. During the performance review, the performance of each employee will be assessed by their 

immediate superior by using a set of key performance indicators based on the core and functional 

competencies. The results of the performance assessment will then be discussed between the 

employee and their immediate superior, whereby the employee’s achievement and their concern, 

area of strengths and weaknesses, training needs and career advancement plan will be agreed upon 

and documented. The performance assessment will then be submitted to senior management for 

endorsement and considered in formulating the Group’s human resource planning. 

 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

During 2018, the Group has taken various health and wellness initiatives to promote closer ties 

among the employees, and their well-being.  

 



 



 

Zumba Fitness Class  

 

                          Soilbuild Charity Walk 

 

 

In the subsequent years, we will roll out a series of health and wellness programmes for all 

employees. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

24 

 

Governance: growth with purpose 

 

In today’s management environment, integrity and ethics have become a demand of the times as well 

as a universal value for all companies. Also, as companies become more exposed and vulnerable to 

disruption and risk factors such as technology advancements and recurrence of design errors, it is 

critical that we continue to improve our quality management system to remain competitive and to 

sustain growth.  

 

(a) Service and Product quality and safety 

 

Soilbuild strives for excellence in all aspects of our operations. This includes consistently delivering 

unmatched service and product quality to our customers, and taking a proactive approach to 

managing environment, health and safety practices. Our customers rely on our brands and 

reputation for safe, high quality services / products that they can trust. We use international 

standards to ensure the quality and safety of our services / products. In this section, we will reflect 

on the periodic assessment of the health and safety impacts of services / products. At Soilbuild, we 

seek to effectively identify, assess and treat all quality &amp; safety related risks associated with 

Soilbuild’s business activities, services and products in a responsible manner. 

 

Soilbuild takes pride and places great emphasis on the quality aspects of all projects. We strongly 

believe in delivering high standards of quality and service levels to our customers which are key to 

maintaining customer satisfaction. 

 

Soilbuild has established the following quality objectives: 

 

i. 

to comply and continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system 

which satisfies all requirements of ISO 9001:2015 standard requirements, or any relevant 

statutory and regulatory, customer or other obligations to which the organisation 

subscribes; 

ii. 

to provide total customer satisfaction and encourage repeated patronage by consistently 

exceeding customers’ expectations with reliable quality works; 

iii. 

to deliver projects on time and operate within an allocated budget; and 

iv. 

to constantly provide training to all staff and provide upgrading of work processes to 

improve our work quality procedure so as to improve efficiency and reduce wastage of 

resources. 

 

As an endorsement of our quality management system, Soilbuild has obtained the ISO 9001:2015 

certification for the scope of building and civil engineering construction services. The attainment of 

the above certification will strengthen our customers’ confidence in the quality of our products and 

services and differentiate us from our competitors who have not attained such certification. 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

 

There have been no incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of our 

products and services in FY2018. Soilbuild’s FY2019 target is to continue to incorporate and 

improve health and safety consideration in our constructions. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

25 

 

 

 

 

Completed Projects in FY 2018 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

(b) Ethics &amp; Anti-corruption 

 

At Soilbuild, our corporate philosophy is to conduct business in a transparent and ethical manner. 

We strongly believe that corruption and fraudulent acts are severe detrimental factors to the 

sustainability of our organisation and society.  In the course of our business, our engagement with 

customers, consultants, sub-contractors, suppliers, business partners and associates, business 

representatives and agents, may expose us to the risk of corruption, fraudulent and unethical 

practises. We have established policies and procedures to prevent such practices. Our policies and 

procedures are communicated to all our employees, customers, consultants, sub-contractors, 

suppliers, business partners and associates, business representatives and agents, as we expect full 

compliance and adherence to our policies and procedures in the business dealings with our Group.  

 

We have established and formalised, as part of our human resource management, Employees’ Code 

of Ethics policy, which sets out the guidelines of acceptable codes of ethics in a workplace. These 

guidelines also include dealing with potential areas of conflict of interest between Soilbuild 

Construction Group Ltd.’s employees, associates, vendors, consultants, suppliers and sub-

contractors. As part of a yearly exercise all staff are required to read and understand the policy and 

complete the Conflict of Interest Declaration form. All employees of the Group are expected to 

observe integrity and professionalism in their course of work by always acting in an honest, fair and 

ethical manner.  

 

The Group’s Employees’ Code of Ethics includes the following aspects: 

✓ Declaration of potential conflicts at the commence of employment and subsequent yearly 

declaration by all employees 

✓ Managing conflicts when receiving gifts from vendors, consultants, suppliers and sub-

contractors 

✓ Entertainment 

✓ Interested person transaction and business with family and friends 

✓ Financial interest in an outside company 

✓ Fraudulent financial reporting 

✓ Asset misappropriation 

✓ Aiding and abetting 

✓ Insider trading and dealings in securities 

✓ Money laundering 

 

The Group’s Code of Ethics policy also cover areas such as Discrimination free and Harassment free 

workplace, Conflict of Interest, Managing Conflicts, Outside Employment, Fraud and Intellectual 

Property.  





HDB, Fern Grove 



HDB, Sun Natura 


 

 

26 

 

 

Soilbuild has a policy on Ethical Legal Responsibilities - Gift and Entertainment Declaration, 

approved by the Executive Chairman and which came into effect from June 2017. The policy applies 

to all full-time and part-time employees, and other persons working for Soilbuild.  Types of gifts 

cover cash or cash equivalent instruments and non-cash gifts with particular estimated commercial 

value. Depending on the type of gifts the necessary procedures and the need for declaration form is 

determined as per the policy.  

The Group have also put in place a whistle-blowing policy to provide employees, vendors, 

consultants, suppliers and sub-contractors with an avenue to raise concerns about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting or other matters, and we believe that arrangements are in place 

for the independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action. A whistle-

blower email address is created for reporting suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or 

other similar matters. Details of the whistle-blowing policies and arrangements have been made 

available to all employees of the Company. All subcontractors will have to sign a Letter of Award 

contracts which whistle blowing policies are attached to.  

 

 

Performance for FY2018 and Target for FY2019 

 

In FY2018, there were no cases of bribery and corruption. 

 

As part of our future initiatives, we will continue to review and improve on internal policy on the 

prevention and management of bribery and corruption within Whistle blowing initiative. Our target 

is to provide training on all ethics and anti-corruption related policies and practices to 100% of our 

employees and ensure the Company meets high levels of standards on anti-corruption. 

 

 

 


 

 

27 

 

GRI Standards Content Index  

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title 

Page number  

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: General 

disclosures 2016 

Organisational profile 

 

 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

3 

 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

5, 6 &amp; 8 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

5  

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

5-6 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

5- 7 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

5- 8 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

15 - 16 

 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

15-18 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

7 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

7 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

12-14 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

8 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

8 

 

Strategy 

 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

 

Ethics and integrity 

 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

5 

 

Governance 

 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

9 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

9-10 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9-10 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

9-10 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

9-10 

 

Reporting practice 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Please refer our 

Annual Report 

2018 

 

102-46 

Defining Report content and topic Boundaries 

11 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

11 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

No changes 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

4 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent Report 

31 December 

2017 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the Report 

4 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

27 

 

102-56 

External assurance 

4 

 

 

Material Topics 

Energy efficiency and management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

12-14 


 

 

28 

 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

12-14 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

12-14 

GRI 302: Energy 

2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

12-14 

Water efficiency and management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

14 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

14 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

14 

GRI 303: Water 

2016 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

14 

Training and development 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

15-19 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

15-19 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

15-19 

GRI 404: Training 

and education 

2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

15-19 

Talent attraction and retention 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

19-21 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

19-21 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

19-21 

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

19-21 

Occupational health &amp; safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

21-22 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

21-22 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

21-22 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

21-22 

Product quality and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

24-25 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

24-25 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

24-25 

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

24-25 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

25-26 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

25-26 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

25-26 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

25-26 

Non GRI: Fair labour and human rights                                                                                                                  23 

 

