
 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

Growing Our Abilities 

Maturing In Strength 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 






 

 

2 

 

 

 

 

Contents 

Board Statement ........................................................................................................................................... 3 

About our Report .......................................................................................................................................... 4 

About Soilbuild Construction Group ............................................................................................................ 5 

Our Sustainability Approach........................................................................................................................ 9 

Environmental performance: resource conservation ................................................................................ 12 

Social performance: collaborating with our employees and wider community ....................................... 17 

Governance: growth with purpose............................................................................................................. 30 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................................................... 33 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 


 

 

3 

 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd. (“Soilbuild”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is 

pleased to issue its third annual sustainability report (the “Sustainability Report 2019” and/or the 

“Report”).  

 

The Sustainability Report 2019, which reflects the Group’s sustainability performance as well as the 

Group’s strategy and vision for the future, is prepared as per the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide 

and in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.  

 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Soilbuild has always been committed to sustainability and fully 

supports the adoption of the SGX sustainability reporting guidelines. The Board oversees the Group’s 

sustainability performance, practices and initiatives and its compliance with SGX guidelines on 

sustainability reporting. As a listed company, we are also committed to compliance with the Code of 

Corporate Governance of Singapore. The Code provides the framework for controls, checks and 

accountabilities and requires the Board to consider sustainability issues in its business decisions. 

Throughout the year, the Board and the management reviewed the Group’s sustainability objectives and 

progress.  

 

 

At Soilbuild, we have a pragmatic approach towards sustainability. We focus on identifying and putting 

into practice initiatives and programs that deliver real-world and lasting benefits to the society. Material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues for the Group are identified and we are 

committed to continue to examine our material issues on year on year basis, with the aim to further 

strengthen our internal sustainability management framework, processes and procedures. 

 

 

We recognise that corporations have a responsibility to deliver responsible products and services. We 

will ensure that sustainability remains a core focus of Soilbuild and would like to thank the management 

and employees for their help in the preparation of this report. 

 

 

 

 

Lim Chap Huat 

Executive Chairman 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

4 

 

 

 

About our Report 

 

The Sustainability Report 2019 presents the annual sustainability performance of the Group which 

primarily includes the material Environmental, Social and Governance aspects of our business 

operations for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). The Report has been 

prepared in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. The reporting boundary 

includes the Group’s operations in Singapore, Myanmar and Malaysia. The entities have been selected 

on the basis of our level of control and nature of operational activities, and therefore, the Report has 

excluded the performance data of the Group’s joint ventures.  

 

The Group have commenced its precast and prefabrication business in 2019. Correspondingly, we have 

included the precast and prefabrication business within the scope of reporting in FY2019 for the first 

time. 

 

Data presented in this Report has been sourced directly from the operations included within the 

reporting boundary. This Report covers material issues for Group’s operating subsidiaries as shown in 

the section Our Sustainability Approach.  For any further queries and suggestion related to this Report 

or Soilbuild’s sustainability initiatives, please reach out to us at sbcg_ir@soilbuild.com. 

 

The GRI Standards Content Index is included at the end of the Report. We have not obtained any 

independent assurance of the information being reported this year, but will continue to strengthen our 

reporting processes, and consider obtaining independent assurance in future. 

 

 

 


 

 

5 

 

 

About Soilbuild Construction Group 

 

Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd. is a leading builder with a long and successful track record of 

constructing a sterling award-winning portfolio of residential and business space properties. Since its 

inception in 1976, Soilbuild charts over 40 years of success in offering a full spectrum of real estate 

services which includes Design and Build, Construction, Turnkey Construction, Project Management 

Consultancy, Procurement and Mechanical &amp; Electrical Installation. Soilbuild is a publicly held 

company headquartered in Singapore and is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. Our track record 

in public sector projects puts us in good stead as we compete in tenders by the local public agencies 

including the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) and Land Transport Authority (“LTA”). 

Projects in which we acted as the main contractor have achieved building excellence in winning several 

architectural and environment awards over the years. 

 

In 2015, the Group was awarded the concept and price tender for the development of an Integrated 

Construction and Precast Hub (“ICPH”). In the ICPH, highly automated manufacturing processes has 

been adopted to offer precast solutions to the built environment sector. The construction works for the 

ICPH was completed in 2018 and the Group’s prefabricated and precast division commenced operations 

in 2019 and successfully completed its maiden delivery of certain precast products to customers in the 

second quarter ended 30 June 2019. In 2018, the Group completed a transaction to acquire 100% 

interest in Precast Concrete Builders Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Sembcorp EOSM Pte. Ltd.) and its 

subsidiaries (the “Acquisition”). Through this Acquisition, the Group gained strategic ownership of 

manufacturing facilities for precast concrete components in Johor, Malaysia. 

 

The Group is ramping up the production, in both the Group’s ICPH and Malaysia plants, for the secured 

orders from customers, while actively seeking to secure new orders. The Group has initiated its 

expansion plans for its manufacturing facilities located in Johor, Malaysia which is expected to be 

completed in 2020. 

 

 

 

Our values 

 

Our core values keep the inner workings of our brand in check. They shape our culture and define our 

beliefs and practices. 

 

INTEGRITY  

Always be forthright, doing the right thing and not cutting corners. 

 

MAKE IT HAPPEN 

Determination to bring projects to fruition, regardless of the challenge. 

 

PROFESSIONAL  

Keeping to standards and engaging customers in a practical, professional manner and tone. 

 

AGILITY  

Agility and flexibility to move and change quickly based on market conditions and needs. 

 

CUSTOMER-CENTRICITY  

Always close to the market to understand their needs by giving them practical solutions; thus 

empowering and enabling organisations and individuals to go further. 

 

THINK AHEAD  

Updated and well-informed. 




 

 

6 

 

Our operations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our multi-disciplinary capabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Geographic presence 

 

 

Soilbuild Entities 

Location 

Soil-Build (Pte.) Ltd. 

Singapore 

SB Procurement Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

Soilbuild Construction Engineering Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

Soilbuild E&amp;C Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

Soilbuild Construction International Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

Precast Concrete Pte. Ltd.  

Singapore 

Precast Concrete Builders Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

PrecastConcrete Builder (India) Private Limited  

India 

Precast Concrete (Pontian) Sdn. Bhd. 

Malaysia 

Precast Concrete (M) Sdn. Bhd. 

Malaysia 

Soilbuild (Myanmar) Co., Ltd. 

Myanmar 

Soilbuild Construction (Myanmar) Co., Ltd. 

Myanmar 

Soilbuild (Thilawa) Company Limited   

Myanmar 

 

 



Construction 



contracts

Precast 

concrete 

and PPVC



Project 



management 



service 



contracts






 

 

7 

 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

The group have a basic supply chain structure, where the lead company forms a series of relationship 

with companies that buy and sell supplies from each other. Our principal activities and the place of 

incorporation and operation are represented below: 

 

Principal activities 

Place of incorporation and 

operation 

Number of 

Subsidiaries 

2019 

2018 

Building contractors 

Singapore 

3 

3 

Construction and procurement 

services 

Singapore/Myanmar 

3 

3 

Precast and PPVC 

Singapore/Malaysia/India 

5 

5 

Manufacturing of construction 

materials 

Myanmar 

1 

1 

Investment holdings 

Singapore 

1 

1 

 

 

13 

13 

 




 

 

8 

 

The Group is well positioned to deliver regionally across Singapore, Malaysia and Myanmar. The Group 

recognises the importance of establishing resilient relationships with business partners and local 

authorities to keep abreast changes in statutory and regulatory requirements in the countries we operate 

in. Internally, the Group have invested in training and sharing sessions for employees to be updated 

with the latest regulatory changes and the potential impact these changes may have. This supports our 

efforts to prevent any non-compliance with regulatory requirements in the businesses. We are a 

statutory member of Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”) and full corporate member of Access 

Solution Industry Association (f.k.a. Access &amp; Scaffold Industry Association) (“ASIA”). The Group's 

internal auditors conduct an annual review of the effectiveness of the Group's material internal controls, 

including internal financial, operational and compliance controls.  

 

Figure 1 Key strengths and value proposition 

 

For 2020, arising from the coronavirus outbreak that has spread rapidly around the world, the economy 

of many countries, including countries that Soilbuild operates in, are generally expected to contract, 

with some potentially pushed into recession. The increasing uncertainties and downside risks in the 

global economy, mainly contributed by COVID-19 situation, has led and will continue to lead to 

weakening business sentiments and consumer confidence. We are expecting the demand for 

construction works in the near term to be affected and correspondingly, competition in tender for new 

construction contracts will intensify with tighter margins. 

 

While Soilbuild operates in a highly competitive market, we will continue to adopt a strategic approach 

in our tender bids. To strengthen our core business and enhance returns, we will focus on a) investing 

in productivity improvements, b) further developing our position in the public housing sector and c) 

strengthening our position as a key and reliable supplier for precast and prefabricated building 

components. In tandem with these efforts, Soilbuild will continue to review the overall cost structure 

and remain disciplined in capital management.  

 

 




 

 

9 

 

Our Sustainability Approach 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

Organisation-wide sustainability agenda is led by sustainability team headed by our Chief Executive 

Officer with guidance from the Board.  The team initiates, drives, and monitors various aspects of our 

sustainability practices, to ensure effective integration of Environmental, Social and Governance 

initiatives into our business operations and corporate objectives. 

 

Figure 2 Group’s sustainability governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

Stakeholders are defined as groups of people or entities that are directly or indirectly influenced by our 

business operations and outcomes, or that can significantly influence our businesses. Feedback from 

our key stakeholder groups forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, and is viewed as 

a valuable insight for the Group to continuously improve our sustainability performance. 

 

Through internal discussion and review with external consultants, key stakeholder groups are identified 

across the entire value chain and each stage of our business life cycle. Engagements with key stakeholder 

groups are planned annually. 

 

Understanding the stakeholders’ concerns and expectations is an essential part of Soilbuild’s 

sustainability approach. Through regular formal and informal engagements, we develop mutually 

beneficial relationships with our stakeholders. As part of our stakeholder engagement process, we 

identified the following key stakeholder groups:    

• Customers (project owners and developers) 



Board of Directors 



Chief Executive Officer 



Environment 

 

1.

Energy efficiency and 

management 

2.

Water efficiency and 

management 



Social 

 

1.

Training and development 

2.

Occupational health and 

safety 

3.

Talent attraction and 

development 

4.

Fair labour and human 

rights 



Economic 

 

1.

Product quality and safety 

2.

Anti-corruption 



Core values 

Integrity | Make It Happen | Professional | Agility | Customer-centricity | Think Ahead  



Quantity 

Surveyor 



Human 

Resources 



Health &amp; 

Safety 



Risk and 

Compliance 



Sustainability Team 



Project Teams 


 

 

10 

 

• Employees  

• Suppliers &amp; Sub-contractors 

• Shareholders &amp; Investors 

• Community   

• Government &amp; Regulators 

Engagements with Key Stakeholder Groups in 2019 

 

We are committed to expand our stakeholders’ engagement methods and use the subsequent output in 

our future disclosures. Soilbuild’s senior management is very much determined to continuously 

improve upon sustainability performance and devotes pre-decided time for the same by engaging with 

key stakeholder groups. The followings are our key stakeholders’ topics and concerns raised, and our 

engagement mechanism: 

 

Figure 3 Stakeholder engagement mechanism 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Stakeholder 



Key 

Topics/Concerns 



Engagement Mechanism 



Customers 



Safety, quality and 

site progress on 

schedule 



Regular customer survey and engagement activities were 

conducted to measure customer satisfaction and collect feedback  

 



•

Employee survey conducted on an annual basis to measure 

the level of employee engagement 

•

Monthly management meetings held to discuss day-to-day 

operation issues 

•

Risk management meetings eld quarterly to discuss 

summary of operation issues 

•

Annual budget meetings conducted to communicate the 

Group’s strategy and policy changes 

•

Orientation conducted for new employees to familiarise 

them with the Group’s management team 

•

Newsletters were circulated to keep employees abreast of 

the Group’s new developments 

 



Personal 

development, 

career 

advancement 



Employees 



•

Safety briefings conducted regularly for staff and 

contractors working on site 

•

Annual review of suppliers / sub-contractors to evaluate 

their performance and raise feedback or concern 



Safety, compliance, 

site progress on 

schedule 



Suppliers and 

sub-

contractors 



•

Shareholders are kept abreast of Soilbuild's key 

developments through press releases and annual reports 

•

Annual General Meetings and investor meetings are 

conducted to engage our shareholders and investors in two-

way communications 

 



•

Keep abreast of new policies, regulations and guidelines 

launched and implemented by government and regulators 

•

Comply with and continually improve the effectiveness of 

the quality management system which satisfies all ISO 

9001:2015 standards requirements, or any relevant 

statutory and regulatory body such as Building &amp; 

Construction Authority, Ministry of Manpower, National 

Environment Agency etc. 

•

Meeting with community and addressing their concerns 

 



Economic and 

industry trends, 

Group 

performance 



Shareholders 

and investors 



Contributing and 

caring our 

community and 

environment, 

adoption of best 

practices and 

compliance with 

regulations 



Government, 

regulators 

and 

community 


 

 

11 

 

Materiality assessment 

 

Materiality is a critical input into our corporate sustainability strategy because it ensures we provide 

our stakeholders with the sustainability information most relevant to them and our business. To 

determine this, we conduct formal materiality assessment on a regular basis. In 2019, we have revisited 

our materiality assessments for three regions: Singapore, Myanmar and Malaysia. The assessment 

process included interviews with internal stakeholders such as employees and management and 

internal workshops, to identify the most material sustainability issues. The boundary of material topics 

is restricted to our operations in Singapore, Myanmar and Malaysia and to our business partners 

comprising contractors, subcontractors and suppliers. 

 

Soilbuild adopted a systematic four-step approach in determining the material topics for our operations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To illustrate degree of importance to internal and external stakeholders, the material aspects have been 

plotted on a materiality matrix. Figure below provides an overview of our material topics. 

 

 

 







 







Importance to Soilbuild's stakeholders 







Importance to Soilbuild's business 







Community involvement 

Responsible supply chain 

Environmental compliance 







Data privacy 

Materials Management 

Waste management 

Diversity &amp; Inclusion 







Our Material Topics 

1.

Energy efficiency and management 

2.

Water efficiency and management 

3.

Training and development 

4.

Occupational health and safety 

5.

Talent attraction and development 

6.

Fair labour and human rights 

7.

Product quality and safety 

8.

Ethics &amp; Anti-corruption 







Economic performance 

Customer Satisfaction 

Identification

•Sustainability team 

shortlists 

sustainability issues 

and sustainability 

topics that are 

relevant to 

stakeholders from a 

issues universe and 

GRI Standards 

respectively. 

Prioritisation

•Material issues are 

grouped under the 

shortlisted GRI 

Material topics.

•Through discussion 

and analysis, the 

topics are ranked in 

relation to the 

significance of their 

ESG impact and 

based on 

stakeholders’ 

concern.

Validation

•The list of ranked 

material topics is 

circulated to Senior 

Management for 

feedback and to 

ensure completeness 

and relevance of 

topics selected.

Review

•The Sustainability 

team re-examines 

the material topics in 

relation to the 

feedback obtained to 

prepare for 

reporting.


 

 

12 

 

Environmental performance: resource conservation  

 

As an organisation that is committed to sustained growth and shared value creation, we adopt 

responsible practices across our supply chain. These are encapsulated in the various policies which 

govern our business practices and environment stewardship.  

 

(a) Energy efficiency and management 

 

Soilbuild believes in building a greener future and creating a friendlier environment for all our 

stakeholders by minimising the usage of natural resources and the waste in our business operations. 

We have implemented an environmental management system to identify and manage 

environmental of our business operations. These aspects are managed by setting targets and 

implementing programmes to achieve these targets. As an endorsement of our environmental 

management system, Soilbuild has obtained the ISO 14001:2015 certification for the scope of 

building and civil engineering construction services, as well as ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 

and ISO 9001:2015 certification for design, manufacture and supply of precast concrete products. 

 

Soilbuild has been awarded “BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award” in recognition of its efforts 

in promoting environment protection and gracious practices during the construction phase of 

projects. In 2019, Soilbuild also received award in its Digital BIM Technology adoption for its efforts 

in promoting energy-efficiency in the construction technology and processes.  

 

We believe improvements in energy efficiency will enable our Company to reduce cost and improve 

overall operational efficiency. Integrating energy efficiency considerations into the design and 

construction of our assets can also help to reduce the energy usage (and electricity costs) of our 

customers. Through various operational measures, we maximise energy efficiency across key 

business units and at different stages in the building’s lifecycle. At Soilbuild we have diesel-use 

policy which ensures efficient use of diesel in operations such as in cranes, welding machine, diesel 

generators and air-conditioners. 

 

Examples of on-going energy initiatives are: 

 

Table 1 Energy management initiatives at Soilbuild 

 

Energy Initiatives 

✓ Monitoring and analysing energy usage in construction sites for all projects under construction 

for any abnormality and immediate rectification 

✓ Implementing various measures to reduce energy consumption, including using energy efficient 

equipment with the Energy Star logo 

✓ Using energy efficient lightings and green label photocopiers in the site offices 

 

Soilbuild’s commitment to environmental stewardship is to minimise negative environmental 

impact as well as to constantly educate employees on sustainability. We apply the precautionary 

principle to our environment management to ensure that we minimise any impact on the 

environment and related risks to the organisation. As a growing company, we know our footprint is 

expanding, so we use strategies and practices to gain operational efficiencies, thereby reducing 

energy and water consumption, emissions and waste. At Soilbuild, employees are encouraged to 

promote energy and fuel efficiency to reduce carbon emissions.  

 

The Group’s ICPH was completed in 2018. During the design and construction phase of the ICPH, 

the Group have taken various measures and consideration to incorporate green features into the 

building. These measures and considerations include (i) the use of energy saving LED lighting for 

offices, production areas and dormitory, (ii) double glazed gloss used for all fenestration to reduce 

solar heat gain, (iii) sustainable products with recycled content used during construction, (iv) use 

of efficient air-con system, (v) use of energy-efficient features and environmental friendly products, 

(vi) use of water-efficient fittings and etc. The Group’s ICPH was awarded ‘BCA Green Mark Award 

– Gold” by the BCA. 

 


 

 

13 

 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

The energy consumption has increased in 2019, mainly due to the commencement of operations of 

the prefabrication and precast division. Nevertheless, the Group has continuously held campaigns 

at various construction sites to inculcate and raise green awareness to all employees working at the 

sites. In addition, the Group is currently in active discussion with a few power-supply retailors to 

explore options to promote green energy, including plans to equip our ICPH with solar panels. 

 

Table 2 Energy consumption at Soilbuild  

 

Energy use &amp; 

efficiency 

Unit 

FY 2018 

Performance 

FY 2019 

Performance 

FY 2020 Target 

Electricity 

consumption 

MWh 

1,386 

2,295 

To initiate at least one new 

energy 

(electricity) 

consumption 

reduction 

initiative and measure the 

resulting 

outcome 

 

and 

continue to set campaigns to 

raise awareness of energy 

saving 

Diesel 

consumption 

m3 

1,281 

1,129 

 

Figure 4.1 Energy – Electricity consumption (MWh) by region 

Construction segment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

14 

 

 

Figure 5.2 Energy – Electricity consumption (MWh) by region 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

Figure 6.1 Energy – Diesel consumption (m3) by region 

Construction segment 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

15 

 

Figure 7.2 Energy – Diesel consumption (m3) by region 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

Soilbuild has identified energy management as key focus areas towards improving its operational 

efficiency. With progressive asset enhancement initiatives, Soilbuild successfully reduced the diesel 

consumption in construction segment by 206 m3 in FY2019 as compared to the previous reporting 

period. We will continue to monitor energy consumption of our construction projects and 

prefabrication and precast processes, and seek to improve on our practices to enhance energy use 

efficiency.  

 

(b) Water efficiency and management 

At Soilbuild we are conscious of the increasing scarcity of water and aim to further strengthen our 

water management policies. Both water quantity and quality are important aspects of water 

management. From sustaining agriculture and food chain, water is required in all industrial plants 

and commercial operations. Drought conditions which are attributable to climate change is already 

causing acute water shortages in large parts of Asia and in the rest of the world. A large percentage 

of manufacturing and industrial operations which are dependent on freshwater are located in water 

scarce regions such as Southeast Asia and other areas where local communities lack access to reliable 

and affordable drinking water. These regions are also most susceptible to climate change impacts on 

water resources.  We recognise the vital role the provision of a sustainable water supply plays in 

Singapore, Malaysia and Myanmar, which is critical for our own future prosperity and development. 

 

At Soilbuild we acknowledge the significant operational benefits that arise from a strategic approach 

to water management. We are cautious on water consumption and believe water use efficiency is 

beneficial for business as well for environment and society at large. Water savings equipment and 

processes are encouraged across Soilbuild’s operations. Employees are well informed on the issues 

relating to water scarcity and are advised to reduce water consumption across operations. At 

Soilbuild, treated water is used for multiple purposes such as for cleaning vehicles and construction 

sites, and other activities. 

 

Table 3 Water management initiatives at Soilbuild 

 

Water Initiatives 

✓ Monitoring and analysing water usage in construction sites for all projects under construction. 

✓ Using rainwater or recycled water to wash vehicles before they leave the construction sites, and 

using recycled water for washing before casting. Water saving devices like thimbles in taps are 

also installed wherever possible in our project sites and our corporate office.  




 

 

16 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

Total water consumption for both construction projects and prefabrication and precast operations 

was 122,294 m3 during 2019 (2018 : 64,309 m3). The increase in water consumption in 2019 is 

mainly due to the commencement of operations of the prefabrication and precast division. At 

Myanmar construction sites, water is extracted from tube wells, which is allowed within Yangon City 

Development Committee (“YCDC”) legislation for construction project sites with no charges. The 

measurement of water consumption was undeterminable due to lack of data. For our 2020 targets, 

we aim to reduce our water consumption across the key operational activities using innovative water 

efficiency and reduction measures. We will continue to monitor our water consumption of our 

construction projects and prefabrication and precast operations and promote water efficiency 

initiatives. 

 

Figure 6.1 Energy – Water consumption (m3) by region 

Construction segment 

 

Figure 6.2 Energy – Water consumption (m3) by region 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 






 

 

17 

 

Social performance: collaborating with our 

employees and wider community 

 

We recognise that our employees are invaluable to the success of our Group. We are committed to 

cultivating a balanced work-life environment for all our employees, as well as to developing the new 

workforce in our industry. 

 

(a) 

Training and development   

 

The Group signed ‘The Pledge for a Better Built Environment Workplace” developed by the BCA 

and Construction Industry Joint Committee in demonstrating the Group’s full support to 

transform the built environment sector into a workplace of choice for our local young talents as 

well as retaining existing talents within the sector. By signing the pledge, we are committed to 

adopt good human resource practices by bringing about more conducive work environment and 

better employee management.   

 

We offer training to assist employees in achieving a higher level of competency and safety 

standards, in order to further enhance the quality of our services and products. Such training 

also aims to build a well-motivated, stable workforce with a high level of team work. A key 

objective of training is to develop competencies which would enable our employees to perform 

their current or future jobs successfully. All our training programmes are geared towards the 

following objectives: 

 

i) 

strengthening the job skills and knowledge of employees; 

ii) 

improving operational efficiency and productivity; and 

iii) 

developing and maximising the potential of employees, to the mutual benefit of 

Soilbuild and their own respective selves. 

 

Figure 7.1 Total employees at Soilbuild (as on 31 December) 

Construction segment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

18 

 

Figure 7.2 Total employees at Soilbuild (as on 31 December) 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

Figure 8.1 Distribution of employees by functions  

Construction segment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

19 

 

 

 

Figure 8.1 Distribution of employees by functions  

Construction segment  

 

 

Note: 

a) 

Management including Company directors and all working directors 

b) 

Professional or technical shall include all HQ or Site engineers who have academic qualification and/or technical experience relating to construction 

c) 

Executives shall include all HQ or Site staff who have academic qualification not relating to construction, but holding degrees or diploma in other fields 

d) 

Non-executives or workers shall include all the rest as well as foreign workers 

 

Figure 8.2 Distribution of employees by functions  

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

 

Note: 

a) 

Management including Company directors and all working directors 

b) 

Professional or technical shall include all employees who have academic qualification and/or technical experience relating to prefabrication and precast 

operations, such as engineers and quantity surveyors 

c) 

Executives shall include all administrative employees who have academic qualifications not relating to prefabrication and precast operations, but hold all other 

degrees or diploma, such as finance and human resources personnel 

d) 

Non-executives or workers shall include all the rest as well as foreign workers 

 






 

 

20 

 

Figure 9.1 Distribution of employees by age group 

Construction segment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

21 

 

Figure 9.2 Distribution of employees by age group 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

As on 31 December 2019, total numbers of employees at Soilbuild are 740 (2018: 679). We have a 

diverse mix of employees across various age groups. In order to build more gender inclusive work 

environment, we aim to further improve gender diversity across various levels in the organisation.  

 

 

Figure 10.1 Distribution of employees by gender  

Construction segment 

 

 






 

 

22 

 

Figure 10.1 Distribution of employees by gender  

Construction segment 

 

 

 

 

Figure 10.2 Distribution of employees by gender  

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

23 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

 

Below figure presents the key performance indicators relating to training and development of our 

employees. Total employees mean all personnel in Group's payroll, including workers; and Training 

include all external trainings or seminars registered, and in-house trainings. 

 

Figure 11.1 Training hours per employee 

Construction segment 

 

 

Figure 11.2 Training hours per employee 

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 






 

 

24 

 

At Soilbuild, potential employees are groomed for next generation leaders. Competency building 

trainings for the next level such as project managers are provided. We develop training plans based 

on career development plan for middle management. We also provide mentor guiding program for 

selected potential deserving candidates. Soilbuild also encourages and where appropriate, arranges 

for training courses to supplement and keep directors updated on areas such as accounting, legal and 

industry-specific knowledge. Soilbuild is responsible for funding the training of directors. The 

directors are also kept updated on revisions to relevant laws and regulations through presentations 

and workshops organised by the Management. The Board supports directors receiving further 

relevant training in connection with their duties, particularly on relevant new laws and regulations.  

At Soilbuild, we believe in providing trainings based on need and strength assessment to all eligible 

employees. As part of our FY 2020 ESG targets, we aim to roll-out new training programme for all 

employees, as well as professional conversion programme and new leadership course for managers 

and above. 

 

(b) Talent Attraction and Retention 

 

In the current competitive landscape, talent attraction and retention remain a key concern for 

Soilbuild. Soilbuild is committed to develop human capital and industry talent in the built 

environment through various programmes. 

 

To build a healthy talent pipeline in preparing for the Group’s continuous business expansion, we 

have been participating in the BCA – Industry Build Environment Undergraduates 

Sponsorship/Scholarship programme to offer opportunities to potential awardees to scale up their 

career in the built environment. Sponsorships or scholarship are provided to students from NTU, 

NUS, ITES/Polytechnic institutes as part of our talent attraction initiatives. The following are the 

initiatives that Soilbuild has taken to promote people development: 

 

i) 

to take part in the BCA-Industry Built Environment Undergraduate Scholarship 

programme to offer opportunities to potential awardees to take up a career in the built 

environment; 

ii) 

worked with BCA and academic institutions to offer internship opportunities to students; 

and 

iii) 

initiated a staff mentorship programme with the objectives of attracting, retaining and 

motivating talents. 

 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

 

Table 4 Details on sponsorship / scholarship programme 

 

Undergraduates Sponsorship/Scholarship programme 

FY 2018 

FY 2019 

Sponsorship 

2 

- 

Scholarship 

- 

- 

Trainee 

- 

2 

Total 

2 

2  

 

 

We believe in keeping people motivated as it directly influences their performance. Every year 

performance assessment is conducted to guide our employees on their strengths and weakness and 

provide necessary direction to grow their career. We develop our employees to their full potential by 

offering training and staff development, a fair and equitable system and a safe working environment. 

We will continue to provide relevant training and development courses to constantly equip our 

people with key competencies and skills so that they can perform efficiently in their current job 

functions.  

 

 


 

 

25 

 

As part of Soilbuild’s FY 2020 targets, we will continue to implement new programmes to secure 

fresh talent in the Company. As part of our future initiatives, we will explore new participation in 

sponsorship or scholarship programme with educational institutions to bring in young and fresh 

talent into the organisation and ensure our current employees meet technical and functional 

competencies to fulfil the current and future requirements of the Group's business. The Group will 

also identify opportunities for senior employees to upskill and continue employment. 

 

Figure 82.1 Total number of new employee hires  

Construction segment 

 

 

Figure 92.2 Total number of new employee hires  

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 






 

 

26 

 

The rate of new employee hires during the reporting period was 21% and 3% (2018 : 20% and 39%) 

in Singapore and Myanmar respectively in construction segment; and 56% and 90% in Singapore 

and Malaysia respectively in prefabrication and precast segment during FY2019. Overall, the rate 

of new employee hires was 19% (2018 : 22%) in construction segment and 66% in prefabrication 

and precast segment during FY2019. At Soilbuild, we put in efforts to implement inclusive 

recruitment practices and optimise use of available labour and talent in different regions. 

 

Figure 13.1 Total number of employee turnover  

Construction segment 

 

 

Figure 13.2 Total number of employee turnover  

Prefabrication and precast segment 

 

 






 

 

27 

 

The rate of employee turnover during the reporting period was 31% and 24% (2018 : 26.0% and 

23%) in Singapore and Myanmar respectively in construction segment; and 16% and 24% in 

Singapore and Malaysia respectively in prefabrication and precast segment during FY2019. Overall, 

the rate of employee turnover was 30% (2018 : 25%) in construction segment; and 18% in 

prefabrication and precast segment during FY2019.  The turnover of employees in construction 

sector is particularly subject to the market and economic condition. The turnover in 2019 was in 

line with the industry norms in respective countries. 

 

In 2020, Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) accepted Soilbuild ‘s written proposal (CED 

Journey) which describes its goals and plan to achieve the values Soilbuild intends to create, as well 

as how it will go about doing so over the next 3 years to build up its construction engineering 

capability by the adoption of Design for Manufacturing and Assembly (DfMA) technologies through 

a detailed implementation plan. Being part of the BCA CED programme will enhance our ability to 

attract and retain talents, and also allows us to tap on certain CED Incentives schemes for BCA- 

approved CED projects e.g. Specialist Consultant Incentive and Enhance Specialist Consultant 

Incentive. 

 

 

(c) Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Health and safety at our workplace are of utmost importance to Soilbuild. We manage Quality, 

Environment, Safety and Health effectively by establishing, implementing and maintaining a best 

practice and process oriented integrated management system. 

 

Soilbuild is actively promoting work safety and good environmental awareness by continuously 

upgrading the skills of our employees in order to increase their knowledge and efficiency in 

operational safety supervision and management. Planned events like “The Safety Time Out” are 

conducted regularly on construction sites, as well as precast plants. The Safety Time Out is an on-

going event initiated by the Workplace Safety and Health Council. The key objective of this event is 

to increase awareness of the workers on individual hazards and demonstrate the consequence of 

poor housekeeping. 

 

 

 

 

During Safety Time Out, Soilbuild employees take time off from their routine operations to take 

stock and review particular work activity or system to ensure safe operations. The WSH officer 

conducts the training together with the safety team members. Firstly, the WSH officer briefs the 

workers on the reason for carrying a Safety Time Out and explains the near miss that were captured 

regularly. After which, the safety team member enacts the scenario based on the common findings. 

Through this enactment, workers’ awareness will be increased. At the same time, they become more 

conscious of their surrounding when they work.  

Soilbuild adopts the Carrot and Stick Approach in promoting safety awareness at sites. The 

Management would take time to conduct site visits and would take the project team to task should 

there be any safety lapses. On the other hand, the Management would also reward project team 

members, suppliers and contractors should the team manage to maintain a good safety record 

during the project timeline. 






 

 

28 

 

 

 

 

Soilbuild has also implemented appropriate procedures and policies to prevent and mitigate the 

spread of communicable diseases for the corporate office, construction sites and precast plants. 

Furthermore, Soilbuild is committed to managing occupational health and safety issues. Preference 

is given to engage OHSAS 18000-certified or bizSAFE-certified vendors/ contractors. Soilbuild has 

been certified by the Workspace Safety and Health Council to have fulfilled the requirements to 

attain bizSAFE Level Star and obtained the OHSAS 18001:2007 certification for the scope of 

building and civil engineering construction services; and Green Concrete FL50H 022-146-3335 and 

SSEN206 – Ready-Mixed Concrete Certification for the prefabrication and precast operations. 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

 

Soilbuild pays a lot of emphasis on ensuring that work environment is safe for workers. There have 

been no workplace fatalities during the reporting period (2018 : Nil). In additional, Soilbuild have 

performed better than the national’s average for Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) in FY2019. For 

2019, our Accident Severity Rate (ASR) of 88 and AFR of 3.8, compared with the national average 

of 115 (ASR) and 1.5 (AFR) respectively. 

 

We aim to further strengthen our reporting on the key performance indicators relating to 

occupational health and safety of our employees. Soilbuild implements compulsory safety induction 

to educate new staff on the importance of workplace safety and risk management procedures.  

 

Soilbuild have embarked on technological route to improve the safety standards on sites. There are 

several projects in the pipeline to improve the Quality, Safety and Health standards for our people, 

our partners and our clients.  

 

Our target is to achieve accident-free person-hours for all projects that the Company operates in 

both Singapore and Myanmar markets. 

 

 

(d) Fair labour and human rights 

 

We recognise that our employees are invaluable to the success of Soilbuild and we place a high 

value on the contribution of each of our employees and continuously work to meet their needs and 

concerns at workplace. This includes engaging our employees so that they feel a sense of belonging 

to the Group, motivating them to take ownership of their roles and responsibilities, respecting the 

need for work-life integration, and paying attention to their well-being. To advance our 

organisation and to meet challenges in the course of our business, we believe in employing right 

people with the right skill and experience to plan and execute projects competently. Our human 

resource strategy and programme are developed to attract new workforce in our organisation and 

industry and to retain competent employees to enhance productivities in our day-to-day 

operations. We are committed to foster a conducive work environment by adhering to rules, 

regulations and guidelines issued by relevant authorities. We adopt fair employment practices, 

respect and uphold human rights principles.  

 

To cultivate a strong sense of job satisfaction amongst our employees and to provide opportunities 

for employees to achieve their full potential, we conduct employee performance review annually. 

During the performance review, the performance of each employee will be assessed by their 






 

 

29 

 

immediate superior by using a set of key performance indicators based on the core and functional 

competencies. The results of the performance assessment will then be discussed between the 

employee and their immediate superior, whereby the employee’s achievement and their concern, 

area of strength and weakness, training and career advancement plan will be agreed upon and 

documented. The performance assessment will then be submitted to Senior Management for 

endorsement and will be considered in the formulation of the Group’s human resource planning. 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

During 2019, the Group have taken various health and wellness, as well as caring initiatives to 

promote closer ties among the employees, and their well-being.  

 

 

 

Yoga Class 

 

 

Soilbuild Charity Walk 

 

Besides the Soilbuild Charity Walk, Soilbuild also participated in a charity event, making 

contribution/donation to the children from Mountbatten Vocational School (f.k.a. Vocational 

School for the Handicapped). Soilbuild employees bought the Christmas gifts as stated in the 

children’s wish list and sent these gifts to them to bring them joy during the festive session. 

 

Amid the COVID-19 outbreak, Temasek Foundation announced an initiative to distribute 500ml 

of free zero-alcohol hand sanitizer to every Singapore household in March 2020. Soilbuild 

participated in this meaningful initiative – 109 of our site construction workers volunteered at each 

of the 109 community centres island-wide to help in the dispensation of the sanitizer and other 

general tasks. We are proud of our volunteer representatives who were able to response to the 

needs of our society. 

 

 

Soilbuild to help in dispensation of the sanitizers 

 

 

 














 

 

30 

 

Soilbuild also extended assistance to other region, including donations made in conjunction with 

Donation Ceremony of COVID-19 organised by Ministry of Health and Sports in Myanmar. 

 

 

Director, Myanmar operations giving away donation  

 

In the subsequent years, we will roll out a series of health and wellness programmes for all 

employees, while actively fulfilling our social responsibilities. 

 

Governance: growth with purpose 

 

In today’s management environment, integrity and ethics have become a demand of the times as well 

as a universal value for all companies. Also, as companies become more exposed and vulnerable to risk 

factors such as technology advancements and recurrence of design errors, it is critical that we continue 

to improve our quality management system to remain competitive and to sustain growth.  

 

(a) Service and Product quality and safety 

 

Soilbuild strives for excellence in all aspects of our operations. This includes consistently delivering 

unmatched service and product quality to our customers, and taking a proactive approach to 

managing environment, health and safety practices. Our customers rely on our brands and 

reputation for safe, high quality services / products that they can trust. We use international 

standards to ensure the quality and safety of our services / products. In this section, we will reflect 

on the periodic assessment of the health and safety impacts of services / products. At Soilbuild, we 

seek to effectively identify, assess and treat all quality &amp; safety related risks associated with 

Soilbuild’s business activities, services and products in a responsible manner. 

 

Soilbuild takes pride and places great emphasis on the quality aspects of all projects. We strongly 

believe in delivering high standards of quality and service levels to our customers which are key to 

maintaining customer satisfaction. 

 

Soilbuild has established the following quality objectives: 

 

i. 

to comply and continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system 

which satisfies all ISO 9001:2015 standard requirements, or any relevant statutory and 

regulatory, customer or other obligations to which the organisation subscribes; 

ii. 

to provide total customer satisfaction and encourage repeated patronage by consistently 

exceeding customers’ expectations with reliable quality works; 

iii. 

to deliver projects on time and operate within an allocated budget; and 

iv. 

to constantly provide training to all staff and upgrade work processes to improve our work 

quality procedure so as to improve efficiency and reduce wastage of resources. 

 

As an endorsement of our quality management system, Soilbuild has obtained the ISO 9001:2015 

certification for the scope of building and civil engineering construction services. The attainment of 

the above certification will strengthen our customers’ confidence in the quality of our products and 

services and differentiate us from our competitors who have not attained such certification. 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

31 

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

There have been no significant incident concerning the health and safety impacts of our products 

and services in FY2019. Soilbuild’s FY2020 target is to continue to incorporate and improve health 

and safety consideration in our construction projects, as well as in the prefabrication and precast 

operations. 

 

Completed Projects in FY 2019 

 

 

28 Wilkinson Road 

 

 

                        40 Wilkinson Road 

 

 

 

164 Kallang Way 

 

 

 

 171 Kallang Way 

 

 

(b) Ethics &amp; Anti-corruption 

 

At Soilbuild, our corporate philosophy is to conduct business in a transparent and ethical manner. 

We strongly believe that corruption and fraudulent acts are severe detrimental factors to the 

sustainability of our organisation and society.  In the course of our business, our engagement with 

customers, consultants, sub-contractors, suppliers, business partners and associates, business 

representatives and agents, may expose us to the risk of corruption, fraudulent and unethical 

practises. We have established policies and procedures to prevent such practices. Our policies and 

procedures are communicated to all our employees, customers, consultants, sub-contractors, 

suppliers, business partners and associates, business representatives and agents, as we expect full 

compliance and adherence to our policies and procedures in the business dealings with our Group.  

 

We have established and formalised, as part of our human resource management, Employees’ Code 

of Ethics policy, which sets out the guidelines of acceptable codes of ethics in a workplace. These 

guidelines also include dealing with potential areas of conflict of interest between Soilbuild 

Construction Group Ltd.’s employees, associates, vendors, consultants, suppliers and sub-

contractors. As part of a yearly exercise all staff are required to read and understand the policy and 

complete the Conflict of Interest Declaration form. All employees of the Group are expected to 

observe integrity and professionalism in their course of work by always acting in an honest, fair and 

ethical manner.  

 

The Group’s Employees’ Code of Ethics includes the following aspects: 

✓ Declaration of potential conflicts upon commencement of employment and subsequent 

yearly declaration by all employees 










 

 

32 

 

✓ Managing conflicts when receiving gifts from vendors, consultants, suppliers and sub-

contractors 

✓ Entertainment 

✓ Interested person transaction and business with family and friends 

✓ Financial interest in an outside company 

✓ Fraudulent financial reporting 

✓ Asset misappropriation 

✓ Aiding and abetting 

✓ Insider trading and dealings in securities 

✓ Money laundering 

 

The policy also covers areas such as Discrimination free and Harassment free workplace, Conflict 

of Interest, Managing Conflicts, Outside Employment, Fraud and Intellectual Property.  

Guidelines on ethical legal responsibilities are also provided under a Gift and Entertainment 

Declaration policy. The policy applies to all full-time and part-time employees, and other persons 

working for Soilbuild.  Types of gifts cover cash or cash equivalent instruments and non-cash gifts 

above a pre-determined commercial value. Depending on the type of gifts the necessary procedures 

and the need for declaration form is determined as per the policy.  

The Group have also put in place a whistle-blowing policy to provide employees, vendors, 

consultants, suppliers and sub-contractors with an avenue to raise concerns about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting or other matters, and we believe that arrangements are in place 

for the independent investigation of such matters and appropriate follow-up action. A dedicated 

email address is created for reporting suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other 

similar matters. Details of the whistle-blowing policies and arrangements have been made available 

to all employees of the Company. The policy is also provided as part of the letter of awards to all 

sub-contractors.  

 

Performance for FY2019 and Target for FY2020 

 

In FY2019, there were no cases of bribery and corruption. As part of our future initiatives, we will 

continue to review and improve our internal policy on the prevention and management of bribery 

and corruption. Our target is to provide training on all ethics and anti-corruption related policies 

and practices to 100% of our employees and ensure the Company meets high levels of standards on 

anti-corruption. 

 

With effect from 1 January 2020, Soilbuild implemented a new policy, Ethical Legal 

Responsibilities — Social Media Policy. With internet and technology widely available, it has 

become convenient for us to use social media platforms, e.g. WeChat, Weibo, Twitter, LindkedIn, 

YouTube and Facebook, to send and exchange information and content at any time and in any way. 

This policy outlines the corporate guidelines or principles of communicating in the online world.  

 

 

 


 

 

33 

 

GRI Standards Content Index  

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title 

Page number  

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: General 

disclosures 2016 

Organisational profile 

 

 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

3 

 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

5, 6 &amp; 8 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

5  

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

5-6 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

5- 7 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

5- 8 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

17 - 19 

 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

17-22 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

7 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

7 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

9-11 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

8 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

8 

 

Strategy 

 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

 

Ethics and integrity 

 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

5 

 

Governance 

 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

9 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

9-10 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9-10 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

9-10 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

9-10 

 

Reporting practice 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Please refer our 

Annual Report 

2019 

 

102-46 

Defining Report content and topic Boundaries 

11 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

11 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

No changes 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

4 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent Report 

31 December 

2018 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the Report 

4 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

33-34 

 

102-56 

External assurance 

4 

 

Material Topics 

Energy efficiency and management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

12-15 


 

 

34 

 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

12-15 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

12-15 

GRI 302: Energy 

2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

12-15 

Water efficiency and management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

15-16 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

15-16 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

15-16 

GRI 303: Water 

2016 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

15-16 

Training and development 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

17-24 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

17-24 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

17-24 

GRI 404: Training 

and education 

2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

17-24 

Talent attraction and retention 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

24-27 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

24-27 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

24-27 

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

24-27 

Occupational health &amp; safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

27-28 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

27-28 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

27-28 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

27-28 

Product quality and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

30-31 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

30-31 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

30-31 

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

30-31 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

31-32 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

31-32 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

31-32 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

31-32 

Non GRI: Fair labour and human rights                                                                                                              28-30 

 

