




Sustainability Report 2017

順 聯 控股有限公司

Soon Lian HoLdingS Limited


























































































CONTENTS



1

BOard 

STaTEmENT

aBOUT 

THIS rEPOrT

aBOUT 

SOON LIaN

STaKEHOLdEr

ENGaGEmENT

ECONOMIC 

PERFORMANCE

maTErIaL TOPICS

ANTI-CORRUPTION

wAsTE MANAgEMENT

EMPLOYMENT

GLOBaL rEPOrTING INITIaTIVE 

(GrI) CONTENT INdEX

2

3

7

9

8

13

14





This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SgX-St”) Listing Manual Section B: 

Rules of Catalist. The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this sustainability report. This sustainability report has not been 

examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the 

correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. The contact person for the Sponsor 

is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road #09-00 ASO Building Singapore 048544, 

telephone (65) 6636 4201.

11

10


BOard STaTEmENT







dear Stakeholders,

We are pleased to present our first Sustainability Report 

which shares our sustainability efforts and focus on 

economic, environmental, social and governance issues. 

These issues are carefully considered and determined by 

the senior management of the Company and validated by 

us.

We believe that sustainability reporting can help us to 

measure, understand and communicate our economic, 

environmental, social and governance performance and set 

goals and manage change more effectively. By continuously 

addressing the impacts of a wide range of sustainability 

issues, we will better manage our challenges and drive long-

term growth to mitigate environmental and social risks that 

might have financial impacts on our business.

As the Company grew, we became synonymous with 

offering quality products and reliable services to our wide 

range of customers.

Our commitment to quality is evident with the awarding of our 

ISO 9001 : 2008 Quality Management System certification 

in April 2002 and our most recently achieved upgrade to 

ISO 9001 : 2015. We continue to carefully balance the needs 

of our industry and adjust our strategies and operations 

accordingly, leveraging on our capabilities and networks to 

tailor our products and solutions in accordance to how best 

unlock value for stakeholders.

We would like to thank our various stakeholders who 

have contributed to the Group and partnered us in our 

sustainability journey. We will continue to strive and improve 

the environmental, social and economic well-being of the 

community that we live in. Despite the current economic 

climate of consolidation, we are still exploring strategic 

opportunities that may deliver greater long-term value. We 

reaffirm our focus on the long-term goal of delivering value 

to all our stakeholders.

SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   1


Reporting Background

Listed on the SGX Catalist in 2007, Soon Lian Holdings 

Limited (the “Group” or “Soon Lian”) actively engages our 

employees, customers and suppliers to champion and 

address some of the environmental impacts together.

In preparation for this report, we adopted the internationally 

recognised GRI Standards: Core option, as well as the SGX 

Guide to Sustainability Reporting for listed companies. We 

have determined the report’s content using the principles of 

stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality 

and completeness. 

This report covers the Group’s operations in Singapore, 

China, Malaysia and Taiwan for the financial year from  

1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”).

We have not sought external alignment for this reporting 

period and will consider it when our reporting matures over 

time.

accessibility of the Report &amp; Feedback

A copy of this report is available for download from our 

website at www.slmetalsgroup.com and the website of 

SGX at www.sgx.com.

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we 

look forward to your feedback. Please send your feedback 

to irelations@soonlian.com.





mateRiaLity

Focusing on issues that impact 

business growth and are of utmost 

importance to stakeholders

Presenting performance in the 

wider context of sustainability

Responding to stakeholder 

expectations and interests

Including all information that is of 

significant economic, environmental 

and social impact to enable 

stakeholders to assess the Group’s 

performance.

SuStainaBiLity ConteXt

StakeHoLdeR inCLuSiveneSS

CompLeteneSS

Reporting

Boundaries &amp;

Standards

aBOUT THIS rEPOrT



2   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017










Background

Soon Lian is a specialist supplier of aluminium alloy products 

with an established track record of more than 35 years 

and is now an international supplier with operations and 

warehouses in Singapore (headquarter), China, Malaysia 

and Taiwan. Soon Lian has also expanded its customer 

base, building a diversified clientele of over 1,000 customers 

in more than 15 different countries, including Australia, 

Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, China, 

Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, United Arab 

Emirates and Vietnam. Today, we supply a comprehensive 

range of over 1,300 different aluminium alloy products in 

a wide spectrum of specifications and dimensions, which 

cater to customers in different industries such as marine, 

precision engineering and semiconductor industries. 

The Group employs more than 80 people in Singapore, 

China, Malaysia and Taiwan.

We deliver unrivalled 

aluminium solutions,

igniting possibilities for 

partners worldwide

miSSion

integrity 

partnership

excellence

CoRe vaLueS

aBOUT SOON LIaN



 

inspiring partnerships, 

 

growing possibilities

viSion

SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   3




notes:

(1) The Company holds 100% interest in the subsidiary with effect from 26 February 2018

(2) Formerly known as Soon Lian Hardware (Pte.) Ltd.

(3) Formerly known as Soon Lian Corporation Pte. Ltd.

(4) Formerly known as Soon Lian Hardware (M) Sdn. Bhd.

(5) In the process of a members’ voluntary winding up

aBOUT SOON LIaN



順聯金属（私人）有限公司

SL Metals Pte. Ltd.(2)

苏州首鋁金属有限公司

SL Metals (Suzhou)

Co., Ltd

首鋁金属（深圳）有限公司

SL Metals (Shenzhen)

Co., Ltd(5)

順聯企业私人有限公司

SL Corporation Pte. Ltd.(3)

100%(1)

順聯金属（马）私人有限公司

SL Metals (M) Sdn. Bhd.(4)

台灣首鋁金屬有限公司

SL Metal (Taiwan) Co., Ltd

CoRpoRate StRuCtuRe













100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%(1)

4   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017




aBOUT SOON LIaN



Supply Chain management

We source our inventories of aluminium alloy products from 

reputable suppliers in countries such as Austria, Greece, 

Italy, Japan, Malaysia, China, Singapore, South Africa, 

Taiwan and USA. Our major suppliers, such as Arconic, 

Aleris, AMAG, Elval, Hulamin, Vimetco, Slim Aluminium 

and Kobelco, are amongst the largest manufacturers of 

aluminum alloy products in the world.

Our inventory management strategy and policy is supported 

by our inventory management system which allows us 

to monitor and manage our inventory levels by tracking 

inventory movement from the receipt of inventories till their 

delivery to customers.

This is in line with our inventory management strategy of 

having readily available inventories at all times so as to 

maintain a high level of responsiveness in meeting our 

customers’ needs.

Notwithstanding our strategy of focusing on customers from 

the marine and precision engineering industries, we also 

sell to overseas stockists and traders who in turn sold our 

products to their end customers. We believe that by adopting 

this strategy, we would be able to establish our reputation as 

an international aluminium alloy supplier, and secure more 

and bigger orders from overseas customers from various 

industries.

We have found these efforts to be invaluable as we now 

have the information to evaluate our suppliers’ performance 

against our policy, and to engage with our supply base to 

achieve improvements where needed.



SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   5


aBOUT SOON LIaN



Continual Commitment to enhance Corporate 

governance

We are committed to conduct our business activities in 

an ethical and socially and environmentally sustainable 

manner. We ensure that our business operations and 

processes are managed in a way that minimises the impact 

on our environment. We recognise the importance of and are 

committed to ensuring a healthy and safe work environment 

for the well-being of our employees. Employees are also 

expected to maintain the highest standards of integrity and 

trust in all business relationships and dealings. We place 

great emphasis on accountability, transparency, ethical 

business conduct and good corporate governance.

external initiatives

We are committed to working with long-term environmental, 

social and corporate governance issues across our 

operations globally. We understand the importance of 

cross-industry external standards, charters and principles, 

and we communicate our efforts and performance where 

appropriate via information sharing platforms. This process 

allows us to benchmark and measure our corporate social 

responsibility (CSR) performance.





membership of associations

We actively engage with local, national and international 

trade forums and advocacy organisations through active 

membership and participating as office bearers or in work 

groups wherever possible. We will continue to partner the 

industry and form collaborations in support and contribute 

to the society and the community.

S/n

organisation

1

Singapore Metal and Machinery Association

2

Singapore Business Federation

3

Singapore Manufacturing Federation

4

Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry

5

Singapore National Employers Federation

6

Association of Singapore Marine Industries

7

Association of Small and Medium Enterprises

6   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017


With our vision and corporate values in mind, we are making 

an effort to integrate sustainability into our businesses. Where 

possible, we incorporate sustainability considerations in our 

decision-making processes. 

STaKEHOLdEr ENGaGEmENT





























Offer a wide range of products

and customised products as

part of our value-added

services.

Provide top-notch customer service, 

enhance our brand experience and 

build stronger customer relationships.

Daily

Daily

Daily

Annual or

Half yearly

(where 

applicable) 

As needed

As needed

Compliance with terms and conditions 

of purchasing policies and procedures, 

and maintain high ethical standards.

Staff rights, welfare, personal 

development and good working 

environment.

Profitability, transparency, timely 

reporting and fair purchasing 

practices.

Partnership for opportunities 

and growth.

Environmental-friendly business 

approach, compliance with 

regulations, timely reporting and 

resolution of issues.

Maintain business dealings

with suppliers that offer top 

notch standards in areas such 

as ethical conducts and 

workplace standards.

Provide training and 

development courses for 

most employees to remain 

competitive.

Hold annual meetings and release 

half yearly results announcements 

to keep shareholders updated on 

the Group’s economic 

performance.

Continue to actively pursue 

business opportunities to 

expand and strengthen our 

capabilities and competencies.

Ensuring a pleasant 

relationship with regulators 

and disclosing pertinent 

information timely.

Stakeholder 

group

engagement activities

Stakeholder’s expectations

Frequency

Customers

Suppliers

employees

investors

Business

partners

government

and Regulators

Our sustainability efforts are led by our senior management 

who ensures that our business objectives are in line with 

our commitments to sustainable development. Our senior 

management is responsible for ongoing communication to 

our Board of Directors.

SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   7


















maTErIaL TOPICS



Based on feedback gathered from our internal and external 

stakeholders, we have evaluated and identified factors 

which would have significant economic, environmental and 

social impacts and are material to the organisation and 

stakeholders. 

We have taken efforts to seek the opinion of many 

stakeholders either in a casual or formal way. We 

aspire to understand the needs and expectations of our 

key stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial 

relationships.

economic 

performance

anti-Corruption

Waste management

employment

our key aspects

We have identified and compiled 4 relevant sustainability 

aspects for developing this report. The key impacts were 

further deliberated and narrowed down through our 

engagement process with stakeholders.  The key aspects to 

our business are Economic Performance, Anti-Corruption, 

Waste Management and Employment.

8   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017




ECONOmIC PErFOrmaNCE



While the market remains challenging, Soon Lian continues 

to undertake plans to grow its branding and reach via the 

participation in regional trade exhibitions and dedicated 

customer visits but at a slightly moderated pace.

Moving forward, we will be taking a cautious approach 

and prioritising risk management to better address any 

uncertainty that may arise. We will be keeping tabs on 

opportunities and challenges alike to better navigate the 

financial year and continue our ascent to becoming an 

industry leader. 

Sustainable business growth for Soon Lian means 

persistently working towards maximising financial returns for 

our shareholders in a manner that has a positive economic 

impact on our stakeholders.

We have continuously invested in upgrading our machineries. 

We provide customised products as part of our value-added 

services and we employ several processing systems such as 

a unique CNC (Computer Numerical Control) plasma cutting 

system, CNC high precision bandsaw and custom-designed 

vertical saw which are able to cut aluminium alloy products 

into various forms and dimensional specifications, according 

to each individual customer’s specific requirements. Such 

value-added services enable customers to focus on 

their core competencies in shipbuilding and/or precision 

engineering, and reduce or avoid additional investments in 

specialised machines and equipment.





SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   9


aNTI-COrrUPTION



We believe that good corporate governance establishes and 

maintains an ethical environment within the Group, which 

serves the interests of all shareholders and stakeholders. 

The Group has adopted a Code of Business Conduct to 

regulate the standards of ethical conduct of the Group, 

which provides that its Directors, officers and employees are 

required to observe and maintain high standards of integrity 

in compliance with the law, regulations and Group policies. 

There was no reported incident of corruption in the reporting 

period. We identified 3 key areas of concerns namely 

Operations, Sales and Purchasing. Each Department 

Head and Team Leaders are tasked to guide and enforce 

strict compliances. The Management targets to roll out 

internal awareness programmes which shall generate more 

information for continual sharing.

The Management has put in place a whistle-blowing policy 

duly endorsed by the Audit Committee and approved by the 

Board, where employees of the Group may, in confidence, 

raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties in 

matters of financial reporting or other matters. The details 

of the whistle-blowing policy have been made available 

to all employees. During the reporting period, there were 

no complaints, concerns or issues received. Our Audit 

Committee will meet with the external auditors and the 

internal auditors without the presence of the Management 

at least annually to review the Management’s level of 

cooperation and other matters that warrant the Audit 

Committee’s attention. It may also examine any other aspect 

of the Group’s affairs, as it deems necessary where such 

matters relate to exposures or risks of a regulatory or legal 

nature, and monitor the Group’s compliance with its legal, 

regulatory and contractual obligations. The Audit Committee 

has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its 

terms of reference.

10   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017


WaSTE maNaGEmENT



We actively monitor our waste management practices, 

both as part of doing business and in the corporate office 

environment. We continue to undertake initiatives to create 

awareness among employees and promote best practices 

in waste management. Our major trading commodity is 

raw aluminium alloy material. By nature, aluminium alloy is 

already classified as a green material, hence its worldwide 

increasing application in light-weight automotives, high 

tensile aerospace, adoptive replacement of steel, fibreglass 

etc. We consider ourselves a core member in the forefront of 

engineering progress and a global partner towards reducing 

carbon emissions.

A good example of wastage management is in Taiwan, 

whereby recyclables are reclassified into eight groups: 

containers, tyres, pesticide containers, lubricant oil, lead-acid 

batteries, vehicles, home appliances and communication 

products. Taiwan’s recycling and waste management culture 

stands as an example of what can be achieved through the 

implementation of waste separation and disposal practices.

To reduce aluminium cutting scraps and wastages, we order 

raw materials to specific cut sizes. We appoint a licensed 

aluminium alloy waste disposal contractor who will classify 

the aluminium alloy scraps by grade and weightage. All such 

records are maintained by the Group.

We strive to establish and progressively introduce our 

Group’s waste management policies to all key subsidiaries.











SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   11




In a world of constant change, we embrace the 

need to be adaptable. 

We transform our strategies, capabilities and 

mindset in line with the needs of our customers, 

business partners and stakeholders to maintain 

and grow a platform that delivers sustainable 

value.


EmPLOYmENT



Recruitment policy

Be they young, old, educated, uneducated, retrenched or 

inexperienced, we hire them all, train them up and now we 

are proud to have a large group of such long-serving loyal 

employees. It is Soon Lian’s corporate social responsibility 

to practice re-employment of older employees in Singapore.

equal opportunity employee

At Soon Lian, we treat all employees equally. We value 

differences and diversities in our workforce. Every individual 

is free to contribute to the best of his ability, without fear of 

discrimination or harassment.

We believe in treating all job applicants, colleagues and 

customers fairly and impartially; void of considerations such 

as race, religion, gender, marital status or age. All decisions 

for employment or advancement shall be made based 

purely on the individual’s capability.

Our policy ensures that no employee receives less 

favourable treatment or is disadvantaged by working 

conditions or requirements which could not be shown to be 

justifiable. Employee shall have the opportunity to contribute 

to the achievement of our business objective based solely 

on the grounds of his performance.

team member

The Company has a team of competent members to ensure 

that its day-to-day operations are managed efficiently and 

effectively. Our versatile workforce consists of multinational 

teammates from various countries around the region. Our 

employees are expected to work as a team and engage their 

colleagues through free and open communication, replace 

unproductive or inefficacious practices or procedures and 

eliminate obsolete and invalid work processes.

Our staff turnover for the years 2015, 2016 and 2017 was 

minimal.

We intend to constantly review our employment policies and 

work forwards a more diversified and inclusive workforce.



SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   13


GLOBaL rEPOrTING INITIaTIVE (GrI) 



CONTENT INdEX



Ri Standard

disclosure

page Reference and 

Reasons for omission, 

if applicable

geneRaL diSCLoSuRe

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

organizational profile

102-1 Name of the organisation 

Page 2

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

Page 3

102-3 Location of headquarters 

Page 3

102-4 Location of operations

Page 3

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

Page 2

102-6 Markets served

Page 3

102-7 Scale of the organisation

Page 3 and Annual Report 2017 

Page 10

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

Page 3

102-9 Supply chain 

Page 5

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

No changes

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach 

Not applicable

102-12 External initiatives

Not applicable

102-13 Membership of associations

Page 6

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker

Page 1

ethics and integrity

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Page 3

governance

102-18 Governance structure

Annual Report 2017 Page 22

Stakeholder engagement

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Page 7

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Pages 7 - 8

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pages 7 - 8

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Page 8

Reporting practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Page 4

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries

Page 2

102-47 List of material topics

Page 8

102-48 Restatements of information

Not applicable

102-49 Changes in reporting

This is the first 

Sustainability Report

102-50 Reporting period

Page 2

102-51 Date of most recent report

This is the first 

Sustainability Report

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

Page 2

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Page 2

102-55 GRI content index

Pages 14 - 15

102-56 External assurance

Page 2

14   SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017


Ri Standard

disclosure

page Reference and 

Reasons for omission, 

if applicable

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

Pages 9 - 13

103-2 The management approach and its components

Pages 9 - 13

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 9 - 13

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report 2017     

Page 49

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Page 10

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Page 10

GLOBaL rEPOrTING INITIaTIVE (GrI) 



CONTENT INdEX



SOON LIaN HOLdINGS LImITEd  / sustainability Report 2017   15

