


 

SPINDEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 




1 

 

CONTENTS 

BOARD STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................. 2 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY ......................................................................................... 3 

FEEDBACK ............................................................................................................................................. 3 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY ............................................................................... 4 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE ........................................................................................................ 4 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS .............................................................................................................. 4 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................... 5 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE ..................................................................................................................... 8 

PRODUCT QUALITY  ............................................................................................................................. 9 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY ............................................................................................. 9 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION .............................................................................................................. 10 

ANTI-CORRUPTION ............................................................................................................................. 11 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE............................................................................................................. 12 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX .............................................................. 13 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

The Board of Spindex Industries Limited (“Spindex” or together with its subsidiaries “the Group”) is 

pleased to publish the Group’s second sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 

(“FY2019”). The report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

(2016) – Core option, and in line with the SGX sustainability reporting requirements. Through the 

report, the Group hopes to provide an overview of our approach, practices and performance of 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics that are most material and relevant to our 

business.  

 

The Board and Management of Spindex continues to maintain commitment towards transparency in 

sustainability reporting and considers sustainability issues as part of strategic formulation. The 

Management team and functional units have the responsibility to identify, measure and address 

sustainability-related matters on an ongoing basis. The Board determines and endorses the material 

ESG topics presented in this report and maintains oversight of the management of these material 

ESG topics. 

 

In FY2019, the Management together with an external sustainability consultant reviewed and 

assessed the materiality of Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics identified in 

FY2018. The review was referenced against requirements of stakeholders, business activities along 

the value change, and the Group’s operating environment and market. As there were no major 

changes in our business nor shifts in the sustainability landscape, the Management are of the opinion 

to continue with the reporting of the six ESG topics as per last year.  

 

As the Group continue to embark on the sustainability journey, we remain committed to building a 

responsible business that delivers sustainable value to our stakeholders over the long term.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY 

This report summaries our approach, management and performance of the Group’s material ESG 

topics for the period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 (FY2019). As this is our second report, where 

applicable, one year of historical performance data is also included for comparative purposes. The 

scope of this report focuses on the Group’s major operations, namely head office in Singapore, 

operations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), as well as Malaysia and Vietnam.  

 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – “Core” 

reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and internationally accepted 

sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies the location of the 

relevant disclosures. 

 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability 

policies, 

processes 

and 

performance. 

Kindly 

address 

all 

feedback 

to 

cse@spindex.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and 

thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard copies 

of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

At Spindex, we continue to refine our management approach to adapt to the changing business 

landscape. In FY2019, apart from economic performance, we have with the help of an independent 

external 

consultant 

established 

our 

sustainability 

performance 

management 

framework.  

(See Exhibit 1) 

Under this framework, we have defined key pillars and the non-financial topics that are material to the 

sustainability of our economic performance and business operations.  

Exhibit 1. Spindex’s Sustainability Performance Management Framework 

 

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

Three (3) pillars of  

our sustainability performance  

 

Environment 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

Effluents and 

Waste 

 

Product Quality   

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic and 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage 

stakeholders for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statements of Annual Report 2019. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2019. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

The Group approach sustainability by integrating it into our business that deliver long-term 

shareholder value and growth. The Group’s commitment and tone to sustainability comes from the 

top. The Sustainability Steering Committee, comprising senior management executives, reviews 

material topics, evaluate the performance, provides strategic direction on the reporting process, and 

reports to the Board directly on sustainability matters.  

 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and 

to deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our 

business operations. Within the industry, we continue to uphold a reputation for quality and high 

standards in our operations, as well as excellence in our operations management.  

 


5 

 

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we are one of the first machining companies in the 

region to be certified by: 

 

• 

ISO 14001 

• 

ISO/TS 16949 

 

We also have a comprehensive ITE certified in-house training programme and is an approved ITE 

Training Centre in the ITE Skills Certification in Autonomous Maintenance. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We adopt a comprehensive approach to identify priority areas based on the business strategy 

outlined in our plan. Our materiality assessments were based on the AA1000 Account Ability 

Principles of Inclusivity and Materiality, as well as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Principles for 

Defining Report Content – stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and 

completeness.  

 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics and 

indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant environmental and social impacts; and would 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

 

Guided by external sustainability consultant, Management have reviewed the stakeholders across the 

Group’s value chain and identified five (5) key stakeholder groups by their significance and impact of 

their interest on the Group’s business.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




6 

 

Our key stakeholder groups, how we engage with them, main concerns and expectation, and how we 

respond are summarised in the table below. 

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

How We Engage 

Main Concerns and 

Expectations 

How We Respond 

Employees 

• Meetings 

• Training and 

development 

• Teambuilding activities 

• Annual performance 

appraisals 

• Recreational activities 

• Long-service awards 

• Annual dinners 

• Department updates 

• Training and career 

development 

opportunities 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

• Engaging and 

retaining employees 

By adopting sound human resource 

policies and practices that promote 

fair 

treatment, 

safe 

working 

conditions, rewards and recognition 

for performance, work-life balance 

and career growth. 

Customers 

• Monitoring product 

sales 

• Contacts to our 

customer service 

• Feedback channels 

through email 

• Product and service 

quality 

• Group’s reputation in 

the market 

By establishing policies for quality 

control and assurance that ensure 

our goods are of excellent quality 

and to promptly address customer 

complaints. 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Meetings with 

institutional investors 

• Survey of institutional 

investors 

• Group’s strategic 

development 

• Current financial 

performance 

• Future business 

outlook 

 

By appointing an investor relations 

firm 

on 

a 

retainer 

basis, 

to 

communicate regularly with the 

analysts. 

They 

monitor 

the 

dissemination 

of 

material 

information to ensure that it is 

disclosed to the market in a timely 

manner. In addition, through such 

investor relations firm, the Company 

also holds meetings, on a quarterly 

basis, based on interest levels from 

analysts 

and 

shareholders 

to 

provide greater accessibility to the 

Company.  

 

Business 

Partners 

• Regular meetings 

• Visits 

• Emails 

• Tender process 

• Tender process 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

• Energy-efficiency 

• Product and 

technology updates 

• Performance reviews 

By 

establishing 

policies 

and 

guidelines 

that 

ensure 

a 

fair 

selection and procurement process, 

and ethical business practices. 

Community 

• Phone and email 

channels 

• Media relations 

• Volunteering activities 

• Contribution to 

communities 

• Business decisions’ 

impact on their 

environment 

• Pollution (air, land, 

water) 

By 

raising 

awareness 

through 

sustainable business practices and 

assessing the potential harmful 

impacts on the environment. 

 

Membership of Associations 

The Group also engages with industry and trade associations through participation as a member. In 

Malaysia, Synturn (M) Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary of the Group, is a member of the Federation of Malaysia 

Manufacturers. 

 


7 

 

Material ESG Topics 

Guided by an external sustainability consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders. The Management together with the Board have assessed 

and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

 

Material ESG Topics 

Commitment &amp; Target 

FY2019 

Key Highlights 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Effluents and Waste 

Zero incidents of non-

conformance to local 

regulated requirements. 

• Achieved 100% conformance to local 

regulated requirements on waste disposal.  

• Maintained a zero significant spill record. 

SOCIAL 

 

Product  

Quality and Safety 

Maintain existing quality and 

safety accreditation. 

 

Ensure reject costs are less 

than 

1% 

of 

total 

sales 

turnover per year  

 

Achieve 100% performance 

rating in terms of quality and 

delivery performance to our 

customers.  

• Maintained ISO 9001 quality management 

system, IATF 16949 automotive quality 

system, ISO 14001 environmental 

management system, and OHSAS 1800 

occupational health and safety certifications. 

• Achieved significant reduction in reject costs 

of as a proportion of total sales turnover. 

• Achieved awards from customer for excellent 

performance rating in terms of quality 

performance and delivery performance to our 

customers. 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Zero workplace fatalities. 

• Achieved zero fatalities and 100% 

conformance to workplace and health safety 

requirements. 

Training  

and Education 

Ensure learning and 

development roadmap 

account for future skills 

required to improve the 

efficiency of the business. 

• Conducted training needs analysis to ensure 

that there are necessary training interventions 

to enhance employee competencies and 

professional knowledge.  

• 100% of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews. 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Anti-Corruption 

Zero tolerance for bribery, 

corruption, fraud and 

violation of laws and 

regulations. 

• Zero incident of corruption. 

• Zero confirmed whistle-blowing cases. 

Regulatory Compliance 

(including socio-economic 

and environmental 

compliance) 

• Zero cases of significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

laws and regulations 

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, Management will review annually its material ESG 

focus areas against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global 

and local trends. 


8 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Environmental sustainability forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost 

of natural resources, we endeavour to integrate the best sustainability practices across business 

operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

In our daily operations, the Group continues to be committed on recycling, energy-saving practices 

and undertaking measures to reduce wastages, pollution and harmful emissions. For instance, as part 

of effort to minimise waste generated from operations, plant managers at respective plant have 

created awareness to reuse and recycling, whenever possible.  

 

In FY2019, at our Hanoi plant, we have managed to reuse and lengthened the lifetime of chemical. 

The Group strives to continue its effort to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources. 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Effluents and waste management is critical for global sustainable development. The Group 

conscientiously monitor our discharges into the environment and seek to reduce any ecological 

impact. It is thus vital to prioritize waste disposal methods, such as reusing, recycling and recovery 

that minimize residual effects. Treatment of our effluents is also crucial in ensuring that hazardous 

substances do not leach into ecosystems and undergo bio-amplification along the food chain.  

 

Waste  

The Group strives to minimise waste generation, increase opportunities for reusing and recycling, as 

well as treat and dispose waste responsibly where other options are not practicable. Hazardous waste 

generated is handled, stored and disposed in a manner that adheres to best practices and meets 

local regulatory requirements. At Spindex, we ensure that our wastes are safely disposed of in 

prevention of the risk of environmental contamination. Hazardous waste typically relates to waste 

from chemicals that may be harmful to human if consumed (e.g plating effluent).  

 

In FY2019, hazardous waste generated amounted to 5,632 tonnes (FY2018: 3,690 tonnes). The 

increase is a result of additional types of waste generated from operations at plant in Malaysia. All 

hazardous waste generated is managed and disposed of in compliance with local regulations by 

authorised waste contractors. 

 

Non-hazardous waste mainly relates to typical packaging and production waste, comprising of paper, 

plastic and metallic materials. In FY2019, the amount of non-hazardous waste generated reduced 

down to 884 tonnes (FY2018: 1,046 tonnes) and were being disposed of through licensed waste 

collectors for recycling and reuse whenever possible. 

 

Moving Forward 

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the 

Management will continue to review and improve current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory 

requirements.  

 

 


9 

 

SOCIAL 

PRODUCT QUALITY  

At Spindex, the Group is committed to provide appropriate solutions to customers that is competitive 

in pricing, quality and delivery. We are equipped with advanced metrology equipment for the most 

exacting measurement in diameter, roundness and other intricate dimensions. The Group aims to 

ensure that our reject costs are less than 1% of total sales turnover per year and to achieve 100% 

performance rating in terms of quality and delivery performance to our customers.  

 

Our Beliefs 

• Quality is our basic business principle. 

• Quality means providing our external and internal customers with innovative products and  

   services that fully satisfy their requirements. 

• Quality improvement is the responsibility of every Spindex’s employees.  

 

Supply Chain  

In general, each of the plant is responsible to manage its panel of suppliers and ensure resilience in 

supply chain to support day-to-day operations. To achieve that, the supplier evaluation criteria is not 

solely pegged on price, but also on to other factors such as capability, quality, past delivery and 

service performance.  

 

The Group is committed to comply with the requirements and continually improve the effectiveness of 

the quality management system. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Safety and health at workplace are our topmost priority. The Group strive to raise awareness, 

maintain vigilance and foster a strong safety awareness culture particularly at the ground level by 

ensuring proper trainings are provided to our employees.  

 

Across our plants, we have processes in place to identify, mitigate and report safety risks, and we 

work closely with our third-party vendors and suppliers to ensure that they understand our 

requirements and expectations.  

 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety, and the relaying of workplace safety and 

health (“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety Committee. Collectively as a Group, 

the Safety Committee comprises of both employee and employer representatives. The Safety 

Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards are upheld at all 

times and also up to industry best practices. In addition, the role and responsibilities of the Safety 

Committee includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards and 

regulations to ensure all areas of safety are adequately covered. The Committee members meet at 

least once a month to review safety inspection results, infrastructures and incidents, as well as to 

coordinate and organise safety-related activities. Going forward, in order to facilitate the effectiveness 

of the supervision of workplace safety, the Group plans to have more workers join the safety 

committee. 

 

All near-miss incidents and accidents will be promptly reported to the Safety Committee; this will 

further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These safety briefings aim to 


10 

 

strengthen the awareness of our employees’ safety, and also remind them of established safety 

measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar incidents.   

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of fatalities across the Group’s business operations. We strive to 

continue maintain our safety commitment of zero incident and drive continuous improvement in safety 

practices. 

 

The Group maintains an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief executive 

officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our employees to provide 

them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business segments, there were no 

grievance cases reported in FY2019. 

 

Moving forwards, the Group remains committed to maintain a safe and productive environment, free 

from harassment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we expect all our 

employees and individuals who always work at our sites to follow our health and safety policies and 

procedures and be free from substance abuse. We will continue to monitor our plants’ safety 

performance, as well as review existing practices to ensure necessary measures are taken to address 

health and safety risks at the workplace. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Today’s constantly changing business environment calls for a competitive workforce attuned to the 

latest developments in skills and manufacturing capabilities. Investing in employee learning and 

development helps build a resilient and future-ready workforce, which will in turn provide a 

competitive edge for the Group’s future growth and success.  

 

Our employees acquire skills and expertise which will distinguish them from the market through 

opportunities provided by us and our industry partner networks. To encourage and support our 

employees to develop their fullest potential and have a fulfilling career, the Group places priority on 

learning and development programmes.  

 

Training and development are identified on employees’ training needs and work requirements. All new 

employees are required to attend our on-boarding program, which aims to integrate new hires into our 

organisation seamlessly.  

 

Additionally, we conduct an annual training needs analysis to ensure that there are necessary training 

interventions to enhance employee competencies and professional knowledge.  

 

Our learning and development roadmap account for future skills required to improve the efficiency of 

the business. In FY2019, the Group invested over approximately S$139,000 (FY2018: S$106,000) in 

training and development before government funding. Majority of the workforce were provided the 

opportunity to attend training and skill upgrading programme. 

 

Apart from Vietnam, where the average training hours were already significantly higher, the Group 

achieved an improvement in average training hours per employee across all the other geographical 

locations of our operations as compared to FY2018.  

 

 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

Average Training Hours (Per Employee) – FY2019 

Singapore 

Malaysia 

China 

Vietnam 

8 hours 

3 hours 

22 hours 

40 hours 

 

 

Average Training Hours (Per Employee) – FY2018 

Singapore 

Malaysia 

China 

Vietnam 

3 hours 

2 hours 

20 hours 

96 hours 

 

The Group will continue to provide training and education opportunities through comprehensive 

development programmes going forward and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

 

GOVERNANCE (*) 

 

The Group is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity in all our business activities, which we believe are essential for the long-term viability of our 

businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. Given the geographical diversity of our 

businesses, we closely monitor developments in the laws and regulations of countries where the 

Group operates to ensure that our businesses and operations comply with all relevant laws and 

regulations. The Group also engage with the respective local government authorities and agencies 

where it operates, as a mean to keep abreast of changes to laws and regulations.  

 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. The Group maintains a zero-tolerance 

towards bribery, corruption, fraud and violation of laws and regulations. 

 

*  Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2019. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group continue to maintain a whistle-blowing policy, which provides guidance on suspicion, 

reporting and investigation of fraudulent practices within the Group. Its objectives are to maintain a 

high standard of corporate governance; provide a channel of communication for employees to report 

fraudulent practices and guide employees on available process to address their concerns on 

suspicious fraudulent activities.  

 

The whistle-blowing policy also provides the process for investigation and management reporting. All 

cases reported are objectively and independently investigated, and appropriate remedial measures 

and follow-up are taken where warranted. 

 

 

The Audit Committee maintains oversight of this policy and periodically review the adequacy of the 

whistle-blowing arrangements by which employees of the Company and its Group and any other 

persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial 

reporting or other matters. During the reporting period, there were no incidents of corruption. 

 

 


12 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. All employees of Spindex, third parties’ 

suppliers and/or vendors, are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and reporting 

environmental and social related issues and complaints. 

 

During the reporting period, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to 

environmental and social-related issues. 

 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and the 

implementation of effective compliance and governance systems. At an operational level, the 

respective business segments and department within business segments continues to be responsible 

to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, and manage their 

financial, operational, compliance and reputational related risks. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


13 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of SR FY2019 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – Page 1 and 37  

Notes to The Finance Statements – Note 1 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

8 Boon Lay Way, #03-16, 8@TradeHub 21  

Singapore 609964 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Back Cover of SR FY2019 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – Page 37 

Notes to The Finance Statements – Note 1 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – Page 54 

Disaggregation of Revenue  

by Geographical Segments 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Headquarters in Singapore with 4 production 

locations located in China, Malaysia and 

Vietnam.  

 

Additionally, in FY 2019, the Company through 

its wholly-owned local subsidiaries has acquired 

two leasehold land, a 25.1 years leasehold land 

in Noi Bai Hanoi Vietnam with an area of 

approximately 10,575 square meters at a cost 

of 

VND27,910,800,000 

(equivalent 

to 

approximately SGD1,600,000) for its expansion 

and 

factory 

construction, and 

a 

50-year 

leasehold land in Nantong Jiangsu China with 

an area of approximately 53,863.87 square 

meters at a cost of CNY20,683,726 (equivalent 

to approximately SGD4,200,000) for its office 

and factory building construction in the near 

future.  

 

As 

any 

physical 

operations 

has 

yet 

to 

commence at both locations. This has no 

material impact on the Group’s net tangible 

assets and earnings per share for the financial 

year ended 30 June 2019.  

 

As at 30 Jun 2019, the Group has 1,899 

employees. 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

All organisation’s activities are performed by 

workers who are employees. The Group have 

no temporary or part-time employees.  

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

SR FY2019 – Page 9 

Supply Chain 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

In FY2019, there were no significant changes in 

the Group’s supply chain or relationship with 

suppliers. 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

SR FY2019 

Page 4 – Strategic Approach for Sustainability 

Page 5 to 7 – Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment   

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

SR FY2019 – Page 4 to 5 

Goals &amp; Achievements 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

SR FY2019 – Page 6 

Membership of Associations 


14 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102:  

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – Page 2 to 3 

 Chairman’s Statement 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – Page 9 to 24 

Corporate Governance 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

SR FY2019 – Page 4 

Sustainability Governance 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR FY2019 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement  

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR FY2019 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR FY2019 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

SR FY2019 

Page 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 – Material ESG Topics 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to Annual Report FY2019 – 

 Financial Reports 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

SR FY2019 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

SR FY2019 

Page 7 – Material ESG Topics 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

SR FY2019 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2018 Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

SR FY2019 

Page 3 – Feedback 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core Option 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 13 - 15 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance 

for this sustainability report. 


15 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2019 – Page 11 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Zero incidents. 

GRI 306: 

Effluents &amp; Waste 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2019 – Page 8 

Environment Section  

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

SR FY2019 – Page 8 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

306-3 

Significant spills 

Zero incidents of significant spills. 

306-4 

Transport of  

hazardous waste 

SR FY2019 – Page 8 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2019 – Page 9 to 10 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System 

SR FY2019 – Page 9 to 10 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment and incident 

investigation 

SR FY2019 – Page 9 to 10 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 404  

Training  

&amp; Education 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2019 – Page 10 to 11 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

SR FY2019 – Page 11 

Training and Education 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

SR FY2019 – Page 10 to 11 

Training and Education 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

90% 

GRI 419: 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

DM1 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2019 – Page 12 

Regulatory Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Zero incidents. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


16 

 

 

 

 

 

Spindex Industries Limited 

8 Boon Lay Way 

#03-16, 8@TradeHub 21 

Singapore 609964 

Tel: (65) 6268 0078 

Fax: (65) 6268 5034 

Email: cse@spindex.com.sg 

Website: http://www.spindex.com.sg 

Co. Reg No. 198701451M 

 

Synturn (M) Sdn Bhd 

6 Jalan Istimewa 7 

Taman Perindustrian Cemerlang 

81800 Ulu Tiram 

Johor Darul Takzim 

Malaysia 

Tel: (60) 7863 2633 

Fax: (60) 7863 2629 

Email: cse@spindex.com.my 

 

Spindex Industries (Hanoi) Co., Ltd 

Lot No. 7A, Noi Bai Industrial Zone 

Quang Tien Commune, Soc Son District 

Hanoi, Vietnam 

Tel: (84) 4 3582 1633 

Fax: (84) 4 3582 1555 

Email: cse@spindex.com.vn 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 

475 Fa Sai Road 

WaiGaoQiao Free Trade Zone 

Shanghai PRC Postcode: 200131 

Tel: (86) 21 5048 1183 

Fax: (86) 21 5048 1180 

Email: cse@spindex.com.cn 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Suzhou) Co., Ltd 

58 Yin Sheng Road 

ShengPu Development Zone 

Suzhou Industrial Park 

PRC Postcode: 215126 

Tel: (86) 512 6701 0598 

Fax: (86) 512 6701 0599 

Email: cse_sz@spindex.com.cn 

 

 

 





