
SPINDEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  






1 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

BOARD STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 2 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY ............................................................................................... 3 

FEEDBACK ............................................................................................................................................... 3 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY ....................................................................................... 4 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE ............................................................................................................. 4 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS .................................................................................................................. 5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ......................................................... 5 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE ......................................................................................................................... 8 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE ............................................................................................................ 9 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT .............................................................................................................................. 10 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY ................................................................................................ 11 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION ................................................................................................................. 12 

ANTI-CORRUPTION ............................................................................................................................... 13 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ..................................................................... 14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

The Board of Spindex Industries Limited (“Spindex” or together with its subsidiaries “the Group”) is 

pleased to publish the Group’s third sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 

(“FY2020”). The report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – 

Core option, and in line with the SGX sustainability reporting requirements. Through the report, the 

Group hopes to provide an overview of our approach, practices and performance of Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics that are most material and relevant to our business.  

 

The Board and Management of Spindex continues to maintain commitment towards transparency in 

sustainability reporting and considers sustainability issues as part of strategic formulation. The 

Management team and functional units have the responsibility to identify, measure and address 

sustainability-related matters on an ongoing basis. The Board determines and endorses the material 

ESG topics presented in this report and maintains oversight of the management of these material ESG 

topics. 

 

In FY2020, the Management together with an external sustainability consultant reviewed and assessed 

the materiality of Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics identified in FY2018. The 

review was referenced against requirements of stakeholders, business activities along the value 

change, and the Group’s operating environment and market. From this review, the Group identified Fair 

Employment practices as a relevant and important topic to monitor and disclose under the Group’s 

sustainability report. This new topic has been incorporated into our sustainability performance 

management framework (see Exhibit 1 in Page 4 of this report) for FY2020. 

As the Group continue to embark on the sustainability journey, we remain committed to building a 

responsible business that delivers sustainable value to our stakeholders over the long term.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY 

This report summaries our approach, management, and performance of the Group’s material ESG 

topics for the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”). As this is our third report, where 

applicable, two year of historical performance data is also included for comparative purposes. The 

scope of this report focuses on the Group’s major operations, namely head office in Singapore, 

operations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), as well as Malaysia and Vietnam.  

 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – “Core” 

reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and internationally accepted 

sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies the location of the 

relevant disclosures. 

 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy of 

data. 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability 

policies, 

processes 

and 

performance. 

Kindly 

address 

all 

feedback 

to 

corporate@spindex.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable 

and thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard 

copies of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

At Spindex, we continue to refine our management approach to adapt to the changing business 

landscape. Since FY2018, where we first embark on sustainability reporting, the Group continues to 

undertake an annual materiality review with an independent external consultant to ensure issues 

disclosed in our sustainability report remain material and relevant.  

The review helped us to identify key areas that impact our ability to create value for our stakeholders. 

In FY2020, from this review, the Group identified Fair Employment practices as a relevant and important 

topic to monitor and disclose under the Group’s sustainability report. This new topic has been 

incorporated into our sustainability performance management framework (see Exhibit 1) for FY2020. 

Exhibit 1. Spindex’s Sustainability Performance Management Framework 

 

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

Three (3) pillars of  

our sustainability performance  

 

Environment 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

Effluents and 

Waste 

 

Fair Employment* 

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic and 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage 

stakeholders for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

*   New topic 

1. Please refer to Financial Statements of Annual Report 2020. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2020. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

The Board considers sustainability issues as part of a larger strategy formulation for long-term value 

creation. The Group approach sustainability by integrating it into our business decision making and 

operations. The Group’s commitment and tone to sustainability comes from the top. The Sustainability 

Steering Committee, comprising senior management executives, reviews material topics, evaluate the 

performance, provides strategic direction on the reporting process, and reports to the Board directly on 

sustainability matters.  

 


5 

 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to 

deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business 

operations. Within the industry, we continue to uphold a reputation for quality and high standards in our 

operations, as well as excellence in our operations management. We are equipped with advanced 

metrology equipment for the most exacting measurement in diameter, roundness and other intricate 

dimensions. The Group aims to ensure that our reject costs are less than 1% of total sales turnover per 

year and to achieve 100% performance rating in terms of quality and delivery performance to our 

customers.  

 

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we are one of the first machining companies in the 

region to be certified by: 

• 

ISO 9001   

• 

ISO 14001 

• 

ISO/TS 16949 

The Group is committed to continue comply with the requirements and continually improve the 

effectiveness of the quality management system. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We adopt a comprehensive approach to identify priority areas based on the business strategy outlined 

in our plan. Our materiality assessments were based on the AA1000 Account Ability Principles of 

Inclusivity and Materiality, as well as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Principles for Defining Report 

Content – stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness.  

 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics and 

indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant environmental and social impacts; and would 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. Guided by external 

sustainability consultant, Management have reviewed the stakeholders across the Group’s value chain 

and identified five (5) key stakeholder groups by their significance and impact of their interest on the 

Group’s business.  

 

 




6 

 

Our key stakeholder groups, how we engage with them, main concerns and expectation, and how we 

respond are summarised in the table below. 

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

How We Engage 

Main Concerns and 

Expectations 

How We Respond 

Employees 

• Meetings 

• Training and 

development 

• Teambuilding activities 

• Annual performance 

appraisals 

• Recreational activities 

• Long-service awards 

• Annual dinners 

• Fair employment 

• Training and career 

development 

opportunities 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

By adopting sound human resource 

policies and practices that promote 

fair treatment, safe working 

conditions, rewards and recognition 

for performance, work-life balance, 

and career growth. 

Customers 

• Monitoring product 

sales 

• Contacts to our 

customer service 

• Feedback channels 

through email 

• Reputation in the 

market 

• Quality control 

By establishing policies for quality 

control and assurance that ensure 

our goods are of excellent quality 

and to promptly address customer 

complaints. 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Meetings with 

institutional investors 

• Survey of institutional 

investors 

• Group’s strategic 

development 

• Current financial 

performance 

• Future business 

outlook 

By appointing an investor relations 

firm on a retainer basis, to 

communicate regularly with the 

analysts. They monitor the 

dissemination of material 

information to ensure that it is 

disclosed to the market in a timely 

manner. In addition, through such 

investor relations firm, the Company 

also holds meetings, on a quarterly 

basis, based on interest levels from 

analysts and shareholders to 

provide greater accessibility to the 

Company. 

 

Business 

Partners 

• Regular meetings 

• Visits 

• Emails 

• Tender process 

• Tender process 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

• Energy-efficiency 

• Product and 

technology updates 

• Performance reviews 

By establishing policies and 

guidelines that ensure a fair 

selection and procurement process, 

and ethical business practices. 

Community 

• Phone and email 

channels 

• Media relations 

• Volunteering activities 

• Contribution to 

communities 

• Business decisions’ 

impact on their 

environment 

• Pollution (air, land, 

water) 

By raising awareness through 

sustainable business practices and 

assessing the potential harmful 

impacts on the environment. 

 

Membership of Associations 

The Group also engages with industry and trade associations through participation as a member. In 

China, Spindex is a member of Shanghai Electro Plating Association and Shanghai Foreign Investment 

Association. In Malaysia, Synturn (M) Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary of the Group, is a member of the 

Federation of Malaysia Manufacturers. 

 


7 

 

Material ESG Topics 

Guided by an external sustainability consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders. The Management together with the Board have assessed 

and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

 

Material ESG Topics 

Commitment &amp; Target 

FY2020 

Key Highlights 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Effluents and Waste 

Ensure waste disposal are in 

full compliance with local 

regulated requirements. 

• Achieved a 12% reduction in hazardous 

waste.  

 

• Achieved 100% conformance to local 

regulated requirements on waste disposal.  

Environmental 

Compliance 

Zero cases of significant 

fines (i.e. more than 5% of 

revenue) or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and 

regulations. 

• Maintained zero incident over the last 3 

years. 

SOCIAL 

 

Fair Employment 

Continue to promote 

diversity and equal 

opportunity in the workplace. 

Comply with local labour 

regulations across our 

operations. 

• The Group continues to embrace diversity 

and equal opportunity in the workplace and 

remained compliant with respective local 

regulations across our operations.  

 

• There was no incident of complaints of 

discrimination against the Group. Please refer 

to Fair Employment for employee gender and 

age breakdown. 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Zero workplace fatalities. 

• Achieved zero fatalities and 100% 

conformance to workplace and health safety 

requirements. 

Training  

and Education 

Ensure learning and 

development roadmap 

account for future skills 

required to improve the 

efficiency of the business. 

• Conducted training needs analysis to ensure 

that there are necessary training interventions 

to enhance employee competencies and 

professional knowledge.  

• 100% of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews. 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Anti-Corruption 

Zero tolerance for bribery, 

corruption, fraud and 

violation of laws and 

regulations. 

• Zero incident of corruption. 

• Zero confirmed whistle-blowing cases. 

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, Management will review annually its material ESG 

focus areas against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global 

and local trends. 


8 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Environmental sustainability forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost 

of natural resources, we endeavour to integrate the best sustainability practices across business 

operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

In our daily operations, the Group continues to be committed on recycling, energy-saving practices and 

undertaking measures to reduce wastages, pollution and harmful emissions. For instance, as part of 

effort to minimise waste generated from operations, plant managers at respective plant have created 

awareness to reuse and recycling, whenever possible.  

 

At our Hanoi plant, we have managed to reuse and lengthened the lifetime of chemical. The Group 

strives to continue its effort to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost of natural 

resources. 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Effluents and waste management is critical for global sustainable development. The Group 

conscientiously monitor our wastes and discharges into the environment and seek to reduce any 

ecological impact. It is thus vital to prioritize waste disposal methods, such as reusing, recycling and 

recovery that minimize residual effects. Treatment of our effluents is also crucial in ensuring that 

hazardous substances do not leach into ecosystems and undergo bio-amplification along the food 

chain.  

 

Waste  

The Group strives to minimise waste generation, increase opportunities for reusing and recycling, as 

well as treat and dispose waste responsibly where other options are not practicable. Hazardous waste 

generated is handled, stored and disposed in a manner that adheres to best practices and meets local 

regulatory requirements. At Spindex, we ensure that our wastes are safely disposed of in prevention of 

the risk of environmental contamination. Hazardous waste typically relates to waste from chemicals that 

may be harmful to human if consumed (e.g plating effluent).  

 

In FY2020, hazardous waste generated amounted to 4,968 tonnes (FY2019: 5,632 tonnes), an 

approximately 12% reduction, a result from effort to bring down level of waste generated from plant 

operations. All hazardous waste generated were managed and disposed of in compliance with local 

regulations by authorised waste contractors.  

 

Non-hazardous waste mainly relates to typical packaging and production waste, comprising of paper, 

plastic, and metallic materials. In FY2020, the amount of non-hazardous waste generated was 

approximately 1,676 tonnes (FY2019: 884 tonnes) and were being disposed of through licensed waste 

collectors for recycling and reuse whenever possible. 

 

Moving forward, the Group will continue to be vigilant on waste management and steadfast in managing 

waste efficiently. The Group will continue to review its waste minimisation practices and strive towards 

reducing adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

 

 


9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact. The Group is committed to comply with all applicable 

Environmental legal requirements enforced by local authorities. Through constant monitoring, 

evaluation and auditing of our ISO 14001 certified environmental management system, the Group 

actively ensures that all its activities and operations comply with existing regulatory requirements. All 

employees of Spindex, third parties’ suppliers and/or vendors, are also encouraged to be proactive and 

forthcoming in managing and reporting environmental related issues and complaints. 

 

In FY2020, aside from a non-significant fine imposed on Synturn (M) Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary of the 

Group in Malaysia for lapses in labelling and maintaining inventory record of hazardous waste, there 

were no other cases of significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations. To prevent further occurrence, internal training was conducted to raise awareness of proper 

waste management.  

 

Moving Forward 

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the Board 

and Management will continue to review and improve current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory requirements.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

SOCIAL 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT  

As workforce demographics shift and global markets emerge, workplace diversity inches closer to 

becoming a business necessity instead of a banner that companies wave to show their commitment to 

embracing differences and change. Employees reap tangible and intangible benefits from workplace 

benefits, not the least of which include respect from co-workers and business gains. 

 

The Group recognise employees as one of our most valuable assets and is committed to fair 

employment practices, upholding human rights principles, and investing in developing and training our 

people. As of 30 June 2020, the Group had a total of 1,764 headcount across our businesses, out of 

which 66% were male due to the nature of the industry.  

Employee Demographics 

Distribution by Gender 

Distribution by Age Group 

 

66% 

 

34%  

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  42% 

  55% 

  3% 

727 

979 

58 

 

 

New Hires  

Resignations  

 

383 

 

520 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

 52% 

201 

 48% 

182 

 65% 

338 

35% 

182 

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  59% 

  40% 

  1% 

228 

152 

3 

 

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  56% 

  42% 

  2% 

291 

217 

12 

 

 

The Group's recruitment process adheres to the strict guidelines on non-discrimination and fairness, 

regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, or age. Beyond providing jobs and caring for our employees 

through comprehensive benefits schemes, we also invest significantly in training and upgrading 

employees to equip them with relevant skills for the future. We strive to foster an inclusive and 

performance driven work environment to attract, retain and develop our talents.  

The Group maintains an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief executive 

officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our employees to provide 

them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business segments, there were no 

reported incidences of discrimination raised by our employees nor grievance cases in FY2020. 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory requirements, 

salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable companies.  

 


11 

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as minimum 

wage laws, where such laws exist. The Group endorses Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices and makes 

contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, a defined pension scheme. For 

employees below 55 years old, Spindex makes an additional contribution of 17% as an employer on 

top of the employee’s 20% contribution.  

 

In support of the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation, eligible working mothers and fathers 

who are legally married and whose new-born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 weeks of 

maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity leave respectively.  Eligible working parents of at least one 

Singapore citizen child who is less than seven years old; or between ages of 7 to 12 (by extension); 

and employed by are entitled to 6 days of paid childcare leave annually.  

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Safety and health at workplace are our topmost priority. The Group strive to raise awareness, maintain 

vigilance and foster a strong safety awareness culture particularly at the ground level by ensuring proper 

trainings are provided to our employees.  

 

Across our plants, we have processes in place to identify, mitigate and report safety risks, and we work 

closely with our third-party vendors and suppliers to ensure that they understand our requirements and 

expectations.  

 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety, and the relaying of workplace safety and 

health (“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety Committee. Collectively as a Group, 

the Safety Committee comprises of both employee and employer representatives. The Safety 

Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards are always upheld 

and also up to industry best practices. In addition, the role and responsibilities of the Safety Committee 

includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards and regulations to ensure 

all areas of safety are adequately covered. The Committee members meet at least once a month to 

review safety inspection results, infrastructures and incidents, as well as to coordinate and organise 

safety-related activities. Going forward, to facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision of workplace 

safety, the Group plans to have more workers join the safety committee. 

 

All near-miss incidents and accidents will be promptly reported to the Safety Committee; this will further 

provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These safety briefings aim to strengthen 

the awareness of our employees’ safety, and also remind them of established safety measures and 

precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar incidents.   

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of fatalities across the Group’s business operations. We strive to 

continue maintain our safety commitment of zero incident and drive continuous improvement in safety 

practices. 

 

Moving forwards, the Group remains committed to maintain a safe and productive environment, free 

from harassment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we expect all our 

employees and individuals who always work at our sites to follow our health and safety policies and 

procedures and be free from substance abuse. We will continue to monitor our plants’ safety 

performance, as well as review existing practices to ensure necessary measures are taken to address 

health and safety risks at the workplace. 


12 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Today’s constantly changing business environment calls for a competitive workforce attuned to the 

latest developments in skills and manufacturing capabilities. The Group recognise and believe that an 

engaged workforce and strong leadership are key drivers for growth, innovation, and sustainability. 

Investing in employee learning and development helps build a resilient and future-ready workforce, 

which will in turn provide a competitive edge for the Group’s future growth and success. Within the 

Group, training and development are identified on employees’ training needs and work requirements. 

 

In FY2020, the Group invested over approximately S$99,000 (FY2019: S$139,000) in training and 

development before any government funding. Majority of the workforce were provided the opportunity 

to attend training and skill upgrading programme. Over the last 3 years, the various countries have 

maintained the average training hours per employee year-on-year. All new employees are required to 

attend our on-boarding program, which aims to integrate new hires into our organisation seamlessly.  

 

Additionally, the Group also conduct an annual training needs analysis to ensure that there are 

necessary training interventions to enhance employee competencies and professional knowledge. Our 

learning and development roadmap account for future skills required to improve the efficiency of the 

business.  

 

Average Training Hours (Per Employee) – FY2020 

 

 

The Group will continue to provide training and education opportunities through comprehensive 

development programmes going forward and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

 

* Average training hours per employee for FY2018 and FY2019 were restated due to exclusion of probation hours in calculation. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3

20

2

7.4

8

22

3

7.7

8

22

2

8.8

Singapore

China

Malaysia

Vietnam *

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020


13 

 

GOVERNANCE (*) 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. The Group maintains a zero-tolerance towards 

bribery, corruption, fraud and violation of laws and regulations and is committed to uphold the highest 

standards of corporate governance and business integrity in all our business activities, which we believe 

are essential for the long-term viability of our businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value.  

The Management and Audit Committee assume the responsibility in supporting the Board in the 

implementation of internal controls and systems, as well as the monitoring of regulatory compliance,  

Given the geographical diversity of our businesses, the Management and Audit Committee maintains 

oversight on the developments in the laws and regulations of countries where the Group operates to 

ensure that our businesses and operations comply with all relevant laws and regulations. The local 

offices also engage with the respective local government authorities and agencies where it operates, 

as a mean to keep abreast of changes to laws and regulations.  

Every year 100% of our employees in all regions are required to declare and acknowledge that they are 

aware of, have read, and are in compliance with the policies, standards, and practices as set out in the 

company’s corporate policies and guidelines. 

*  Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2020. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group maintain a whistle-blowing policy, which provides guidance on suspicion, reporting and 

investigation of fraudulent practices within the Group. Its objectives are to set forth a high standard of 

corporate governance; provide a channel of communication for employees to report fraudulent practices 

and guide employees on available process to address their concerns on suspicious fraudulent activities. 

The Group’s orientation and induction programme for all new employees also includes information on 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related corporate policies including entertainment, gifts and 

whistle-blowing. 

 

The whistle-blowing policy set forth the process for investigation and management reporting. All cases 

reported are objectively and independently investigated, and appropriate remedial measures and 

follow-up are taken where warranted. 

 

 

The Audit Committee maintains oversight of this policy and periodically review the adequacy of the 

whistle-blowing arrangements by which employees of the Company and its Group and any other 

persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting 

or other matters.  

 

During the reporting period, there were no known incidents of corruption, fraud and money laundering 

activity across the Group’s business operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


14 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of SR FY2020 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020  

Notes to The Financial Statements – Note 1 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

8 Boon Lay Way 

8@TradeHub 21, #03-16  

Singapore 609964 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Back Cover of SR FY2020 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020  

Notes to The Financial Statements – Note 1 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020  

Disaggregation of Revenue by Geographical 

Segments 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Headquarters in Singapore with 4 production 

locations located in China, Malaysia and 

Vietnam.  

 

As at 30 Jun 2020, the Group has 1,764 

employees. 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

All organisation’s activities are performed by 

workers who are employees. The Group have 

no temporary or part-time employees. 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Each of the plant is responsible to manage its 

panel of suppliers and ensure resilience in 

supply chain to support day-to-day operations. 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

In FY2020, there were no significant changes in 

the Group’s supply chain or relationship with 

suppliers. 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

SR FY2020 

Page 4 – Strategic Approach for Sustainability 

Page 5 to 7 – Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment   

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

SR FY2020 – Page 5 

Goals &amp; Achievements 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

SR FY2020 – Page 6 

Membership of Associations 


15 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102:  

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020  

– Chairman’s Statement 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020 

Corporate Governance 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

SR FY2020 – Page 4 

Sustainability Governance 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR FY2020 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement  

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR FY2020 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR FY2020 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

SR FY2020 

Page 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 – Material ESG Topics 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to Annual Report FY2020 – 

 Financial Reports 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

SR FY2020 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

SR FY2020 

Page 7 – Material ESG Topics 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

SR FY2020 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2020 Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

SR FY2020 

Page 3 – Feedback 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core Option 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 14 - 16 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance 

for this sustainability report. 


16 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 13 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Zero incidents. 

GRI 306: 

Effluents &amp; Waste 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 8 

Environment Section  

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

SR FY2020 – Page 8 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

306-3 

Significant spills 

Zero incidents of significant spills. 

306-4 

Transport of  

hazardous waste 

SR FY2020 – Page 8 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 9 

Environment Section – Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR FY2020 – Page 9 

Environment Section – Environmental 

Compliance 

GRI 401: 

Fair Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 10 to 11 

Fair Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

SR FY2020 – Page 10 

Fair Employment 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

SR FY2020 – Page 10 to 11 

Fair Employment 

401-3 

Parental leave 

SR FY2020 – Page 10 to 11 

Fair Employment 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 11 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System 

SR FY2020 – Page 11 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment and incident 

investigation 

SR FY2020 – Page 11 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 404  

Training  

&amp; Education 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2020 – Page 12 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

SR FY2020 – Page 12 

Training and Education 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

SR FY2020 – Page 12 

Training and Education 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

100% 

 


17 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Spindex Industries Limited 

8 Boon Lay Way 

#03-16, 8@TradeHub 21 

Singapore 609964 

Emails: Corporate: corporate@spindex.com.sg 

              Sales: cse@spindex.com.sg 

Website: http://www.spindex.com.sg  

Co. Reg No. 198701451M 

 

 

Synturn (M) Sdn Bhd 

6 Jalan Istimewa 7 

Taman Perindustrian Cemerlang 

81800 Ulu Tiram 

Johor Darul 

Takzim Malaysia 

Email: Sales: cse@spindex.com.my 

 

 

Spindex Industries (Hanoi) Co., Ltd 

Lot No. 7A, Noi Bai Industrial Zone 

Quang Tien Commune, Soc Son 

District Hanoi, Vietnam 

Email: Sales: cse@spindex.com.vn 

 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 

475 Fa Sai Road 

WaiGaoQiao Free Trade Zone 

Shanghai PRC Postcode: 200131 

Email: Sales: cse@spindex.com.cn 

 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Suzhou) Co., Ltd 

58 Yin Sheng Road 

ShengPu Development Zone 

Suzhou Industrial Park 

PRC Postcode: 215126 

  Email: Sales: cse_sz@spindex.com.cn 

 

 

 



