
0 

 



 



Spindex Industries Limited 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018 

 

 

 


1 

 

 

 

Contents 

BOARD STATEMENT ......................................................................................................................................... 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

ABOUT THE GROUP.......................................................................................................................................... 3 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 3 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................................................. 3 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY .......................................................................................................... 4 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT .................................................................... 4 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE .................................................................................................................................. 7 

PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY ..................................................................................................................... 8 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY ............................................................................................................. 8 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION............................................................................................................................. 9 

ANTI-CORRUPTION ........................................................................................................................................ 10 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE ........................................................................................................................... 10 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ...................................................................................................................................... 11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

The Board of Spindex Industries Limited (“Spindex” or together with its subsidiaries “the Group”) 

considers sustainability issues as part of strategic formulation and recognises that implementing 

sustainable business practices, together with their transparent disclosure, has become increasingly 

important, especially since the release of the “Comply or Explain” sustainability reporting 

requirements by the Singapore Exchange (SGX).  

 

In FY2018, the Management together with an external sustainability consultant conducted review 

and assessment of the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks and 

opportunities relevant to the Group. The Board determines and endorses the material ESG topics 

presented in this report and maintains oversight of the management of these material ESG topics, 

through periodic review of the key performance indicators. 

 

Through this inaugural Sustainability Report, we aim to communicate our commitment towards 

sustainability, and provide an overview of the Company’s Management approach, priorities, targets 

and performance reviews in key areas.  

 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to 

cse@spindex.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and 

thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard 

copies of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP  

Spindex was founded in 1981. Today it is a highly integrated solution provider of precision 

machined components and assemblies with manufacturing locations in Malaysia, China and 

Vietnam. The Company serves diverse market sectors consisting of MNCs in imaging and printing, 

machinery and automotive systems and consumer-related products. Through investments in 

flexible manufacturing and information technology and an agile organisation, the Company is able 

to constantly reconfigure its resources to customise its products and service to the individual needs 

of its customers. The Group prides itself on its ability to integrate into the supply chain of its 

worldwide customer base and continuously re-invent itself to be at the forefront of today’s global 

marketplace. 

 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic growth 

and to deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our 

business operations. Within the industry, we have also upheld a reputation for quality and high 

standards in our operations, as well as excellence in our operations management.  

 

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we are one of the first machining companies in the 

region to be certified by: 

 

• 

ISO 14001 

• 

ISO/TS 16949 

• 

ISO 9001 

• 

OHSAS 18001  

 

We also have a comprehensive ITE certified in-house training programme and is an approved ITE 

Training Centre in the ITE Skills Certification in Autonomous Maintenance. 

 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

At Spindex, we continue to refine our management approach to adapt to the changing business 

landscape. In FY2018, apart from economic performance, we have with the help of an independent 

external consultant established our sustainability performance management framework. (See 

Exhibit 1) 

Under this framework, we have defined key pillars and the non-financial topics that are material to 

the sustainability of our economic performance and business operations.  

Exhibit 1. Spindex’s Sustainability Performance Management Framework 

 

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

Three (3) pillars of  

our sustainability performance  

 

Environment 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

Effluents and 

Waste 

 

Product Quality and 

Safety  

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

 


4 

 

 

 

 

 

Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic and 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by clustering 

them into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage 

stakeholders for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statement of FY2018 annual report. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance and Risk Management and Internal Controls section of FY2018 annual report. 

 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY 

This report summaries our approach, management and performance of the Group’s material ESG 

topics for the period 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 (FY2018). As this is our first report, where 

applicable, one year of historical performance data is also included for comparative purposes. The 

scope of this report focuses on the Group’s major operations, namely head office in Singapore, 

operations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), as well as Malaysia and Vietnam.  

 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – 

“Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and internationally 

accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies the 

location of the relevant disclosures. 

 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We adopt a comprehensive approach to identify priority areas based on the business strategy 

outlined in our plan. Our materiality assessments were based on the AA1000 Account Ability 

Principles of Inclusivity and Materiality, as well as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Principles 

for Defining Report Content – stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and 

completeness. Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, 

includes topics and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant environmental and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 


5 

 

Guided by external sustainability consultants, Management have reviewed the stakeholders across 

the Group’s value chain and identified five (5) key stakeholder groups. These are stakeholders 

defined as having the most influence over and the highest level of interest in the Group’s operations 

as sets out in Exhibit 2.  

Exhibit 2. Key Stakeholder Groups 

Stakeholders 

How we engage 

Main concerns and 

expectations 

How we respond 

Employees 

• Meetings 

• Training and 

development 

• Teambuilding activities 

• Annual performance 

appraisals 

• Recreational activities 

• Long-service awards 

• Annual dinners 

• Department updates 

• Training and career 

development 

opportunities 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

• Engaging and retaining 

employees 

By adopting sound human resource 

policies and practices that promote fair 

treatment, safe working conditions, 

rewards 

and 

recognition 

for 

performance, work-life balance and 

career growth. 

Customers 

• Monitoring product 

sales 

• Contacts to our 

customer service 

• Feedback channels 

through email 

• Product and service 

quality 

• Group’s reputation in the 

market 

By establishing policies for quality 

control and assurance that ensure our 

goods are of excellent quality and to 

promptly 

address 

customer 

complaints. 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Meetings with 

institutional investors 

• Survey of institutional 

investors 

• Group’s strategic 

development 

• Current financial 

performance 

• Future business outlook 

 

By appointing an investor relations firm 

on a retainer basis, to communicate 

regularly with the analysts. They 

monitor the dissemination of material 

information to ensure that it is 

disclosed to the market in a timely 

manner. In addition, through such 

investor relations firm, the Company 

also holds meetings, on a quarterly 

basis, based on interest levels from 

analysts and shareholders to provide 

greater accessibility to the Company.  

 

Business 

Partners 

• Regular meetings 

• Visits 

• Emails 

• Tender process 

• Integrity and effectiveness 

of the tender process 

• Workplace safety and 

health 

• Energy-efficient fittings 

and products with Green 

labels 

• Product and technology 

updates 

• Performance reviews 

By establishing policies and guidelines 

that ensure a fair selection and 

procurement process, and ethical 

business practices. 

Community 

• Phone and email 

channels 

• Media relations 

• Volunteering activities 

• Contribution to 

communities 

• Business decisions’ 

impact on their 

environment 

• Pollution (air, land, water) 

By 

raising 

awareness 

through 

sustainable business practices and 

assessing 

the 

potential 

harmful 

impacts on the environment. 

 

 

 

 


6 

 

Membership of Associations 

The Group also engages with industry and trade associations through participation as a member. 

In Malaysia, Synturn (M) Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary of the Group, is a member of the Federation of 

Malaysia Manufacturers. 

 

Material ESG Topics 

Guided by an external sustainability consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders. The Management together with the Board have 

assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

 

Material ESG Topics 

Goals and Targets 

FY2018 

Key Highlights 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Effluents and Waste 

Maintain zero non-conformance 

to local regulated requirements. 

• No non-conformance to local regulated 

requirements on waste disposal.  

• Zero significant spills. 

SOCIAL 

 

Product Quality and 

Safety 

Maintain existing quality 

accreditation. 

 

Ensure that our reject costs are 

less than 1% of total sales 

turnover per year  

 

Achieve 100% performance 

rating in terms of quality 

performance and delivery 

performance to our customers.  

• Plants certified to meet the ISO 9001 quality 

management system, ISO 14001 environmental 

management system and OHSAS 1800 

occupational health and safety. 

• Achieved significant reduction in reject costs of as 

a proportion of total sales turnover. 

• Achieved awards from customer for excellent 

performance rating in terms of quality performance 

and delivery performance to our customers. 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Maintain zero accident at 

workplace. 

• Zero fatalities. 

• Plant safety performance reviewed periodically by 

the Management. 

Training  

and Education 

Ensure learning and 

development roadmap account 

for future skills required to 

improve the efficiency of the 

business. 

• Conducted training needs analysis to ensure that 

there are necessary training interventions to 

enhance employee competencies and professional 

knowledge.  

• 100% of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews. 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Anti-Corruption 

Zero tolerance for bribery, 

corruption, fraud and violation of 

laws and regulations. 

• Zero incident of corruption. 

• Zero confirmed whistle-blowing cases. 

Regulatory Compliance 

(including socio-economic 

and environmental 

compliance) 

• Zero cases of regulatory non-compliance. 

• No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 


7 

 

 

The Group strives to embrace the UN Global Compact and at present adopts a best-effort approach 

in observing the spirit and intent of the ten principles. Although its efforts to uphold the ten principles 

are not presently embedded in its operational policy and procedure documentation, the work culture 

of Spindex’s businesses is consistent with the principles. 

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, Management will review annually its material 

ESG focus areas against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging 

global and local trends. 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Environmental sustainability forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources, we endeavour to integrate the best sustainability practices across 

business operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem. In our daily 

operations, the Group continues to be committed on recycling, energy-saving practices and 

undertaking measures to reduce wastages, pollution and harmful emissions. 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Effluents and waste management is critical for global sustainable development. The Group 

conscientiously monitor our discharges into the environment and seek to reduce any ecological 

impact. It is thus vital to prioritize waste disposal methods, such as reusing, recycling and recovery 

that minimize residual effects. Treatment of our effluents is also crucial in ensuring that hazardous 

substances do not leach into ecosystems and undergo bio-amplification along the food chain.  

 

Waste  

The Group strives to minimise waste generation, increase opportunities for reusing and recycling, 

as well as treat and dispose waste responsibly where other options are not practicable. Hazardous 

waste generated is handled, stored and disposed in a manner that adheres to best practices and 

meets local regulatory requirements. At Spindex, we ensure that our wastes are safely disposed of 

in prevention of the risk of environmental contamination. Hazardous waste typically relates to waste 

from chemicals that may be harmful to human if consumed (e.g plating effluent). In FY2018, 

hazardous waste generated amounted to 3,690 tonnes. All hazardous waste generated is managed 

and disposed of in compliance with local regulations by authorised waste contractors. 

 

Non-hazardous waste mainly relates to typical packaging and production waste, comprising of 

paper, plastic and metallic materials. In FY2018, the amount of non-hazardous waste generated 

amounted to 1,046 tonnes and were being disposed of through licensed waste collectors for 

recycling and reuse whenever possible. 

 

Moving Forward 

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the 

Management will continue to review and improve current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory 

requirements.  


8 

 

SOCIAL 

PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY 

At Spindex, we are equipped with advanced metrology equipment for the most exacting 

measurement in diameter, roundness and other intricate dimensions. We aim to ensure that our 

reject costs are less than one percent of total sales turnover per year and to achieve one hundred 

percent performance rating in terms of quality performance and one hundred percent in terms 

delivery performance to our customers.  

 

•  Quality is our basic business principle. 

• Quality means providing our external and internal customers with innovative products and  

   services that fully satisfy their requirements. 

•  Quality improvement is the responsibility of every Spindex’s employees.  

 

The Group is committed to comply with the requirements and continually improve the effectiveness 

of the quality management system. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Safety and health at workplace are our topmost priority. The Group strive to raise awareness, 

maintain vigilance and foster a strong safety awareness culture particularly at the ground level by 

ensuring proper trainings are provided to our employees. Across our plants, we have processes in 

place to identify, mitigate and report safety risks, and we work closely with our third-party vendors 

and suppliers to ensure that they understand our requirements and expectations.  

 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety, and the relaying of workplace safety 

and health (“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety Committee. Collectively as a 

Group, the Safety Committee comprises of both employee and employer representatives. The 

Safety Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards are upheld 

at all times and also up to industry best practices. In addition, the role and responsibilities of the 

Safety Committee includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards 

and regulations to ensure all areas of safety are adequately covered. The Committee members 

meet at least once a month to review safety inspection results, infrastructures and incidents, as 

well as to coordinate and organise safety-related activities. Going forward, in order to facilitate the 

effectiveness of the supervision of workplace safety, the Group plans to have more workers join 

the safety committee. 

 

All near-miss incidents and accidents will be promptly reported to the Safety Committee; this will 

further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These safety briefings aim to 

strengthen the awareness of our employees’ safety, and also remind them of established safety 

measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar incidents.   

 

In FY2018, there were no incidents of fatalities across the Group’s business operations. We strive 

to continue maintain our safety commitment of zero incident and drive continuous improvement in 

safety practices. 

 


9 

 

The Group maintains an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business 

segments, there were no grievance cases reported in FY2018. 

 

Moving forwards, the Group remains committed to maintain a safe and productive environment, 

free from harassment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we expect 

all our employees and individuals who always work at our sites to follow our health and safety 

policies and procedures and be free from substance abuse. We will continue to monitor our plants’ 

safety performance, as well as review existing practices to ensure necessary measures are taken 

to address health and safety risks at the workplace. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Today’s constantly changing business environment calls for a competitive workforce attuned to the 

latest developments in skills and manufacturing capabilities. Investing in employee learning and 

development helps build a resilient and future-ready workforce, which will in turn provide a 

competitive edge for the Group’s future growth and success. Our employees acquire skills and 

expertise which will distinguish them from the market through opportunities provided by us and our 

industry partner networks. 

 

To encourage and support our employees to develop their fullest potential and have a fulfilling 

career, the Groups places priority on learning and development programmes. Training and 

development are identified on employees’ training needs and work requirements. All new 

employees are required to attend our on-boarding program, which aims to integrate new hires into 

our organisation seamlessly.  

 

Additionally, we conduct an annual training needs analysis to ensure that there are necessary 

training interventions to enhance employee competencies and professional knowledge. Our 

learning and development roadmap account for future skills required to improve the efficiency of 

the business. In FY2018, the Group invested over approximately S$106,000 in training and 

development before government funding. Majority of the workforce was provided the opportunity 

to attend the training. 

 

Average Training Hours (Per Employee) – FY2018 

Singapore 

Malaysia 

China 

Vietnam 

2.8 hrs 

1.8 hrs 

20.3 hrs 

96.0 hrs 

 

The Group will continue to provide training and education opportunities through comprehensive 

development programmes going forward and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

 

 

 


10 

 

GOVERNANCE (*NOTE) 

The Group is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity in all our business activities, which we believe are essential for the long-term viability of 

our businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. Given the geographical diversity of our 

businesses, we closely monitor developments in the laws and regulations of countries where the 

Group operates to ensure that our businesses and operations comply with all relevant laws and 

regulations. The Group also engage with the respective local government authorities and agencies 

where it operates, as a mean to keep abreast of changes to laws and regulations. 

 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk 

but potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. The Group maintains a zero-tolerance 

towards bribery, corruption, fraud and violation of laws and regulations. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group continue to maintain a whistle-blowing policy, which provides guidance on suspicion, 

reporting and investigation of fraudulent practices within the Group. Its objectives are to maintain a 

high standard of corporate governance; provide a channel of communication for employees to 

report fraudulent practices and guide employees on available process to address their concerns 

on suspicious fraudulent activities. The whistle-blowing policy also provides the process for 

investigation and management reporting. All cases reported are objectively and independently 

investigated, and appropriate remedial measures and follow-up are taken where warranted. 

 

The Audit Committee maintains oversight of this policy and periodically review the adequacy of the 

whistle-blowing arrangements by which employees of the Company and its Group and any other 

persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial 

reporting or other matters. During the reporting period, there were no incidents of corruption. 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk 

but potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. All employees of Spindex, third parties’ 

suppliers and/or vendors, are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and 

reporting environmental and social related issues and complaints. 

 

During the reporting period, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to 

environmental and social-related issues. 

 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and the 

implementation of effective compliance and governance systems. At an operational level, the 

respective business segments and department within business segments continues to be 

responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, and 

manage their financial, operational, compliance and reputational related risks. 

 

*Note:  Please refer to the Corporate Governance and Risk Management and Internal Controls section of FY2018 annual report. 

 

 


11 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Pages 1 to 3 and 38 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2018 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Pages 38 and 50 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other 

workers 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

Our Approach (Page 3 to 4) 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

 

Goals and Achievements (Page 3) 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Membership of Associations (Page 6) 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

        GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

 

Pages 1 to 3 of Annual Report FY2018 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

 

Corporate Governance Section of Annual 

Report FY2018 


12 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5) 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5) 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5) 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5) 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Page 58 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Reporting Practice And Boundary (Page 4) 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Material ESG Factors (Page 6) 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

FY2018 (1 July 2017- 30 June 2018) 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

Feedback (Page 2) 


13 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core Option (33 items) 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index (Page 11 to 13) 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

None 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Environmental Compliance (Page 7) 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental Compliance (Page 7) 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 47 of Annual Report of FY2018 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that 

are not provided to 

temporary or part-time 

employees 

Page 47 of Annual Report of FY2018 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 47 of Annual Report of FY2018 

 

 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Occupational Health and Safety 

(Page 8 to 9) 

 

403-2 

 

Types of injury and rate of 

injury 

Occupational Health and Safety 

(Page 8 to 9) 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Training and Education (Page 9) 

 

404-1 

Average hours of 

training per year per 

employee 

Training and Education (Page 9) 

 

 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

Training and Education (Page 9) 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

Spindex Industries Limited 

8 Boon Lay Way 

#03-16, 8@TradeHub 21 

Singapore 609964 

Tel: (65) 6268 0078 

Fax: (65) 6268 5034 

Email: cse@spindex.com.sg 

Website: http://www.spindex.com.sg 

Co. Reg No. 198701451M 

 

Synturn (M) Sdn Bhd 

6 Jalan Istimewa 7 

Taman Perindustrian Cemerlang 

81800 Ulu Tiram 

Johor Darul Takzim 

Malaysia 

Tel: (60) 7863 2633 

Fax: (60) 7863 2629 

Email: cse@spindex.com.my 

 

Spindex Industries (Hanoi) Co., Ltd 

Lot No. 7A, Noi Bai Industrial Zone 

Quang Tien Commune, Soc Son District 

Hanoi, Vietnam 

Tel: (84) 4 3582 1633 

Fax: (84) 4 3582 1555 

Email: cse@spindex.com.vn 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 

475 Fa Sai Road 

WaiGaoQiao Free Trade Zone 

Shanghai PRC Postcode: 200131 

Tel: (86) 21 5048 1183 

Fax: (86) 21 5048 1180 

Email: cse@spindex.com.cn 

 

Spindex Precision Engineering (Suzhou) Co., Ltd 

58 Yin Sheng Road 

ShengPu Development Zone 

Suzhou Industrial Park 

PRC Postcode: 215126 

Tel: (86) 512 6701 0598 

Fax: (86) 512 6701 0599 

Email: cse_sz@spindex.com.cn 

 



