
SPINDEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2021 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SPINDEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 




1 

 

CONTENTS 

BOARD STATEMENT ........................................................................................................... 2 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY ........................................................................ 3 

FEEDBACK .......................................................................................................................... 3 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY ............................................................... 4 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE ....................................................................................... 4 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS ............................................................................................ 5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT................................ 5 

ENERGY ............................................................................................................................... 8 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE ................................................................................................... 9 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE ..................................................................................... 10 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT .......................................................................................................... 11 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY .......................................................................... 12 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION ............................................................................................ 14 

ANTI-CORRUPTION........................................................................................................... 15 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (“GRI”) CONTENT INDEX ........................................... 16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

The Board of Spindex Industries Limited (“Spindex” or together with its subsidiaries “the Group”) is 

pleased to publish the Group’s fourth sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 

(“FY2021”). The report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – 

Core option, and in line with the SGX sustainability reporting requirements. Through the report, the 

Group hopes to provide an overview of our approach, practices and performance of Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics that are most material and relevant to our business.  

 

The Board and Management of Spindex continues to maintain its commitment towards transparency in 

sustainability reporting and considers sustainability issues as part of strategic formulation. We are 

committed to sustainable development of the business. The Management team and functional units 

have the responsibility to identify, measure and address sustainability-related matters on an ongoing 

basis to ensure that all key areas are being monitored and addressed. The Board determines and 

endorses the material ESG topics presented in this report and maintains oversight of the management 

of these material ESG topics. 

 

In FY2021, the Management together with an external sustainability consultant reviewed and assessed 

the materiality of Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics identified. The review was 

referenced against requirements of stakeholders, business activities along the value change, and the 

Group’s operating environment and market where the Group operates. From this review, the Group has 

additionally identified Energy practices as a relevant and important topic to monitor and disclose under 

the Group’s sustainability report. This new topic has been incorporated into our sustainability 

performance management framework for FY2021. 

 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic since early 2020 had caused disruptions and brought 

challenges to many businesses. Despite the challenges encountered (e.g. periodic shutdowns of 

manufacturing plants due to Movement Control Orders (“MCO”) / Safe Management Measures (“SMM”) 

imposed due to COVID-19 pandemic, compliance with Safe Management Measures at workplace, 

potential shortages of raw materials, delay in outgoing shipments and those in transit, increased 

commodity price), Spindex had actively managed the situation and performed well in FY2021 with 

record revenue growth. To this extent, Spindex has been working closely with suppliers and customers 

to minimise potential supply chain disruptions caused by the uncertainties faced.  

 

Employees’ safety and wellbeing has always been the utmost priority for Spindex. We continually create 

a safe and healthy working environment for our employees. Besides providing a safe working 

environment, which is fundamental, we have also looked into the mental wellbeing of employees. 

Various initiatives have been introduced while adhering to the safety distance measures required by 

local countries to recognise the effort and hard work of our employees.  

 

As the Group continues our sustainability journey, we remain committed to building a responsible 

business that delivers sustainable value to our stakeholders over the long term. We are committed to 

do our part to support the achievement of sustainable development initiatives for all countries we are 

operating in to create a sustainable future. 

 

 

 


3 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE AND BOUNDARY 

This report summarises our approach, management, and performance of the Group’s material ESG 

topics for the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 (“FY2021”). Historical performance data of 

previous 2 years, where applicable, are included for comparative purposes. The scope of this report 

focuses on the Group’s major operations, namely head office in Singapore, operations in the People’s 

Republic of China (“PRC”), as well as Malaysia and Vietnam.  

 

This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – “Core” 

reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and internationally accepted 

sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies the location of the 

relevant disclosures. 

 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records. The Group has not sought external assurance for this 

sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy of data. 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability 

policies, 

processes 

and 

performance. 

Kindly 

address 

all 

feedback 

to 

corporate@spindex.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable 

and thriving business. As an effort to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard copies 

of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

At Spindex, we continue to refine our management approach to adapt to the changing business 

landscape. Since FY2018, where we first embark on sustainability reporting, the Group continues to 

undertake an annual materiality review with an independent external consultant to ensure issues 

disclosed in our sustainability report remain current, material and relevant.  

The review helped us to identify key areas that impact our ability to create value for our stakeholders. 

In FY2021, from this review, the Group identified Energy practices as a relevant and important topic to 

monitor and disclose under the Group’s sustainability report. This new topic has been incorporated into 

our sustainability performance management framework (see Exhibit 1) for FY2021. 

Exhibit 1. Spindex’s Sustainability Performance Management Framework 

 

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

Three (3) pillars of  

our sustainability performance  

 

Environment 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy* 

 

Fair Employment 

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

Effluents and 

Waste 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic and 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage 

stakeholders for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

*   New topic 

1. Please refer to Financial Statements of Annual Report 2021. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2021. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

The Board considers sustainability issues as part of a larger strategy formulation for long-term value 

creation. The Group approaches sustainability by integrating it into our business decision making and 

operations and the Group’s commitment towards sustainability comes from the top. The Board, with 

support from Audit Committee and Senior Management team will review material topics, evaluate the 

performance and provide strategic direction on the reporting process. Senior Management team has a 

direct reporting line to the Board and Audit Committee on sustainability-related matters. 

 


5 

 

GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

The Group aims to continuously seek business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to 

deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business 

operations. Within the industry, we continue to uphold a reputation for quality and high standards in our 

operations, as well as excellence in our operations management. We are equipped with advanced 

metrology equipment for the most exacting measurement in diameter, roundness and other intricate 

dimensions. The Group aims to ensure that our scrap costs are less than 1% of total sales turnover per 

year and to achieve 100% performance rating in terms of quality and delivery performance to our 

customers.  

 

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we are one of the first machining companies in the 

region to be certified by: 

• 

ISO 9001;    

• 

ISO 14001; and 

• 

IATF 16949. 

The Group is committed to comply with the requirements and continually improve the effectiveness of 

the quality management system. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We adopt a comprehensive approach to identify priority areas based on the business strategy outlined 

in our plan. Our materiality assessments were based on the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles of 

Inclusivity and Materiality, as well as the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Principles for Defining 

Report Content – stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness.  

 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics and 

indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant environmental and social impacts; and would 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. Guided by external 

sustainability consultant, Management have reviewed the stakeholders across the Group’s value chain 

and identified five (5) key stakeholder groups by their significance and impact of their interest on the 

Group’s business.  

 

 

 

 

 




6 

 

Our key stakeholder groups, how we engage with them, main concerns and expectation, and how we 

respond are summarised in the table below. 

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

How We Engage 

Main Concerns and 

Expectations 

How We Respond 

Employees 

• Meetings 

• Training and 

development 

• Annual 

performance 

appraisals 

• Long-service 

awards 

• Fair employment 

• Training and career 

development opportunities 

• Workplace safety and health 

By 

adopting 

sound 

human 

resource 

policies 

and 

best 

practices 

that 

promote 

fair 

treatment, 

safe 

working 

conditions, 

rewards 

and 

recognition 

for 

performance, 

work-life balance and career 

growth. 

Customers 

• Monitoring 

product sales 

• Contacts to our 

customer 

service 

• Feedback 

channels 

through email 

• Reputation in the market 

• Quality control 

By 

establishing 

policies 

for 

quality control and assurance 

that ensure our goods are of 

excellent quality and to promptly 

address customer complaints. 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Annual General 

Meeting 

• Meetings with 

institutional 

investors 

• Survey of 

institutional 

investors 

• Group’s strategic development 

• Current financial performance 

• Future business outlook 

 

By 

appointing 

an 

investor 

relations firm on a retainer basis, 

to communicate regularly with 

the analysts. They monitor the 

dissemination 

of 

material 

information to ensure that it is 

disclosed to the market in a 

timely 

manner. 

In 

addition, 

through such investor relations 

firm, the Company also holds 

meetings, on a quarterly basis, 

based on interest levels from 

analysts and shareholders to 

provide greater accessibility to 

the Company.  

 

Suppliers 

• Regular 

meetings 

• Visits 

• Emails 

• Tender process 

• Transparency with tender 

process 

• Workplace safety and health 

• Energy-efficiency 

• Product and technology 

updates 

• Performance reviews 

By establishing policies and 

guidelines that ensure a fair 

selection 

and 

procurement 

process, and ethical business 

practices. 

Community 

• Phone and 

email channels 

• Media relations 

• Volunteering 

activities 

• Contribution to communities 

• Business decisions’ impact on 

their environment 

• Pollution (air, land, water) 

By raising awareness through 

sustainable business practices 

and 

assessing 

the 

potential 

harmful 

impacts 

on 

the 

environment. 

Note - Due to COVID-19 situation, large group gathering such as annual dinner with employees were cancelled and all social activities with 

stakeholders were carried out according to guidelines imposed by the respective Government Authorities where the Group operates. 

 

 

 


7 

 

Membership of Associations 

The Group also engages with industry and trade associations through participation as a member, which 

are: 

• 

Singapore – Spindex Industries Limited is a member of the Singapore Precision Engineering 

and Technology Association (SPETA); 

• 

China – Spindex Precision Engineering (Shanghai) Co., Ltd is a member of Shanghai Electro 

Plating Association and Shanghai Pudong Waisheng Investment Enterprise Association; and  

• 

Malaysia - Synturn (M) Sdn. Bhd is a member of the Federation of Malaysia Manufacturers. 

 

Material ESG Topics 

Guided by an external sustainability consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders, the Management together with the Board have assessed 

and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

 

Material ESG Topics 

Commitment &amp; Target 

FY2021 

Key Highlights 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Energy 

Continue to minimise carbon 

footprint and conserve energy 

consumption. 

• The Group continues to embed energy 

conservancy concept into daily operations. 

Please refer to Energy section for adopted 

initiatives. 

Effluents and Waste 

Ensure waste disposal are in 

full 

compliance 

with 

local 

regulated requirements. 

• Achieved 

100% 

conformance 

to 

local 

regulated requirements on waste disposal.  

Environmental 

Compliance 

Zero cases of significant fines 

(i.e. more than 5% of revenue) 

or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws and 

regulations. 

• Maintained zero incident over the last 3 years. 

SOCIAL 

 

Fair Employment 

Continue to promote diversity 

and equal opportunity in the 

workplace. 

Comply 

with 

local 

labour 

regulations 

across 

our 

operations. 

• The Group continues to embrace diversity 

and equal opportunity in the workplace and 

remained compliant with respective local 

regulations 

across 

our 

operations.  

 

• There was no incident of complaints of 

discrimination against the Group. Please refer 

to Fair Employment for employee gender and 

age breakdown. 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Zero workplace fatalities. 

• Achieved 

zero 

fatalities 

and 

100% 

conformance to workplace and health safety 

requirements. 

Training  

and Education 

Ensure 

learning 

and 

development roadmap account 

for future skills required to 

improve the efficiency of the 

business. 

• Conducted training needs analysis to ensure 

that there are necessary training interventions 

to enhance employee competencies and 

professional knowledge.  

• 100% 

of 

employees 

receiving 

regular 

performance 

and 

career 

development 

reviews. 

 

 


8 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Anti-Corruption 

Zero 

tolerance 

for 

bribery, 

corruption, fraud and violation of 

laws and regulations. 

• Zero incident of corruption. 

• Zero confirmed whistle-blowing cases. 

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, Management will review annually its material ESG 

focus areas against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global 

and local trends. 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

Environmental sustainability forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost 

of natural resources, we endeavour to integrate the best sustainability practices across business 

operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

The Group, headquartered in Singapore, has manufacturing plants in China (Suzhou and Shanghai), 

Malaysia (Johor) and Vietnam (Hanoi). As the Group’s head office does not engage in manufacturing, 

the scope of the environment section will be focusing on these 4 manufacturing plants. 

 

In our daily operations, the Group continues to be committed on recycling, energy-saving practices and 

undertaking measures to reduce wastages, pollution and harmful emissions. For instance, as part of 

effort to minimise waste generated from operations, Plant Managers at respective plant have created 

awareness campaign and initiatives to reuse and recycling, whenever possible.  

 

At our Hanoi plant, we have managed to reuse and lengthened the lifetime of chemical. The Group 

strives to continue its effort to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost of natural 

resources. 

 

ENERGY 

In FY2021, majority (i.e. 35.9 million kWh) of the energy consumption were supplied by the local utilities 

service provider. Our manufacturing consumption includes using diesel for manufacturing purposes 

(e.g. operating forklift) and such energy consumption accounts for about &lt;1% of total energy 

consumption in FY2021. 

 

The Head Office and respective Plant Managers monitor energy consumption on a monthly basis. For 

respective plants, the energy consumption will be monitored and tracked with the production activities 

and output. In addition, month-to-month comparison will also be performed to detect irregularities, if 

any. In the event of such irregularities, the Managing Director and Group Financial Controller will 

discuss with the Plant Manager during their monthly meeting to further understand the root causes and 

identify if any other methods to improve energy efficiency. 

 

Throughout the years, the Group has progressively introduced various energy-saving measures such 

as prioritise selection of energy-saving electrical devices, retrofitting current lighting with energy efficient 

LED light bulbs and switching off electrical device and machines during idle time.  

 

In FY2021, solar panels were installed for both Synturn plants in Malaysia and was operational during 

the first half of FY2021.  


9 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Strive to maintain and achieve energy efficiency and a balance energy usage that correlates 

with business growth 

✓ Continue to monitor energy consumption and embed energy conservancy concept in our 

operations 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Effluents and waste management is critical for global sustainable development. The Group 

conscientiously monitors our wastes and discharges into the environment and seek to reduce any 

ecological impact. It is thus vital to prioritize waste disposal methods, such as reusing, recycling and 

recovery that minimize residual effects. Treatment of our effluents is also crucial in ensuring that 

hazardous substances do not leach into ecosystems and undergo bio-amplification along the food 

chain.  

 

Waste  

Hazardous waste generated is handled, stored and disposed in a manner that adheres to best practices 

and meets local regulatory requirements. At Spindex, we ensure that our wastes are safely disposed of 

in prevention of the risk of environmental contamination. Hazardous waste typically relates to waste 

from chemicals that may be harmful to human if consumed (e.g plating effluent).  

 

All waste generated will be subject to reuse and recycle process. Hazardous waste will be channelled 

into containers and kept at the hazardous waste store. Non-hazardous waste will be stored in tanks, 

and the waste level is calculated based on how many trips the waste collectors make. 

 

The Head Office and respective Plant Managers monitor waste generated on a monthly basis. For 

respective plants, the waste generated will be monitored and tracked with the production activities and 

output. In addition, month-to-month comparisons will also be made to detect irregularities. In the event 

of such irregularities, the Managing Director and Group Financial Controller will discuss with the Plant 

General Manager during their monthly meeting to further understand the root causes and identify if any 

other methods to minimise waste generation. 

 

In FY2021, the amount of hazardous waste generated increased by approximately 49% to 7,413 tonnes, 

compared to 4,968 tonnes in FY2020. All hazardous waste generated were managed and disposed of 

in compliance with local regulations by authorised waste contractors.  

 

Non-hazardous waste mainly relates to typical packaging and production waste, comprising of paper, 

plastic, and metallic materials. In FY2021, the amount of non-hazardous waste generated was 

approximately 3,924 tonnes (FY2020: 2,746 tonnes*). All non-hazardous waste were disposed through 

licensed waste collectors for recycling and reuse whenever possible. 

*FY2020 figure for non-hazardous waste has been re-instated for comparison. 

 

The increase for both hazardous and non-hazardous waste is attributable to both an increase in 

production from higher sales across all the plants, whereby our products are in higher demand due to 

COVID-19. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Strive to minimise waste generation and increase opportunities for reusing and recycling, as 

well as treat and dispose waste responsibly where other options are not practicable 

✓ Continue to be vigilant on waste management and steadfast in managing waste efficiently 

✓ Continue to review waste minimisation practices and strives towards reducing adverse 

environmental impact on the ecosystem 


10 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact. Through constant monitoring, evaluation and auditing of ISO 

14001 certified environmental management system, the Group actively ensures that all its activities and 

operations comply with existing regulatory requirements. All employees of Spindex, third parties’ 

suppliers and/or vendors, are also encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and 

reporting environmental related issues and complaints. 

 

In FY2021, there were no cases of significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

laws and regulations. We are committed to maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, 

our commitment and target, the Board and Management will continue to review and improve current 

environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and operations 

comply with existing regulatory requirements. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Committed to comply with ISO 14001 and all other applicable environmental legal requirements 

enforced by local authorities. 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

SOCIAL 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT  

As workforce demographics shift and global markets emerge, workplace diversity inches closer to 

becoming a business necessity instead of a banner that companies wave to show their commitment to 

embracing differences and change. Employees reap tangible and intangible benefits from workplace 

benefits, not the least of which include respect from co-workers and business gains. 

 

The Group recognises employees as one of our most valuable assets and is committed to fair 

employment practices, upholding human rights principles, and investing in developing and training our 

people. As of 30 June 2021, the Group, inclusive of head office and all manufacturing plants, had a total 

of 1,703 headcount across our businesses, out of which 63% were male due to the nature of the 

industry.  

Employee Demographics 

Distribution by Gender 

Distribution by Age Group 

 

63% 

 

37%  

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  38% 

  58% 

  4% 

651 

989 

63 

 

 

New Hires  

Resignations  

 

500 

 

492 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

 55% 

274 

 45% 

226 

 60% 

293 

40% 

199 

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  57% 

  43% 

&lt;1% 

284 

215 

1 

 

&lt; 30 

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

  58% 

  40% 

  2% 

283 

198 

11 

 

 

 

Note – The headcounts above excludes contract and temporary workers. 

 

The Group's recruitment process adheres to the strict guidelines on non-discrimination and fairness, 

regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, or age. Beyond providing jobs and caring for our employees 

through comprehensive benefits schemes, we also invest significantly in training and upgrading 

employees to equip them with relevant skills for the future. 

The Group maintains an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief executive 

officer and/or independent directors. Across our business segments, there were no reported incidences 

of discrimination raised by our employees nor grievance cases in FY2021. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and 

develop our talents 

✓ Strictly prohibits discrimination and maintain a track record of zero incidents of reported 

discrimination 

✓ Continue to reinforce our commitment to providing a healthy, safe and secure workplace for our 

employees 


12 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory requirements, 

salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable companies.  

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as minimum 

wage laws, where such laws exist. The Group endorses Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices and makes 

contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, a defined pension scheme. For 

employees below 55 years old, Spindex makes an additional contribution of 17% as an employer on 

top of the employee’s 20% contribution.  

 

In support of the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation, eligible working mothers and fathers 

who are legally married and whose new-born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 weeks of 

maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity leave respectively. Eligible working parents of at least one 

Singapore citizen child who is less than seven years old; or between ages of 7 to 12 (by extension); 

and employed by are entitled to 6 days of paid childcare leave annually. As of 30 June 2021, 100% 

employees returned to work after parental leave. 

 

In addition, the Group provides Group Hospital &amp; Surgical insurance as well as supplementary coverage 

for COVID-19 and annual health screenings for all employees in head office and our manufacturing 

plants. 

 

In FY2021, in view of COVID-19 pandemic, social activities and large group gathering with employees 

have been cancelled. As part of employees’ wellbeing initiatives, respective subsidiaries have initiated 

different measures such as giving out shopping credits and birthday vouchers, distribution of festival 

goods to employees and organising small size celebration (i.e. lunch part for long service employees) 

with adherence to local safe distancing measures. In response to COVID-19, employees were given 

health care packs that included Vitamin C tablets, masks and test kits.  

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Committed to comply fully with local labour regulations across all operations, as well as 

minimum wage laws, where such laws exist 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Safety and health at workplace are our topmost priority. The Group strives to raise awareness, maintain 

vigilance, and foster a strong safety awareness culture particularly at the ground level by ensuring 

proper trainings are provided to our employees.  

 

Across our plants, we have processes in place to identify, mitigate and report safety risks, and we work 

closely with our third-party vendors and suppliers to ensure that they understand our requirements and 

expectations.  

 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety, and the relaying of workplace safety and 

health (“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety Committee. Collectively as a Group, 

the Safety Committee comprises of both employee and employer representatives. The Safety 

Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards are always upheld 

and up to industry best practices. In addition, the role and responsibilities of the Safety Committee 

includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards and regulations to ensure 


13 

 

all areas of safety are adequately covered. The Committee members meet at least once a month to 

review safety inspection results, infrastructures, and incidents, as well as to coordinate and organise 

safety-related activities. Going forward, to facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision of workplace 

safety, the Group plans to have more workers join the Safety Committee. 

 

The Group’s initiative to encourage workers to join the Safety Committee empowers them on their own 

rights to workspace safety and encourages them to report any unsafe situations. Safety is primary 

priority and the Group ensures that all occurrences are investigated, with follow-up actions to improve 

where viable. 

 

All near-miss incidents and accidents will be promptly reported to the Safety Committee. With timely 

reporting, the Group ensure that all injured workers are timely attended to, cause of incidents are 

investigated and incident analysis briefings are provided to the employees as soon as feasible. These 

safety briefings aim to strengthen the awareness of our employees’ safety, and remind them of 

established safety measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar 

incidents. 

 

In FY2021, there were no incidents of fatalities across the Group’s business operations. We strive to 

maintain our safety commitment of zero incident and drive continuous improvement in safety practices. 

 

Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, it had caused a significant influence on numerous 

businesses and their employees. In order to safeguard the health and safety of our employees, 

customers and stakeholders, the Group adopted corresponding safety measures in accordance with 

the local government requirements such as safe distancing, temperature taking, regular disinfection 

and safety checks on visitors to our premises. The Group will continue to monitor and ensure adherence 

to safety measures as advised by local government authorities.  

 

In FY2021, a cluster of confirmed COVID-19 cases were detected for our Malaysia plant, in which all 

cases have subsequently recovered. On top of regulatory requirements, the local management had 

immediately implemented additional safety measures, which included splitting its on-site teams further, 

isolating all the infected employees in dedicated lodging, providing adequate medical assistance and 

increased the frequency of testing. There were no reported cases of COVID-19 infections for our other 

plants. 

 

Moving forward, the Group remains committed to maintain a safe and productive environment, free from 

harassment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we expect all our 

employees and individuals who always work at our sites to follow our health and safety policies and 

procedures and be free from substance abuse. We will continue to monitor our plants’ safety 

performance, as well as review existing practices to ensure necessary measures are taken to address 

health and safety risks at the workplace. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

 

✓ Strive to raise awareness, maintain vigilance, and foster a strong safety awareness culture 

particularly at ground level by ensuring that proper trainings are provided to employees 

✓ Have more workers to join the Safety Committee to facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision 

of workplace safety 

✓ Strive to maintain our safety commitment to zero incident and drive continuous improvement in 

safety practices 

✓ Continue to monitor and ensure adherence to COVID-19 safety measures advised by the local 

regulatory authorities 

 


14 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Today’s constantly changing business environment calls for a competitive workforce attuned to the 

latest developments in skills and manufacturing capabilities. The Group recognises and believes that 

an engaged workforce and strong leadership are key drivers for growth, innovation, and sustainability. 

Investing in employee learning and development helps build a resilient and future-ready workforce, 

which will in turn provide a competitive edge for the Group’s future growth and success. Within the 

Group, training and development are identified on employees’ training needs and work requirements. 

 

In FY2021, the Group invested over approximately S$69,147 (FY2020: S$99,000) in training and 

development for its head office and all manufacturing plants prior to any government funding. The 

decrease in FY2021 training were mainly due to postponement of courses due to COVID-19 and safe 

distancing measures, which led to a reduction in average training hours. Majority of the workforce were 

provided the opportunity to attend training and skill upgrading programme. All new employees are 

required to attend our on-boarding program, which aims to integrate new hires into our organisation 

seamlessly.  

 

Additionally, the Group also assesses all employees and remunerates fairly based on their experience, 

qualifications and performance. The Group will conduct training needs analysis to ensure that there are 

necessary training interventions to enhance employee competencies and professional knowledge. Our 

learning and development roadmap account for future skills required to improve the efficiency of the 

business. 

 

Average Training Hours (Per Employee) 

 

* Average training hours per employee (Vietnam) for FY2019 were restated due to exclusion of probation hours in calculation. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Continue to provide training and education opportunities through comprehensive development 

programmes going forward and promote a conducive corporate environment where everyone 

could achieve their potential 

 

 

 

8

22

3

8

8

22

2

9

5

22

0.4

6

Singapore

China

Malaysia

Vietnam

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021


15 

 

GOVERNANCE (*) 

 

Recognising that non-compliance with laws and regulations not only has significant financial risk but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. The Group maintains a zero-tolerance towards 

bribery, corruption, fraud and violation of laws and regulations and is committed to uphold the highest 

standards of corporate governance and business integrity in all our business activities, which we believe 

are essential for the long-term viability of our businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value.  

The Management and Audit Committee assume the responsibility in supporting the Board in the 

implementation of internal controls and systems, as well as the monitoring of regulatory compliance,  

Given the geographical diversity of our businesses, the Management and Audit Committee maintains 

oversight on the developments in the laws and regulations of countries where the Group operates to 

ensure that our businesses and operations comply with all relevant laws and regulations. The local 

offices also engage with the respective local government authorities and agencies where it operates, 

as a mean to keep abreast of changes to laws and regulations.  

Every year 100% of our employees in all regions are required to declare and acknowledge that they are 

aware of, have read, and are in compliance with the policies, standards, and practices as set out in the 

company’s corporate policies and guidelines. 

*  Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of Annual Report 2021. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group maintains a whistle-blowing policy, which provides guidance on suspicion, reporting and 

investigation of fraudulent practices within the Group. Its objectives are to set forth a high standard of 

corporate governance; provide a channel of communication for employees to report fraudulent practices 

and guide employees on available process to address their concerns on suspicious fraudulent activities. 

The Group’s orientation and induction programme for all new employees also includes information on 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related corporate policies including entertainment, gifts and 

whistle-blowing. 

 

The whistle-blowing policy set forth the process for investigation and management reporting. All cases 

reported are objectively and independently investigated, and appropriate remedial measures and 

follow-up are taken where warranted. 

 

 

The Audit Committee maintains oversight of this policy and periodically review the adequacy of the 

whistle-blowing arrangements by which employees of the Company and its Group and any other 

persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting 

or other matters.  

 

During the reporting period, there were no known incidents of corruption, fraud, and money laundering 

activity across the Group’s business operations. 

 

Targets and Commitments: 

✓ Develop a culture where issues of professional ethics can be discussed openly 

✓ Strictly prohibits corruption, fraud and money laundering and continue maintaining zero 

confirmed incidents 

 

 

 

 


16 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (“GRI”) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of SR FY2021 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021  

Notes to The Financial Statements – Note 1 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

8 Boon Lay Way 

8@TradeHub 21, #10-03  

Singapore 609964 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Singapore, China (Shanghai and Suzhou), 

Malaysia (Johor) and Vietnam (Hanoi)  

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021  

Notes to The Financial Statements – Note 1 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021  

Disaggregation of Revenue by Geographical 

Segments 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Headquarters in Singapore with 4 production 

locations located in China, Malaysia, and 

Vietnam.  

 

As at 30 June 2021, the Group has 1,703 

employees. 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Majority of the organisation’s activities are 

performed by workers direct hire employees. 

The activities conducted are also supported by 

contract and temporary worker, whenever 

required. 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Each of the plant is responsible to manage its 

panel of suppliers and ensure resilience in 

supply chain to support day-to-day operations. 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

In FY2021, there were no significant changes in 

the Group’s supply chain or relationship with 

suppliers. 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

SR FY2021 

Page 4 – Strategic Approach for Sustainability 

Page 5 to 8 – Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment   

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

SR FY2021 – Page 5 

Goals &amp; Achievements 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

SR FY2021 – Page 7 

Membership of Associations 


17 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102:  

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021  

– Chairman’s Statement 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021 

Corporate Governance 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

SR FY2021 – Page 4 

Sustainability Governance 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR FY2021 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement  

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR FY2021 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR FY2021 

Page 5 to 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

SR FY2021 

Page 6 – Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 to 8 – Material ESG Topics 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to Annual Report FY2021 – 

 Financial Reports 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

SR FY2021 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

SR FY2021 

Page 7 to 8 – Material ESG Topics 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

FY2020 non-hazardous waste date was 

reinstated 

Page 9 – Effluents and Waste 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

SR FY2021 

Page 3 – Reporting Practice and Boundary 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2021 Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

SR FY2021 

Page 3 – Feedback 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core Option 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 16 – 18 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance 

for this sustainability report. 


18 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 15 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Zero incidents. 

GRI 302 

Energy 

DMA 

Disclosure of  

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 8 

Environment Section 

302-1 

Energy consumption  

within the organization 

SR FY2021 – Page 8 to 9 

Environment Section - Energy 

GRI 306: 

Effluents &amp; Waste 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 8 

Environment Section  

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

SR FY2021 – Page 9 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

306-3 

Significant spills 

Zero incidents of significant spills. 

306-4 

Transport of  

hazardous waste 

SR FY2021 – Page 9 

Environment Section – Effluents &amp; Waste 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 10 

Environment Section – Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR FY2021 – Page 10 

Environment Section – Environmental 

Compliance 

GRI 401: 

Fair Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 11 to 12 

Fair Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

SR FY2021 – Page 11 

Fair Employment 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

SR FY2021 – Page 12 

Fair Employment 

401-3 

Parental leave 

SR FY2021 – Page 12 

Fair Employment 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 12 to 13 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System 

SR FY2021 – Page 12 to 13 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment and incident 

investigation 

SR FY2021 – Page 12 to 13 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 404  

Training  

&amp; Education 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

SR FY2021 – Page 14 

Training and Education 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

SR FY2021 – Page 14 

Training and Education 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

100% 

 

 


19 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



