


































STAMFORD TYRES CORPORATION LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT 2018

 


 

 

Contents  

 

 

Page 

Board’s statement  

 

1 

Reporting framework 

1 

Reporting period and scope 

1 

Feedback 

1 

Stakeholder engagement 

1 - 2 

Policy, practice and performance reporting 

2 - 3 

Material factors 

3 - 9 

Target setting 

9 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 1 

1. 

Board’s statement 

 

We affirm our commitment to sustainability with the publication of our maiden sustainability report (“Report”) 

guided by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. For this Report, we provide insights into 

the way we do business, while highlighting our environmental, social, governance (“ESG”) factors and economic 

performance. 

 

Whilst mindful of our profit oriented objective, we are committed to strike a balance between growth, profit, 

governance, environment, the development of our people and well-being of our communities to secure the long 

term future of our Group. This commitment is reflected in our sustainable business strategy and the material 

ESG factors which are shown in this Report.  

 

A sustainability policy (“SR Policy”) covering our sustainability strategies, reporting structure, materiality 

assessment and processes in identifying and monitoring material ESG factors has been established and serves 

as a point of reference in the conduct of our sustainability reporting. Under this SR Policy, we will continue to 

monitor, review and update our material ESG factors from time to time, taking into account the feedback that 

we receive from our engagement with our stakeholders, organizational and external developments. 

 

2. 

Reporting framework 

 

In preparing this sustainability report, we were guided by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core 

option. 

 

3. 

Reporting period and scope 

 

This Report is applicable for our financial year from 1 May 2017 to 30 April 2018 (“FY2018”) and supplements 

our Annual Report 2018, a copy of which can be found in our corporate website http://www.stamfordtyres.com/. 

A sustainability report will be published annually in accordance with our SR Policy.  

 

This Report covers the key operating entities within the Group which contributed approximately 93% of the 

Group’s total revenue for the reporting period. 

 

4. 

Feedback  

 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders on this Report. You may send related questions, comments, 

suggestions or feedback to our investor relations email account: weisze@stamfordtyres.com or 

siti@stamfordtyres.com 

 

5. 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

Our efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which comprise 

communities, customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and suppliers. Key stakeholders are determined 

for each material factor identified, based on the extent of which they can affect or are affected by our operations.  

 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels:  

S/N 

Key stakeholder 

Engagement channel 

1 

Community 

We focus on continuous community engagement through close monitoring of 

local developments through mass media and dialogues where practicable. 

2 

Customer 

Customers, comprised mainly retailers or sub-distributors, are encouraged to 

provide their feedback and feedback obtained is reviewed and relevant follow-up 

actions are taken to better serve them. Regular meetings and communications 

are made with customers to ensure that the Group remains connected with the 

customers. 

3 

Employee 

Senior management holds regular communication sessions with employees to 

obtain feedback and alignment of business goals across all levels of workforce. 

Such communication channels include emails and staff evaluation sessions 

where employees can pose questions in person. 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 2 





S/N 

Key stakeholder 

Engagement channel 

4 

Regulator 

We participate in consultations and briefing organised by key regulatory bodies 

such as SGX-ST so as to furnish feedback on proposed regulatory changes that 

impact our business. 

5 

Shareholder 

We convey timely, full and credible information to shareholders through 

announcements on SGXNET, our website (http://www.stamfordtyres.com), 

investor 

relations 

email 

account 

(weisze@stamfordtyres.com 

or 

siti@stamfordtyres.com), annual general meetings, annual reports, and other 

channels such as business publications and investors’ relation events. 

6 

Supplier 

We work closely with our suppliers to ensure smooth delivery of products. In 

general, new suppliers are screened in accordance with the Group’s purchasing 

policies and existing suppliers are assessed by respective work teams based on 

specified criteria. Feedback is also provided by the procurement teams to 

suppliers to ensure standards of products or services delivered by suppliers. 

 

Through the above channels, we seek to understand the views of key stakeholders, communicate effectively 

with them and respond to their concerns.  

 

6. 

Policy, practice and performance reporting 

 

6.1 

Reporting structure 

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in consultation with the Board 

of Directors. The Group’s Sustainability Committee, which includes senior management executives, is led by our 

Executive Director, and tasked to develop the sustainability strategy, review our material impacts, consider 

stakeholder priorities and set goals and targets, as well as collect, verify, monitor and report performance data 

for this Report. 

 

6.2 

Sustainability reporting processes 

 

Under our SR policy, our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors 

are then prioritized as material factors which are then validated. The end result of this process is a list of material 

factors disclosed in this Report. Processes involved are as shown in the chart below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6.3 

Materiality assessment 

 

Under our SR Policy, each sustainability factor is assigned a reporting priority that determines the actions 

required as illustrated in the table below: 

 





Prioritization of the material factors and identification of material sustainability factors to 

be reported 

Validation involves the verification of information and data gathered on material factors 

and to perform an assessment on the completeness of material sustainability factors to 

finalize the sustainability report content 

Monitor, review and update our material factors from previous reporting period, taking into 

account the feedback received from engagement with stakeholders, organizational and 

external developments 

Identification 

Prioritization 

Validation 

Review 

Identification of the material factors that are relevant to our activities and data points for 

performance reporting  

 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 3 

Reporting priority 

Description 

Criteria 

I 

High 

Factors with high reporting priority are reported on in detail. 

II 

Medium 

Factors with medium reporting priority are considered for inclusion in 

the Report. They may not be included in this Report if not material. 

III 

 

Low 

Factors with low reporting priority may be reported to fulfil regulatory or 

other reporting requirements. They are not included in this Report if not 

material.  

 

The reporting priority is supported by a material factor matrix which considers the level of concern to external 

stakeholders and potential impact on business.   

 

7 

Material factors  

 

Our materiality assessment performed for FY2018 involved the Group’s Senior Management in identifying 

sustainability factors deemed material to our businesses and our stakeholders so as to allow us to channel our 

resources judiciously to create sustainable value for our stakeholders. Presented below are a list of material 

sustainability factors applicable to our Group: 

S/N 

Material factor  

Reporting 

priority 

Key stakeholder 

Social 

1 

Equality and diversity in the workplace 

I 

Employee 

2 

Employee retention 

I 

Employee 

3 

Safe working environment 

II 

Employee 

4 

Commitment to quality products 

I 

Customer, supplier 

Environmental 

5 

Energy conservation  

II 

Community, shareholder 

6 

Water conservation and waste water treatment 

III 

Community, shareholder, regulator 

7 

Waste optimization 

II 

Community, shareholder, regulator 

Economic 

 

8 

Sustainable business performance 

I 

Shareholder 

9 

Proactive anti-corruption practices 

II 

Shareholder, regulator 

Governance 

 

10 

Robust corporate governance framework 

II 

Shareholder, regulator 

 

We will update the material factors on an annual basis to reflect changes in business operations, environment, 

stakeholder’s feedback and sustainability trends. The details of each material sustainability factor are presented 

as follows: 

 

7.1 

Equality and diversity in the workplace 

 

We are committed to the goals of diversity and equal opportunity in employment by providing a work environment 

for our employees that fosters fairness, equity and respect for social and cultural diversity, regardless of their 

gender, age and educational background. The total number of full-time employees within the Group as at 30 

April 2018 is 1,021. 

 

 

 





Our Board 

Our People 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 4 

On gender diversity, we view diversity on the Board level as 

an essential element in supporting sustainable development 

with two female Board members. The percentage of female 

to total permanent employees is 26% and about 34% of 

managers are females as at 30 April 2018.  

 

On age diversity, matured workers are valued for their 

experience knowledge and skills. As at 30 April 2018, 35% 

of our workforce is at least 40 years old.  

 

On diversity in educational background, we seek to create 

an inclusive environment for our employees from different 

educational background. The distribution of staff by 

educational level is shown in the following chart. 

 

To promote equal opportunity, we have implemented various 

human resource measures as follows: 

 

A human resource policy is in place to recruit and 

promote employees based on merit and competency 

 

Staff assessment is performed regularly to evaluate the 

performance of staff and provides staff with sense of 

self-awareness to undertake training that will improve 

their skills and abilities 

 

Staff recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, 

gender or religion preferences as requirement 

 

 

 

 Gender diversity (as at 30 April 2018) 





Total number 

of managers 

96 





Total number 

of employees 

1,021 

 

Age diversity (as at 30 April 2018) 

Educational diversity (as at 30 April 2018) 





Total number 

of employees 

1,021 





Total number 

of employees 

1,021 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 5 

7.2 

Employee retention 

 

The continual success of our business relies on a team of professional, skilled and experienced staff and 

managers. We are committed to employee retention through the following efforts: 

 

a. Performance based rewards  

We recognize employees are key to sustainability and therefore aims to reward employees that are capable and 

dedicated. Under the Group’s performance share plan for managerial level employees, rewards in the form of 

shares are granted to key employees to align their interests with that of the Group. The share plan is subject to 

the review and approval by an independent Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors.  

 

b. Systematic internal human resource processes 

Human resource processes related to employee retention includes: 

 

An employee handbook is in place to provide guidance on 

employee benefits and disseminate corporate culture  

 

Employees are engaged regularly via various channels such as 

the appraisal exercise which allows employees to gain feedback 

on their career progress  

 

In-house and external training courses are organized regularly 

for employees to improve their professional skills. For example, 

a systematic training program is in place in Thailand to equip 

sales staff with the needed product and service knowledge 

 

We believe a low turnover improves the sustainability of operations 

and allows us to contribute positively to the development of social 

and human capital in a wider community. As at 30 April 2018, 63% 

of the employees have more than 3 years of service with us.  

 

7.3 

Safe working environment 

 

In our Group’s daily operations, the workers are required to handle heavy lifting equipment such as forklift to 

transfer inventories. For the wheel factory in Thailand, workers also operate in a high temperature environment 

and use of chemicals such as paints. Given the nature of activities and operating environment, we are 

committed to maintain a safety-conscious culture amongst our employees. 

 

The measures implemented to manage health and safety in the 

workplace environment are as follows:  

 

A set of safety rules and regulations is in place 

 

A safety committee is in place and safety inspections are 

performed regularly by safety officers and reported to 

senior managers 

 

All new employees are briefed on safety procedures during 

orientation 

 

Regularly track and monitor accidents at the workplace and 

corrective action plans are established to prevent 

recurrences of the accidents 

 

A dedicated first-aid room is maintained at the wheel 

factory in Thailand to provide immediate and effective 

medical treatment to workers or others who sustain injuries 

at the location 

 

The Group recorded zero workplace fatality during the reporting period and 10 non-fatal workplace injuries1, 

resulting in 469 man-days lost during the reporting period. The non-fatal workplace injuries mainly related to 

hand and leg injuries. We will continuously work towards reducing both the occurrence and severity of workplace 

accidents. 

 

 

 

1 A workplace accident is defined as one when an employee is injured in a work accident which resulted in (i) hospitalisation 

for at least 24 hours and/or (ii) medical leave of more than 3 days (regardless if the medical leave is consecutive)  

 



First-aid room in our Thailand wheel factory 

Years of service (as at 30 April 2018) 





Total 

number of 

employees 

1,021 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 6 







7.4 

Commitment to quality products 

 

We are committed to deliver the best to our customers by 

providing them with quality and safe products for our long 

term business sustainability.  Our proprietary brands 

comprise:   

 Sumo Firenza and Sumo Tire brands for tyres which are 

produced by selected contracted manufacturers (“CMS”) 

located in Asia 

 Stamford Sport Wheels, or SSW brand for alloy wheels 

which are designed, manufactured and tested in our 

wheel factory located in Thailand 

 

The key measures on quality and safety are as follows: 

 

a. 

Adoption of market standards on product quality and 

safety 

To maintain product quality and safety, our suppliers and 

wheel factory are certified under internationally recognized 

quality standards with details as follows:  

 

 

 

b. Robust quality control processes   

To uphold a high standard on product quality and safety, we have implemented the following operational 

measures:  

 

A manufacturing management policy is in place for compliance with the production standards 

 

A procurement policy is in place to ensure procurement teams work closely with suppliers to comply with 

the Group’s requirements 

 

Strategic suppliers are regularly evaluated through measures such as annual assessments, sampling 

tests and visits to suppliers’ premises 

 

The production lines are supported by a team of experienced engineers and designers to provide quality 

assurance for the products 

 

During the reporting period, there was no safety related defect which resulted in an accident that caused injury 

to a customer. 

 

7.5 

Energy conservation 

 

We are committed to responsible usage of energy to preserve the environment in which we operate in. Our 

operations consume energy mainly for the following purposed:  

 

Electricity for machineries used in the manufacturing of aluminium alloy wheels and equipment used in 

our offices  

 

Liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) for machineries used in the manufacturing of aluminium alloy wheels, 

specifically for wheel casting  

 

Fuel for operating motor vehicles such as trucks and forklifts  

 

 

 

Production 

line 

Brand 

Key standards adopted  

Certification Center 

CMS 

Sumo Firenza, 

Sumo Tire 

ECE certification 

TUV Rheinland,  TUV SUD 

Wheel 

factory  

SSW 

ISO/TS 16949:2002 

TUV Rheinland 

ISO 9001: 2000 

Vehicle Inspection Association, Japan 

GOST certification 

Euro-Asian Council &amp; CIS for 

Standardization, Metrology and 

Certification 

Our brands 

 


Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 7 

Key statistics on energy usage during the reporting period are as follows: 

S/N 

Energy 

Total amount of 

consumption 

Total sales 

(SGD’000) 

Intensity 

Consumption/ Sales ‘000 

1 

Electricity 

16,209,524 kWh 

225,489 

71.9 

2 

LPG2 

2,065,546 kg 

13,213 

156.3 

3 

Fuel  

892,389 litre 

225,489  

4.0 

 

We believe that responsible usage of energy resource results in lesser emissions and thus helps to preserve 

the environment. It also reduces our costs and enhances returns to shareholders. Key initiatives on this front 

are as follows:  

 

A systematic maintenance program for operating equipment is in place to maintain energy efficiency  

 

Energy consumption is regularly tracked and analysed. Corrective actions are taken when usual 

consumption patterns are observed 

 

7.6 

Water conservation and waste water treatment 

We recognize the importance to effectively 

manage water consumption as valuable 

water resources may be depleted and 

pollution may occur if water consumption and 

waste water treatment are not managed 

properly. 

To 

achieve 

effective 

water 

management, we are committed to minimize 

consumption and manage waste water 

quality. This factor is primarily applicable to 

our wheel manufacturing operations located 

in Thailand with details as follows: 

 

a. Water conservation 

Process description 

Total amount of 

consumption 

Cu M 

Total sales 

(SGD’000) 

Intensity 

Consumption/ Sales  

Cu M/ SGD ‘000 

Used in cooling and washing purposes 

such as in cooling towers, heat treatment 

quenching 

baths, 

casting 

hydraulic 

systems, machining coolant, painting 

pre-treatment and basic washing of 

wheels before applying paint.  

228,912 

225,489 

1.0 

 

Water conservation measures adopted by our wheel factory include the following: 

 

A systematic maintenance program is implemented for operating equipment to maintain water efficiency 

 

Water consumption trends are regularly tracked and analysed. Corrective actions are taken where there 

are unusual consumption patterns 

 

b. Waste water treatment  

Waste water comprised coolant oil and paint sludge generated from the manufacturing process as follows: 

Description 

Source 

Coolant oil 

Generated from the machining process, which is a mixture of oil, coolant chemical and 

water 

Paint sludge 

Generated from the painting process, which is a mixture of water, paint chemical, thinner, 

and other particles captured by the water curtains inside the painting booths 

 

During the reporting period, the wheel factory generated 15,635 tonnes of waste water. Measures taken to 

manage water quality include ensuring that waste water is processed by our own water treatment plants before 

it is released into the waterways and conducting sampling checks to inspect water quality. During the reporting 

period, 100% of waste water generated from our wheel factory was treated by our own water treatment plant. 

 

2 LPG is consumed mainly by our wheel factory operations.      




Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 8 





7.7 

Waste optimization 

 

We are committed to environmental preservation through reuse and recycling to allow the Group to operate in a 

sustainable environment.  

 

The main waste materials generated from our operations are the aluminium chips from wheel production. All 

aluminium chips from production are collected for outsource recycling. As at 30 April 2018, 90% of the 

aluminium chips generated from production was recycled.   

 

In addition, we are actively involved in recycling of used tyres through our retreading plants located in Singapore, 

Malaysia and Indonesia. The retreading plants serve to extend the life span of tyres thus saving valuable natural 

resources used in the production of tyres. Whilst preserving the environment, we also ensure all retreaded tyres 

are rigorously inspected to ensure quality and safety. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

7.8 

Sustainable business performance 

 

We believe in creating long-term economic value for shareholders by rewarding shareholders by way of consistent 

profits and dividend payments. 

 

In FY2018, the Group recorded revenue of SGD 247.9 million and generated SGD 5.2 millions of net profit for 

the period attributable to equity holders of the Company. A final tax-exempt dividend of SGD 1.0 cents per 

ordinary share was declared for FY2018. 

 

Details of the Group’s economic performance can be found in the financial contents and audited financial 

statements of the Annual Report 2018. 

 

7.9 

Proactive anti-corruption practices 

 

We are committed to carry out business with integrity by avoiding corruption in any form, including bribery, and 

complying with the Prevention of Corruption Act of Singapore.  

 

An employee handbook is in place to provide guidance to our employees on areas such as conduct in workplace, 

business conduct, confidentiality of information and conflict of interest. 

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees to raise concerns through 

accessible confidential disclosure channels about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting and 

others. In FY2018, no serious offence was reported3. 

 

 

 

 

3 A serious offence is defined as one that involves fraud or dishonesty amounting to not less than SGD 100,000 and punishable 

by imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years which is being or has been committed against the company by officers or 

employees of the company. 



Retreading process 

Retreaded tyres  

Used tyres  






Sustainability Report – Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Page 9 

7.10 Robust corporate governance framework 

 

We are committed to high standards of corporate governance and believes a high standard of corporate 

governance is integral in ensuring sustainability of our business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interests 

and maximizing long-term shareholder’s value.  

 

Our overall Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (“SGTI”) score assessed by National University of 

Singapore Business School was 66 for year 2018. This placed us within the top 30 percentile of the public listed 

companies that were assessed. 

 

The Board and Management firmly believe that the success of our quest for good governance lies in putting in 

place an effective framework of risk management and internal controls that is aligned with market standards 

and best practices. Refer to the Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report 2018 for details for our 

corporate governance practices. 

 

8. 

Target setting 

 

We are in the process of compiling performance data to form a trend for the purpose of setting targets on the 

Material Factors as described above. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred till a time when 

adequate data is available to set reasonable targets. 

 

