
1

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017







STRACO 

CORPORATION 

LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2017






Contents

Board Statement  

1

2017 Sustainability Highlights 

2

About This Report 

3

Stakeholder Engagement 

4

Materiality Assessment 

5

Economic Performance 

5

Energy 

6

Water Management 

7

Animal Sourcing and Wellbeing 

9

Talent Retention and Training 

10

Health and Safety 

14

Local Community 

14

Regulatory Compliance 

17

Awards and Recognitions 

17


1

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017





Straco Corporation Limited (“Straco”) is a leading developer, 

operator and investor of premier attractions and tourism-

related projects, including giant observation wheel, public 

aquariums and cable-car facilities. The company is also 

involved in the protection and redevelopment of historical 

sites. Serving and interacting with thousands of visitors 

on a daily basis, Straco believes sustainability-related 

considerations, such as high quality, safe and educational 

exhibitions, create a unique and enriching visitor experience. 

Therefore, Straco have integrated sustainability decisions into 

both management and operational decisions and integrates 

entertainment, cultural exposure and education within our 

services. 

The Board believe that it is important to focus on areas which 

are most relevant to Straco’s business. Through a materiality 

assessment, Straco has identified eight environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) factors that underpin our 

sustainability endeavours, which have been endorsed by 

the Board. The Board also oversees the management and 

monitoring of key sustainability issues and approves the 

sustainability report. 

This inaugural sustainability report provides a platform via 

which Straco formally communicates our sustainability 

approach, performance and targets. Straco will publish 

this report annually in accordance to the requirements of 

Singapore Exchange (SGX) Listing Rules 711A and 711B 

and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), 

to continually update our stakeholders with the company’s 

progress and achievements in sustainability.

Board Statement


2

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017



Material 

factors

Indicator

Performance for 

FY2017

Target for FY2018

Economic 

Economic 

Performance  

Details of the financial performance in 2017 can be found in Straco’s Annual Report 

Environmental 

Energy 

Energy consumption 

64,679,091 MJ

Maintain current energy intensity level 

Energy intensity 

5,118 MJ / hour of 

operation 

Water 

Management

Water withdrawal 

231 ML

Maintain current levels of water 

consumption 

Water discharge 

212 ML

Animal 

Sourcing and 

Wellbeing 

Follow accepted global standards, where available 

and relevant, for responsible animal sourcing and 

animal wellbeing 

Continue to practice responsible sourcing 

of animals and explore new ways to 

further enhance the wellbeing of our 

animals 

Social 

Talent 

Retention and 

Training 

Diversity of employees 

Continue to provide fair and competitive 

compensation to employees

Average monthly new hires 

rate

2.2%

Average monthly turnover 

rate

2.3%

Average training hours per 

employee, per year

10 hours

Percentage of eligible 

permanent employees 

receiving regular 

performance review 

100%

Health and 

Safety 

Number of workplace 

fatalities

0

Continue to provide relevant training on 

health and safety and aim to maintain 

zero work-related fatalities

Number of high-

consequence workplace 

injuries

0

Accident Frequency Rate

3.9

Local 

Communities 

Initiatives on conservation education and research, 

and charitable events

Continue to support conservation and 

contribute back to society

• Singapore Flyer: commit at least 300 

volunteer hours for charitable causes 

• Underwater World Xiamen: 

continue their efforts in conservation 

education, targeting to reach out to at 

least 1,700 recipients 

• Shanghai Ocean Aquarium: organise 

at least 10 educational programmes

Governance 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

Number of environmental 

and socio-economic  non-

compliance 

Zero non-compliance 

Uphold the same high standard of 

conduct and maintain zero non-

compliance.

2017 Sustainability Highlights






3

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

This sustainability report summarises the sustainability approach and performance of Straco from 1st January 2017 

to 31st December 2017 (“2017”). The report covers the listed entity, Straco Corporation Limited, and its three main 

revenue-generating assets, Shanghai Ocean Aquarium (SOA), Underwater World Xiamen (UWX) and Singapore 

Flyer (SF). As the corporate headquarters consume insignificant amount of environmental resources, “Energy” and 

“Water Management” sections in this report solely focus on the three above-mentioned assets, SOA, UWX and 

SF. Meanwhile, “Animal Sourcing and Wellbeing” section is only applicable to the two aquariums, SOA and UWX. 

This report is aligned with the reporting requirements of SGX Listing Rules 711A and 711B and prepared with 

reference to the GRI Standards, one of the most commonly-used practice guides for sustainability reporting. This 

report references the following topic-specific disclosures: 

• 

Disclosure 302-1 and 302-3 from GRI 302: Energy 2016

• 

Disclosure 303-3 and 303-4 from GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018

• 

Disclosure 307-1 from GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

• 

Disclosure 401-1 from GRI 401: Employment 2016

• 

Disclosure 403-9 from GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018

• 

Disclosure 404-1 and 404-3 from GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

• 

Disclosure 413-1 from GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

• 

Disclosure 419-1 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

No external assurance has been sought for this report. Straco welcomes your feedback. Please forward enquiries 

and feedback to contact@stracocorp.com. 

About This Report


4

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Stakeholder Engagement

Open and relevant engagement is essential to create value for Straco’s key stakeholders. This engagement 

communicates expectations and supports improvement in our sustainability practices. The following table identifies 

Straco’s key stakeholders and shows how they are engaged. 

Stakeholders

Main objective 

Engagement methods

Frequency 

Customer 

To understand customer 

expectations and enrich 

customer experience 

• Feedback box 

• Customer newsletter 

• Throughout the year 

• Quarterly 

Local Communities

To contribute to local 

communities through 

conservation education 

and research, as well as 

charitable activities 

• Education programmes 

• Charitable events 

• Throughout the year  

Employees

To create a safe, inclusive 

and rewarding working 

environment to sustain 

employee morale

• Safety training 

• Suggestion box 

• Welfare Committee meeting 

• Team bonding activities  

• Once a year 

• Throughout the year

• Monthly

• Twice a year 

Investors/ 

Shareholders

To disseminate accurate 

and timely information on 

the company’s progress and 

direction 

• Release of financial results 

and other relevant disclosures 

through SGXNet and Straco’s 

website 

• Annual General Meeting

• Participation in non-deal road 

show 

• Meeting with investors and 

stock analysts

• Throughout the year 

• Once a year 

• Ad hoc 






5

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Materiality Assessment

The aim of a materiality assessment is to identify ESG risks and opportunities that are most important to our 

business and stakeholders. The assessment process, facilitated by an external consultant, was guided by the GRI 

Principles of Materiality and Stakeholder Engagement, and considered the following aspects: 

• 

Global and local emerging sustainability trends; 

• 

Main topics and future challenges for the tourism sector, as identified by peers; 

• 

Insights gained from interactions with stakeholders. 

Eight material factors were identified from the assessment and are shown in the table below. 

• Economic 

Performance

• Regulatory 

Compliance

• Energy 

• Water 

Management 

• Animal Sourcing 

and Wellbeing 

• Talent Retention 

and Training

• Health and Safety

• Local Community

Economic

Environmental

Social

Governance

Economic Performance 

In 2017, domestic tourism in China sustained its momentum, registering double-digit growth. Meanwhile, 

Singapore welcomed 17.44 million visitors during the year, a 6.2% increase from the previous year. 

In this growing market, Straco strives to stay relevant and competitive. In 2017, we embarked on several major 

asset enhancement programmes to improve the customer experience. We will continue to make progress in 

this regard, while maintaining minimal disruption to our normal operations. We also keep a keen look out for 

promising projects to build or acquire for new growth opportunities. 

Overall, Straco’s performance remained strong with revenue increasing by 2.6% to S$128.44 million and net 

profits increasing by 2.7% to S$47.74 million. Details of the financial performance in 2017 can be found in 

Straco’s Annual Report.  

We believe that long-term value creation depends on the sustainable development of our business. We aim to 

deliver sustainable economic performance coupled with good ESG performance.






6

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Energy 

Straco seeks to identify, measure and understand the direct and indirect environmental impacts of our operations 

and develop innovative and realistic solutions for mitigating those impacts. Against the background of intensifying 

global warming, energy use and associated greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions are emerging concerns. Straco is 

committed to adopting energy-efficient practices to reduce our GHG emission contributions. 

SOA, UWX and SF have each developed its respective energy management framework. This involves the 

operational teams conducting regular maintenance on equipment and tracking consumption. Any significant 

flux in consumption effects a closer investigation on the cause, helping Straco to identify issues and improve 

performance over time. As part of national legislation, Singapore Flyer also submit annual electricity consumption 

data to the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) of Singapore. 

During the year, Straco has put in place various practices and initiatives to improve energy efficiency of our assets, 

including: 

• 

Setting air conditioning to appropriate temperature according to visitor traffic and weather to minimise energy 

demand 

• 

Utilising energy-efficiency appliances, for example, LED lights and air source heat exchanger (for the cooling 

or warming of aquarium water)

• 

Using escalators with motion sensors to automatically adjust their operating capacity to demand 

• 

Trimming landscape to allow higher natural light penetration and reducing artificial lighting 

• 

Supporting environmental initiatives, such as “Earth Hour” and “Earth Day”

Case Study: Energy-efficient cooling and heating in SOA 

Many of our marine species require a specific range of water temperature to thrive.  Since SOA is located in 

a temperate region, there is a need to cool or warm the water according to the seasons. In one of our pools, 

the performance of the heat exchanger significantly dropped, causing inadequate cooling in the summer 

months.  In addition, because of a lack of proper heat dissipation outlets, the operation of the equipment 

also added to an increase in the internal air temperature, putting a strain on the air-conditioning system. The 

ageing equipment had a high energy demand and in the winter this often led to grid overloading, which 

caused frequent power disruptions and posed a potential fire hazard. 

To address these issues, the engineering team added a network of pipes connected to the centralised air-

conditioning system to the proximity of the pool. These pipes made full use of the cold and hot water balance 

of the air-conditioning system to provide potent ambient cooling or heating to the pool. This solution has 

offered thermal stability and improved the energy efficiency of the heat exchanger without the need for 

costly equipment replacement.




7

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Overall, electricity usage accounted for more than 96.5% of total energy consumption, among other types of 

energy such as Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), town gas (Singapore) and diesel. In 2017, Straco’s three main assets, 

SOA, UWX and SF consumed 64,679,091 mega joule (“MJ”) of energy. Energy intensity was 5,118 MJ per hour of 

operation. In 2018, we aim to maintain our current energy intensity level.

Energy Consumption in FY2017

2,268,150 MJ,

3.5%

62,410,941 MJ,

96.5%

Electricity

Fossil Fues (LNG, town gas and diesel)

Water Management 

Straco recognises that water is a resource under pressure and aims to conserve water. As our major locations 

of operation are all categorised under “Areas of High or Extremely High Water Stress” by the World Resource 

Institute’s “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas”, we consider both our water withdrawal and discharge in a local context. 

Moreover, across our main operation sites, the utility companies all practise tiered pricing for water, to discourage 

excess consumption. Therefore, water conservation also presents opportunities for cost saving. 

Our operation teams proactively adopt water-efficient initiatives and closely 

monitor water consumption. In Singapore, Singapore Flyer (SF) supports the 

national water conservation movement initiated by the Public Utility Board 

(PUB). SF has developed a Water Efficiency Management Plan (WEMP), 

which describes water management policies, water saving measures and 

implementation timelines. WEMP is submitted annually to PUB for review. 

SF uses water fittings certified under the Water Efficiency Labelling Scheme 

(WELS) or equivalent to reduce water consumption. Sub water meters are 

also added to track and monitor the breakdown of water usage.  Moreover, 

SF uses NEWater for non-potable purposes, such as landscape watering. 

Straco’s aquariums have adopted green practices to conserve water. Located on Gulangyu Island, Underwater 

World Xiamen (UWX) takes advantage of the asset’s proximity to the sea to use treated natural seawater for the 

aquarium. This minimises the disturbance to local freshwater supplies. In Shanghai Ocean Aquarium (SOA), due 

to the lack of nearby natural saltwater resources, artificial saltwater is manufactured from municipal water. Both 

What is NEWater? 

NEWater is a form of ultra-

clean, high-grade reclaimed 

water from treated used 

water.  This practice cushions 

Singapore’s water supply 

against dry weather and moves 

the nation towards greater 

water sustainability. 


8

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

aquariums uses a Life Support System1 (LSS), which allows water to be filtered and re-circulated within the system, 

thus reducing water consumption. 

SOA adopts a closed-loop concept in its LSS. Only a marginal amount of new saltwater needs to be added to 

replace small amount of water lost through evaporation and other unrecoverable needs. Through upgrading of 

the piping system, SOA can separately manage and utilise water of different grade. This enables SOA to make use 

of recycled treated water for purposes with less stringent demands on water quality, such as the washing of the 

bait incubation room and for supplementing water supply in the seal and penguin enclosures. In recognition of 

the innovative use of recycled treated water, SOA was awarded Third Prize in the 2017 Pudong Employees Science 

and Technology Innovation Competition2.

 

Any water that cannot be reused will be discharged. Straco either sends effluent to third party water treatment 

facilities or treats the effluent in-house before discharging to the sea. Straco takes precautions to control the 

quality of water discharged from our assets. We conduct regular maintenance at our various sewage systems and 

have procedures in place to check that effluent complies with local water discharge standards. 

In 2017, overall, SOA, UWX and SF withdrew 231 mega litres (ML) of water, comprising 176 ML of municipal water 

and 55 ML of water from the sea. In turn, 157 ML of used water was sent to third party water treatment facilities 

and 55 ML of used water was discharged to the sea. Out of the total 212 ML of discharged water, 126 ML was 

freshwater3 and 86 ML was other water4. In the coming year, Straco aims to maintain the current level of water 

consumption.

Water Withdrawal and Discharge in 

FY2017 (By Sources/Destinations)

Withdrawal

Third party service provider

Mega Litre (ML)

Sea

Discharge

250

200

150

100

50

0

55

55

176

157

Water Withdrawal and Discharge in 

FY2017 (By Water Quality)

Withdrawal

Freshwater

Mega Litre (ML)

Other water

Discharge

250

200

150

100

50

0

86

55

176

126

1 For more information on LSS, please refer to the “Animal Sourcing and Wellbeing” section

2 For more information, please refer to the “Awards and Recognitions” section 

3 Based on GRI Standards (2018), freshwater is defined as water with concentration of total dissolved solid equal or below 1000 

mg / L

4 Based on GRI Standards (2018), other water is defined as water with concentration of total dissolved solid more than 1000 mg / 

L.


9

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Animal Sourcing and Wellbeing5 

Biodiversity and the health of natural ecosystems are increasingly a global concern. In line with the mission of 

our aquariums, Straco is committed to obtaining animals in an ethical and sustainable manner with the aim of 

protecting the viability of wild populations. For animals kept in our aquariums, we strive to provide them with a 

healthy and low stress environment, while encouraging natural behaviours. We also avoid controversial species, 

such as dolphins and whales, which are arguably less suitable for captivity. 

Sourcing

In general, our animals come from in-house breeding 

programmes, certified suppliers and donations from civic 

society and fishery rescues. Straco diligently tracks and 

records the method of acquisition, origin and quantity of 

animals, particularly for endangered species falling under 

CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered 

Species of Wild Fauna and Flora) or national legislation. The 

records are regularly updated to reflect addition or removal 

of animals. Radio-frequency identification (RFID) electronic 

chips or tags are attached to animals for identification of 

new births within the aquarium. When practical, we prefer 

the use of more sustainable alternatives to minimise the 

impact of removal from natural ecosystems. For example, 

we use artificial corals in our displays, thus preventing their 

removal from wild habitats.

Life Support System (LSS) 

Life Support Systems (LSS) are needed when keeping animals and are vitally important for the animal’s 

welfare. In a closed-loop LSS, there are stringent requirements regarding the processes of changing water, 

filtration, chemical treatment and water quality monitoring. 

In marine LSS, a substantial amount of seawater is needed for changing the water. At our assets we make 

use of a process that regenerates seawater, which significantly reduces the need to source fresh seawater. 

We also design our LSS to maximise the use of biological filtration. On top of conventional mechanical filters, 

the filter media is also treated in such a way that it creates a “living biome” of beneficial microbes, which 

helps to process the animal excreta in the water. At each stage of the filtration loop, optimal conditions are 

provided to maintain a positive and effective biological filtration operation, supplemented by a UV lamp 

and low concentration ozone to remove unwanted germs and impurities. This use of more natural methods 

reduces the need for chemicals.

5  This chapter focuses on Straco’s two aquariums, SOA and UWX only. 

DO YOU KNOW? 

CITES is an international agreement between 

governments, with the principle aim to prevent 

the international trade in specimens of wild 

animals and plants from threatening their 

survival. Some animal and plant species face 

high levels of exploitation and trade; together 

with other factors, such as habitat loss, can 

heavily deplete their populations, even bringing 

some species close to extinction. For the many 

non-endangered wildlife species in trade, 

the existence of an agreement adds extra 

assurance of the sustainability of the trade in 

the long run. 

Our commitment:

We do not practice punitive animal training. We refrain from animal performance 

purely for commercial purpose, instead, we focus on displaying natural behaviours for 

education.


10

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Wellbeing

Once the animal is in our aquarium, they are in the good hands of our team of highly professional curators and 

veterinarians. New animals are quarantined to detect potential disease for treatment before being introduced 

into the tanks, preventing pathogens from being brought into the closed living system. This quarantine system, 

coupled with effective filtration, helps to avoid growth of harmful bacteria and the deterioration of water quality, 

thereby safeguarding animal health. Our aquatic department regularly examines health conditions of all animals 

and observes any abnormal behaviour. Standard operating procedures are established to handle potential issues 

regarding animal health, such as weak feeding behaviour, or system failure, such as power blackout. We keep a 

detailed record of animal mortality and conduct autopsy on key incidents to understand the cause of death, so as 

to remediate any potential health hazards promptly. 

Straco practices stringent quality control on animal feed. Guided by sound nutritional science, we have developed 

a well-structured feeding plan, specifying the type and amount of feed for different animals. Our main types of 

feed include frozen bait and dry feed, supplemented with nutritional additives. Straco has specified our expected 

quality of animal feed and any sub-standard feed will be rejected upon receipt. In SOA, the in-house laboratory 

conducts regular spot-checks on the level of microbes in animal feed, to prevent contamination of the LSS system. 

Straco strives to provide a low stress 

environment for our animals in order to 

encourage natural behaviour. We include 

environmental enrichment features in our 

enclosures where possible, to mimic the natural 

environment. For example, to encourage 

social behaviour and natural reproduction of 

penguins, we followed AZA’s (Association of 

Zoos and Aquariums) recommendations and 

guidelines. We also offer deep pools to allow 

for circular swimming and sufficient land area 

for them to roost, nest and hide.  

Going forward, we will continue to practice 

responsible sourcing of animals, taking into 

consideration the local context and latest 

conversation status updates. Meanwhile, we will also continue to explore new ways to further enhance the 

wellbeing of our animals.

Talent Retention and Training 

As the job market and employee expectations evolve, talent management is transforming. Straco seeks to 

understand and adapt to these changes in order to attract, retain and train a pipeline of capable and committed 

employees. 

An efficient human resource management framework helps to integrate systems and procedures, providing a 

strategic view of talent management. The Management Manual and Employee Handbook set out clear instructions 

on Straco’s policies and practices concerning recruitment, turnover, reimbursement, training and education, 

performance appraisal and employee benefits.

Figure 1 Penguin Enclosure in SOA




11

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Building up a talent reserve: SOA internship programme 

SOA partners with leading educational institutions, such as Shanghai Ocean University, Shanghai Agriculture 

and Forestry Vocational and Technical College, as well as Xiamen University, to roll out an internship 

programme. The selected interns will undergo job orientation, on-the-job training and performance feedback. 

This internship programme not only exposes students to work experience, but also helps SOA to identify 

promising candidates for hire. In 2017, out of 14 interns, three were offered permanent positions upon the 

completion of their internships.

Hiring and retention

Straco’s 

human 

resource 

policies 

are 

grounded in the principles of transparency 

and equal opportunity. Straco seeks to 

maintain a diverse workforce, which in 

turn brings together different perspectives 

and encourages creativity. For example, for 

employees 

approaching 

retirement 

age, 

we provide assistance to help them transit 

between two lifestyles. For those who wish to 

continue working, we also offer employment 

opportunities with equal employment terms.  

We believe it is important that our employees 

are fairly compensated in line with market 

standards and employees are also entitled to a 

variety of benefits, such as medical insurance, 

paid annual leave, complimentary tickets to 

attractions, team-building trips and tokens of appreciations. As of 31 December 2017, we have a total of 510 

permanent employees. The charts below provide a quantitative measure of employee diversity.

FY2017 Workforce



By Location 

China: 350

Singapore: 160

By Employee Category

Senior Management: 11

Middle Management: 56

Associate: 443







By Gender

Female: 235

Male: 275

By Age Group 

&lt;30 years old: 110

30 – 50 years old: 317

&gt; 50 years old: 83



Figure 2 UWX’s team-building trip to Lushan (Mount Lu) in 2017.


12

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Percentage of Employees per Employee Category

By Gender

Percentage of Employees per Employee Category

By Age Group

209

23

3

8

33

234

0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%   80%   90% 100%

0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%   80%   90% 100%

Associate

Middle management

Senior management

Associate

Middle management

Senior management

1

0

Female

Male

109

267

67

45

5

6

10

&lt;30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt;50 years old

In 2017, the average monthly new hires rate and turnover rate for permanent employees were 2.2% and 2.3% 

respectively. The table below provides a breakdown by age, gender and region.

FY2017

Monthly new hires rate

Monthly turnover rate 

By age group

&lt; 30 years old 

4.4%

4.7%

30 - 50 years old

1.7%

1.7%

&gt; 50 years old 

1.1%

1.3%

By gender

Male 

2.0%

2.2%

Female 

2.4%

2.3%

By region

China 

2.1%

2.3%

Singapore 

2.4%

2.2%

Overall

Overall

2.2%

2.3%


13

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Training

To remain competitive, Straco recognises the need to equip our employees with the essential knowledge and skills 

needed for their jobs. We are committed to providing our employees with opportunities for systematic, long-term 

and continued training. We provide a diverse range of learning and development programmes to cater to their 

professional needs. Some examples are illustrated in the table below.

Type 

Programmes available

Orientation

• New staff orientation 

• Code of conduct 

Capacity Building  

• Personal grooming  

• Managerial and leadership skills

Service Quality

• Service etiquettes 

• Tour guide certification 

• How to conduct educational tours 

• Business English 

Health and Safety 

• First Aid

• Fire drill SOPs

• Maintenance of hazardous chemicals

• Handling of dangerous animals

• Safety management 

Specialised Training 

• Care of aquatic animals and animal training 

• Biology and nutrition of aquatic life 

• PADI (Professional Association of Diving Instructors ) diving courses 

• Understanding Life Support System (LSS)

• Human Resource management 

• Landscape naturalisation 

• Accounting 

• Engineering and equipment maintenance 

To encourage active learning, Straco provides reimbursement for costs incurred on training programmes. Straco 

also recognises the achievement in training and education, by offering preferential compensation and promotional 

opportunity to employees who undergo skills upgrades. The Human Resource department tracks attendance for 

various training and collects feedback to continuously improve the various programmes. In 2017, our permanent 

employees received on average 10 hours of training, with a breakdown shown in the table below.

FY2017

Average hours of training per permanent employee per year 

By gender

Female 

11 hours

Male 

10 hours

By employee category 

Associate 

9 hours

Middle management

20 hours

Senior management

21 hours

Overall 

Overall

10 hours

Job analysis and design are conducted to match the best talent to the right job. To further support the professional 

growth of our employees, Straco provides regular performance reviews to communicate employees’ performance 

and career goals. The results of our employee appraisals can help Straco make informed decisions on promotion, 

transfer, remuneration adjustment and training planning. Overall, 100% of eligible permanent employees6 have 

received at least one performance review in 2017. 

Going forward, Straco will continue to provide fair and competitive compensation to employees.

6  Exclude permanent employees who were under probation. 


14

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Health and Safety  

Straco recognises the responsibility to provide a safe and healthy environment for both our employees and visitors. 

We have established SOPs and contingency plans, to prevent and minimise health risks. 

As a responsible employer, we are committed to ensuring that safety risks are properly identified and mitigated, 

wherever possible. Occupational health and safety risk assessments are conducted, reviewed and updated regularly 

to anticipate and prepare for new risks as and when they arise. To improve accountability, we also provide an open 

channel of communication across all levels to gather feedback on safety and health related issues. In recognition of 

their robust occupational health and safety management, Singapore Flyer has achieved OHSAS 18001 and BizSafe 

level Star certification.

For work where there are safety hazards or that requires high specifications, such as operating machinery and 

handling animals, employees will receive appropriate training and certifications before commencement of work. 

For example, in Straco’s aquariums, there are established manuals to guide diver safety. Apart from the necessary 

scuba diving certificates, divers are also trained on safe handling of aquatic animals, especially for predatory and 

venomous species. As part of the SOP, divers should always work in pairs, so that underwater emergencies can be 

addressed promptly by dive buddies. 

Straco also seeks to protect the health and safety of 

customers. As we operate tourist attractions with a high 

volume of visitors, we place particularly high emphasis 

on fire safety. Our safety equipment is inspected and 

upgraded whenever necessary, to check that it is in 

sound working condition. To re-enforce emergency 

preparedness, company-wide fire drills are conducted 

regularly, especially before major public holiday with 

peak visitor traffic. Straco’s employees have received 

the necessary fire safety training to facilitate a safe 

evacuation for all. For example, in SF, designated 

employees form a Company Emergency Response Team 

(CERT). CERT members will receive intensive fire-fighting 

training and will undergo refresher courses on a regular 

basis. Moreover, with appropriate training courses in 

place, Straco is able to offer timely and suitable medical 

assistance to visitors in need. For example, SOA has 

invited Shanghai Red Cross to conduct on-site training 

on emergency response and First Aid. Similarly, in SF, 1 

out of 20 employees is a Certified First Aider. 

In 2017, there were zero workplace fatalities and zero high-consequence injuries. The accident frequency rate 

(AFR) for permanent employees was 3.97. In FY2018, we will continue to provide relevant training on health and 

safety and aim to maintain zero workplace fatalities.

Local Community 

Straco aspires to bring about positive social and environmental impacts to the local community. As a responsible 

corporate citizen, Straco prioritises two important social missions, namely, conservation education and research 

and social charity. 



Figure 3 UWX undergoing fire drill

7 As per definition of Ministry of Manpower (MOM) of Singapore, Accident Frequency Rate = 

Number of Reportable Injuries

Number of Man - hours Worked x1,000,000. A reportable 

injury is any workplace or work-related traffic injury that results in at least 24 hours of hospitalisation or more than 3 days of MC due to a single 

work-related accident (whether consecutive or not). 


15

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

Conservation Education and Research 

Our aquariums seek to realise their public value as providers of conservation education and research. SOA and 

UWX strive to raise awareness on conservation issues and inspire passion for marine animals through guided tours, 

school outreach programmes and social media activities. Resident marine biologists and veterinarians also actively 

participate in wildlife rescue and research programmes.  Below are the highlights of our activities in 2017.

• 

Educational outreach programmes 

During the year, SOA and UWX organised multiple 

outreach programmes to schools and local communities. 

During campus tours, our science and educational team 

from SOA brought live aquatic animals and specimens 

into schools, and conducted mini-lectures covering 

a range of marine science topics.  The outreach 

programme is not only designed to be educational, 

engaging and interactive, the programme also seeks 

to raise awareness of conservation issues. For example, 

“The Science of Sharks” programme advocated against 

consumption of shark fin, to raise awareness among the 

students on the conservation issues of sharks and to 

encourage students to pass on this message to a wider 

circle of families and friends. The “Penguin Diary” programme introduced kindergarten kids to the science of 

global climate change and drew their attention to the issue of marine debris, calling for proper disposal of rubbish. 

In 2017, Xiamen City hosted the BRICS Summit. To 

celebrate this event, UWX launched a special exhibition 

“Fish babies of BRICS countries”, showcasing juvenile 

fishes of signature species from the respective 

countries. To engage the local community, UWX 

launched a lecture series for community centres across 

the city to introduce the rich aquatic biodiversity of 

BRICS countries. Meanwhile, UWX also hosted the 

“Underwater Creative Landscaping Competition”, in 

which participants were required to build underwater 

fish nursery models from recycled material with sound 

scientific principles. 

In 2017, SOA and UWX organised in total 29 outreach 

programmes and reached out to a total of more than 

8,000 recipients.

• 

Marine science research 

SOA conducts on-site research and breeding programmes for marine life, focusing on endangered species. Through 

research on the target species’ preferred living conditions, including environmental features, animal behaviours, 

water quality and nutrition, SOA has achieved considerable progress in the breeding of big-belly seahorse, leopard 

shark, bay pipefish and pacific sea nettle.  This artificial breeding can alleviate the demand for wild aquatic animals, 

thus protecting the wild population. Moreover, publishing research results in scientific journals can help with the 

advancement of conservation science and may support the long term viability of the species.  



Figure 4 SOA conducting campus tour in Zhangjiang Hi-tech 

Experimental Primary School



Figure 5 UWX conducting outreach programme in Shuanglianchi 

Community


16

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

• 

Wild dolphin rescue

With a wealth of expertise in wildlife biology and veterinary science, 

Straco’s aquariums collaborate with local wildlife departments and 

contribute to wildlife rescue missions. In May 2017, UWX helped 

to rescue stranded dolphins in local waters. UWX also assisted in 

the rehabilitation programme, to enable the rescued dolphin to 

be released back into the wild.  UWX signed up as the inaugural 

member of the Association for the Protection of Indo-Pacific 

Bottlenose Dolphin, which aims to build multi-lateral synergy in 

dolphin research, conservation and rescue.

• 

Campaign for Sustainable Seafood

Straco uses social media to reach out to a wider audience. In 2017, SOA launched an interactive “Sustainable 

Seafood” programme through its WeChat official account. By answering to an online quiz on sustainable seafood 

and sharing their thoughts about this issue, participants stood a chance to win tickets to SOA. This programme 

helped to draw public attention to the issue of overfishing and raised awareness on the environmental impacts 

of seafood, thus encouraging environmentally responsible consumption. A total of 1,200 people participated in 

the programme and shared this initiative on their WeChat Moment, spreading the words of conservation to many 

more. 

“Sustainable seafood is seafood that comes from trusted sources. Whether wild 

caught or farmed, the harvesting method should be sustainable in the long-term 

and not negatively impact the local ecosystem. People should avoid consuming 

seafood that is from unsustainable sources. When it comes to sustainability, it 

always starts from our little actions.“

--A quote from “Mr. Deng,” participant of “Sustainable Seafood” programme

Social Charity 

Straco is committed to serving the local community through charitable activities. Below are the highlights of our 

activities in 2017.

• 

Enrichment activities for underprivileged children

SOA commits to a long-term volunteering programme with Shanghai 

Pudong Special Education School. Every month, SOA volunteers facilitate 

enrichment activities for children with special needs, including interactive 

games and activities to build social skills. This programme helps to raise 

social awareness on the needs of the underprivileged children and instill 

a sense of purpose for SOA’s staff volunteers. 

• 

Support for low income families 

UWX has continued their 18-year long initiative to provide assistance 

to low income families in the Longtou Community in Xiamen City. 

Collaborating with the Longtou Community Centre, UWX gives away 

household essentials and packets of 200 RMB cash. 20 low income 

families benefit from the programme every year. 

• 

Sponsorship for community events  

SF offers special discount for welfare groups and community centres. In 2017, more than 4,800 people have 

benefited from the discount. Furthermore, SF also supported various community events through cash donation, 

complimentary ride tickets and venue sponsorship. Some of the events that received sponsorship include PAP 

Community Foundation (PCF) South West District Charity Golf and Dinner, Consumers Association of Singapore’s 

(CASE) fund raising lunch, National Day Parade, as well as Nanyang Technological University Alumni Club’s (NTUAC) 

annual fundraising event for Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore. 



Figure 7 SOA staff volunteers facilitating jigsaw 

games



Figure 6 A rescued dolphin being examined by the 

UWX team.


17

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

In the coming year, we will continue to support conservation and contribute back to society. In 2018, SF aims 

to commit at least 300 volunteer hours for charitable causes. Meanwhile, UWX will continue their efforts in 

conservation education, targeting to reach out to at least 1,700 recipients. SOA aims to organise at least 10 

educational programmes.

Regulatory Compliance

Complying with regulation is a baseline expectation that our stakeholders have for us and is essential for maintaining 

our license to operate. Straco strives to adhere to relevant environmental and socio-economic compliance. 

At Straco, we actively identify and manage our regulatory risks. We adhere to relevant environmental and socio-

economic laws concerning a range of issues like effluent discharge, labour practices, marketing and labelling, 

health and safety, wildlife trading, as well as animal wellbeing and prevention of zoonotic diseases. Strong 

governance helps Straco to monitor compliance and minimise risks. Relevant topics are covered in our employee 

induction programme and formalised as part of our employee conduct. As part of the assurance and monitoring 

process, Straco have established whistle-blowing channels for employees to report any impropriety in good faith. 

The management team monitors changes to the applicable laws and regulations and relevant matters are 

discussed during management meetings. Our internal risk management policies and employee communications 

are updated accordingly to keep abreast of regulatory changes. At the same time, we also make sure all voluntary 

and mandatory licenses are updated as necessary. For example, Straco’s aquariums closely follow the changing 

requirements of CITES and conduct thorough supplier due diligence before any purchase. Upon the successful 

acquisition of the animals, UWX and SOA also comply with the regulations on quarantine for reasons of biosafety. 

In 2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with environmental and socio-economic laws and regulations 

which resulted in significant fines or sanctions. In 2018, Straco intends to uphold the same high standard of 

conduct and maintain zero non-compliance. 

Awards and Recognitions

Straco has received a number of awards in recognition of its achievement in sustainability. Below are some examples: 

Shanghai Ocean Aquarium 

• 

Reuse of Recycled Treated Water Project: Third Prize in 2017 Pudong Employees Science and Technology 

Innovation Competition

• 

Artificial Breeding Project of Pacific Sea Nettle (Chrysaora fuscescens): Qualifying Prize in 2017 Pudong 

Employees Science and Technology Innovation Competition

• 

Outstanding Team in Year 2017 by China Aquarium Association (CAA) 

• 

Science Education Themed Exhibition of Shanghai City (A Grade, awarded 500,000 RMB cash) 

• 

National Science Education Base 

• 

National Marine Science Education Base 

• 

Shanghai Pudong Environmental Education Base 

• 

Shanghai Pudong Patriotic Education Base

• 

Outstanding Team in 2017 Pudong Science Festival 

• 

Credit Shanghai Five Star Company by Shanghai Tourism Trade Association

Underwater World Xiamen 

• 

National Marine Science Education Base 

• 

Outstanding Activities in 2017 National Science Day by China Association for Science and Technology 

• 

Member of  Association for the Protection of Indo-Pacific Bottlenose Dolphin

Singapore Flyer 

• 

Certified Water Efficient Building by Public Utility Board of Singapore 

• 

Certificate of Environmental Excellence (Year 2017) by Chiang Kiong Maintenance Pte Ltd

• 

OHSAS 18001 Health and Safety Management System 

• 

BizSafe Star Certification by Workplace Safety and Health Council


18

Straco Corporation Limited  |  Sustainability Report 2017

(Company Registration No.200203482R)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 25 April 2002)

10 Anson Road, #30-15 International Plaza Singapore 079903

Tel: (65) 6223 3082  Fax: (65) 6223 3736

www.stracocorp.com



