
 

SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED 

(Registration No. 198304656K) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

02  

CEO’S STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

04  

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

04  

SUPPLY CHAIN 

04  

OUR PEOPLE 

05  

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

05  

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

05  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

06  

REPORTING PRACTICE 

08  

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

08  

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

08  

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

09  

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 

09  

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

2 

 

CEO’s Statement on Sustainability 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I am pleased to present SunMoon Food Company 

Limited’s (“SunMoon” or the “Company”) Sustainability Report for the twelve (12) months ended 31 

March 2021. 

About the Sustainability Report  

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI”) and 

covers environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance of all business divisions and 

subsidiaries which are under the Group’s financial and operational control.  

Information presented in the report has been extracted from our internal records and documents to 

ensure accuracy using internationally accepted measurement data units. Unless otherwise stated, the 

information represents that of the Group. 

As SunMoon has always embedded sustainable practices in its activities, it welcomes the release of 

the sustainability reporting guidelines issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) in July 2016. This initiative has provided us the platform to formalise our sustainability 

policies and procedures; consolidate our existing efforts; communicate to our stakeholders; and plan 

further for the future. 

CEO Statement 

Fiscal year end 31 March 2021(“FY 2020/21”) has been a difficult year, with the COVID-19 pandemic 

continues raging around the world, leading to overall macroeconomic downturn and increased 

uncertainties in the fresh produce markets. While the operating conditions have been adverse, I am  

very happy to see that our team has put in great efforts to withstand intense  pressure and steer the 

company through the financial year. 

Last year, I have said that I believed that the company had overcome the most difficult headwind, and 

both the team and the business would stabilize and with the room to achieve growth. Today I want to 

say that our original conviction has not changed. We have made efforts to ensure that the operations 

of the company maintain healthy in this difficult environment and we still believe that the company will 

overcome the challenges to perform better. We are committed to lead the company's business 

gradually back to be commercially viable and through achieving economies of scale to obtain  

marginal profit and gradually improve profitability. 

Through realising that the intense competitive pressures that have become prevalent in the fresh food 

industry, my team and I increasingly believe that the traditional fresh food trading industry has 

limitation for further development, and both revenue and profit growth has hit a bottleneck. If the 

company needs to achieve substantial growth and development, we need to break from this fixed and 

traditional trading business model and explore other opportunities to achieve self-breakthrough. 

Therefore, we hope to develop and enhance the company's sustainable development capabilities 

through the following: 

1. Innovate and develop new businesses to enhance the company's sustainable 

development capabilities 

China is a large consumer country with a population of 1.4 billion, and as China's consumption 

upgrades and purchasing power increases, more and more Chinese people have increasing demands 

for higher-end food ingredients. While there is no fear of sufficient market demand, the supply of high-

quality products in China may not be readily available. Therefore, our team has conducted in-depth 

research on the Chinese consumer markets and patterns, and through understanding the needs of 

the Chinese markets, we can target the development of higher-quality products suitable for the 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

3 

 

Chinese markets. Finding healthy and delicious high-quality products suitable for the Chinese market 

will drive our direction. Therefore, developing the exclusive agency business of high-quality products 

will be one of our key innovative businesses in the next fiscal year. We hope that through this 

innovative business, we will open up a new product segment for the company and at the same time 

enhance our profitability. 

2. We will pay more attention to staff selection and training  

We need to innovate and develop new businesses to enhance the company's sustainable 

development capabilities. Therefore, we need more diverse professionals to join our team to jointly 

build and develop innovative businesses. At the same time, we also hope that our existing employees 

will further enhance their comprehensive capabilities through training, so that they can be better 

qualified for their current jobs and jointly create new value for the company. 

3. We will pay more attention to improving the trusted vendors network 

Compared with distribution channels, we pay more attention to maintain a trusted vendors network.    

From vendor/supplier identification, evaluation, selection to review, we have a complete supplier 

assessment and evaluation system. As our strategic goal gradually shifts to higher-quality and higher-

end products with higher-value added and competitiveness, we will further raise the standards for 

vendor/supplier selection. Whether vendor/supplier meets the relevant environmental protection 

standards will become one of key factors for our selection of vendors/ suppliers.  

4. We will pay more attention to food safety and consumers health 

With the upgrading of consumption and the increase of consumers' awareness of food safety, the 

traceability of fresh food has become one of the focuses of common concern for us and consumers. 

Therefore, starting from the import/export of fruit related products, we have cooperated with an 

international professional traceability system service provider (Dimuto) to jointly establish a 

traceability system in the origins of Shandong apples and Thai durians, designing and realizing the 

whole process of product traceability. This traceability system data provides consumers with clear  

visibility in the complete processes, from farm to fork, and provides an assurance for food safety and 

controllability. Through the application of science and technology and the implementation of 

innovative supply chain management models, we fundamentally reduce traditional transaction 

frictions, and at the same time overcome difficulties in the unfavourable environment and create an 

advantageous foundation for the company's sustainable development. 

SunMoon is a company with a long history. However, as times have changed the operating 

mechanism of business models, traditional business models are constantly facing challenges. 

Therefore, we hope to make better adjustments through changes and innovations and adapt  to this 

new era full of challenges and opportunities. 

I always reinforce to  my team to  never mind the past and never fear the future. We will continue to 

augment our position and strengthen our fundamentals. All these would not have been possible 

without our valuable stakeholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our management and 

staff for their commitment and dedication towards the Group. I would also like to extend my 

appreciation to our Board of Directors for their insightful guidance. Last but not least, I would like to 

express my gratitude to our business partners, customers and shareholders for their unwavering trust 

and faith in us. SunMoon has experienced ups and downs in the past 30 years and now we are 

preparing to greet the future in steady stride. 

Mr Zhang Ye  

Chief Executive Officer 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

4 

 

 

Organisational Profile  

SunMoon is a global distributor and marketeer of branded fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins 

and other food related products, delivering  to the health-conscious consumers in the most convenient 

way. 

Started in 1983, SunMoon has grown and expanded its product offering which includes fresh fruits, 

vegetables, meat, seafood and French fries under its own brand. 

With an extensive global sales network, SunMoon’s offering of quality, premium products are 

distributed via supermarkets, convenience stores, online and wholesale channels, food services as 

well as SunMoon’s franchise outlets in Singapore.  

Since 2015, the Company has shifted towards an asset-light, consumer-centric and brand-focused 

business strategy by tapping on its strong brand equity and the Network x Geography x Product 

business model. Instead of owning farms, SunMoon sources for fruits and vegetables from farmers. 

SunMoon’s products come with the SunMoon Quality Assurance label, which is backed by 

internationally recognised accreditations. SunMoon was listed in 1997 on the Mainboard of the 

Singapore Stock Exchange and has since grown and expanded its product offerings to meet the 

discerning consumers of today. 

Supply Chain (including cold chain processes) 

SunMoon mainly engages packers and growers from countries which include but  not limited to, China 

and countries in the Southeast Asia, Europe, South America continents.  

We have continued to build on the supply and sale of packaged, ready to drink whole young Thai 

coconuts in Singapore and fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins and other food related products 

to China.  

All of our suppliers must also fulfil our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standards, a strict checklist of 

freshness, quality and safety, and be accredited with various regulatory credentials.  

Our People 

Our employees are inspired to be the best they can be, where our team is as diverse as the markets 

we serve. We foster an open environment where creativity thrives and provide our people with the 

opportunities they need to develop their skills. As at 31 March 2021, the total number of employees in 

the Company is 17 and the gender breakdown is 8 Female, 9 Male. All of our Company’s activities 

are performed by our employees. We do not have any collective bargaining agreements in place.  




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

5 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

At SunMoon, we believe that nothing is more important than the health of our customers and their 

families. We understand that the food we eat have direct impact on our constitution and overall well-

being. Thus, we deliver from farm to fork quality nutritious, fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins 

and other food related products in the best and most convenient way. Our promises are:- 

a) 

To source the best quality fruits from around the world 

b) 

To deliver you a product that is safe for consumption 

c) 

To provide great value in affordability of price 

d) 

To safeguard your interests at all times 

Because of our good values, principles and standards, we have been a trusted brand in the fruit 

industry since 1977 and customers return for our trusted products from time and time. 

At the employese level, we have a code of business ethics that all employees are required to follow.  

Stakeholder Engagements 

Our stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on our relationship of reliance and impact on 

each other. Their needs and concerns are what drive our sustainability practices and measures. The 

following are stakeholders that we have engaged and identified: 

1. 

Customers  

2. 

Suppliers 

3. 

Authorities/Agent 

4. 

Shareholders 

5. 

Employees 

Customers  

We engage our customers by carrying out adequate background checks including but not limited to 

whether they have healthy credit, the customer’s capacity, annual turnover and total paid up capital. 

We may also have customer satisfaction surveys and/or feedback and our staff can assist our 

customers if the need arises. Generally, our customers want more stock and more varieties of fruits to 

fulfil end-consumers’ demand. 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

6 

 

Suppliers  

The identification of suppliers is crucial and is an important part of SunMoon’s business operations. 

SunMoon will carry out background checks on our suppliers to ensure that their products meet our 

“SunMoon Quality Assurance” stringent standards which include the types, quality, safety of the 

products they supply, past experiences and track records. It is also important to take note that if the 

selected suppliers do not meet our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” and/or delivery targets, SunMoon 

will not hesitate to look for replacement suppliers. Management will undertake due diligence checks 

by visiting the farms of the selected suppliers so as to assess and ensure that the suppliers are able 

to meet our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” and that their operations are sufficient to meet delivery 

targets. 

As the industry is continuously developing, we are also in the process of developing sustainability and 

green standards for our suppliers to adhere to. In the course of the last FY2020/21, we have engaged 

to ensure that our suppliers and/or products meet the “Marine Stewardship Council” accreditation. Our 

suppliers are concerned with the cost of business, speed of delivery and the quantity and quality of 

delivered products.  

Authorities/Agent  

We may, as and when required, engage with the authorities/agents to assist them in the compliance 

of different regulatory, compliance and licensing/certification requirements across different borders. 

Effective engagement with the authorities/agents can reduce any delays or additional costs caused by 

licensing, importing or any other issues that may arise. 

Shareholders  

We understand that our investors are concerned with the economic performance of the Company. As 

such, SunMoon is committed to disclose relevant and material information to its shareholders, the 

investment community and the public in a timely, accurate and transparent manner, in accordance 

with the listing rules of the SGX-ST, and the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance (dated 6 

August 2018). Our disclosures are made public through SGX-ST’s SGXNet and on the Company’s 

corporate website at www.sunmoonfood.com. We regularly communicate through our nominated 

spokespersons to ensure consistency in messaging, addressing concerns and queries as well as 

managing the expectations of shareholders and the investment community. We also regularly engage 

shareholders, and/or potential investors, and the media through the Annual General Meeting and 

Extraordinary General meeting, conference calls, analyst briefings, media interviews and luncheons, 

Annual Reports, Press Releases and announcements on SGXNet.  

Employees  

Our employees go through regular feedback and appraisals and have ample opportunity to develop 

their skills and competencies. They also have the opportunity to take on greater roles and 

responsibilities. Our employees would like better incentives and performance bonuses as well as 

better work life balance.  

 

Reporting Practice  

The extensive list of GRI topics were discussed between the Company’s senior management and 

they have shortlisted the top 5 most relevant topics. Following that, the top 5 material topics were 

presented to and approved by the board.  

The topics that SunMoon will be covering are:-  


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

7 

 

1. 

GRI 201 Economic Performance; 

2. 

GRI 204 Procurement Practices; 

3. 

GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment;  

4. 

GRI 401 Employment; and 

5. 

GRI 404 Training and Education. 

The reporting period is from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021. This reporting period is in accordance 

with the SGX Guidelines Practice Note 7.6 and is the third Sustainability Report the Company has 

made. The reporting cycle will be prepared annually in respect to SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 

7.6. The contact point for any questions regarding the report or its contents can be sent to 

enquiry@sunmoonfood.com. There is no restatement of information for this Sustainability Report.  

The report is based on the Global Reporting Initiative Standards. SunMoon has not engaged any 

external assurance for this Sustainability Report.  

 

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

 

Due to the nature of SunMoon’s business, climate change and weather will invariably have a direct 

impact on our products. Bad weather conditions caused by climate change will have a negative 

impact on product quality and quantity. In view of the Covid-19 pandemic, some of our supplier’s 

production, international shipping lanes and workers were affected which had resulted in the 





96%



3%



1%

Total Economic Value Distributed



Operating Cost to suppliers (approximately)



Employee salaries and benefits (approximately)



Directors fee and Remunerations (approximately)


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

8 

 

production volume being greatly reduced. We recognize the impact of climate change on our 

revenues and so endeavour to involve all our partners to participate and engage in sustainability 

practices.  

Given the changing nature and landscape of SunMoon’s business, the Company’s has been looking 

to increase its existing product offerings. In particular, the intent is to identify and source for products 

which are less susceptible to climate changes.  

SunMoon has received Job Support Scheme grant from the Singapore Government. This has helped 

SunMoon in the reduction of salary expenditure. In addition, SunMoon has also received property tax 

relief rebates as part of the Singapore Government’s initiative as a result of the Covid pandemic and 

this has helped and reduced SunMoon’s rental costs. These grants given have provided  the  support 

to the Company to improve our capabilities.  

For detailed financial results, please refer to our financial statements as set out in the Annual Report 

2020/21. 

 

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES  

SunMoon has implemented improved global procurement strategies, and manages a carefully 

controlled process based on the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standard. Fruits from certified 

plantations are selected according to the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standard, a critical checklist 

of freshness, quality, and safety as demanded by our discerning customers; a reputation also backed 

up by internationally recognised accreditations.  

As fresh fruits, vegetables, meat, seafood and French fries are perishable goods, we do not keep 

large inventories and our operational model is mainly to work with our suppliers so as to undertake 

direct shipping of the fresh fruits. Accordingly, our procurement budget is substantially spent on 

suppliers.                  

 

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT  

All suppliers must be approved according to SunMoon’s set of selection criteria to ensure product 

quality and branding. Complementing quality assurances and our brand, we at SunMoon believe 

strongly in protecting and caring for our environment. As such, we at SunMoon will make a 

conscientious effort in developing and, in due course, implement environmental assessment 

processes.  

Target for subsequent reporting 

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has indirectly affected SunMoon in its selection of suppliers. 

Nevertheless, SunMoon remains committed to increase the existing number of suppliers, both 

internationally and locally in the People’s Republic of China to meet both international and local 

demand as suppliers adapt their operations to mitigate and navigate through the worst of the 

pandemic’s impacts.  


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

9 

 

 

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT  

There are 8 new employee hire during the reporting period with 3 below 30 years of age, 5 are 

between 30 to 50 years of age. The makeup of the new hires comprises of 5 female and 3 male. The 

total number of employees(1) for the FY2020/21 is 17 which comprises of 8 female and 9 male.  

SunMoon also provides various benefits to full time employees such as free medical services at one 

of our panel clinics, dental and specialist medical benefits. Additionally, we are supportive of family life 

and work-life balance and offer various types of leave for our employees such as parental, marriage, 

maternity, paternity, childcare, examination, and compassionate leave. However, none of our 

employees have utilised their parental leave during the reporting period.  

Note: 

(1) 

For SunMoon’s PRC entities, there were a total of 1 female and 2 males who were hired and resigned for 

FY2020/21. In Singapore, there were a total of 1 female resignation during FY2020/21.  

 

 

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

As part of SunMoon’s policy of constant training and professional development for our employees, we 

send our employees to various training programs in order to upgrade their skills and competencies; 

this improves employees satisfaction and helps our staff perform even better at their jobs. For 

example, our finance team was sent to continuing professional development courses to improve 

employees’ knowledge and skill, such as online courses conducted by taxChina at &lt; 

https://kj.taxchina.com/shanghai/main &gt;. Additionally, we will also send our employees to participate 

in large-scale exhibitions, such as, the Asia seafood exhibition National gift exhibition and China 

Export and import exhibition in the People’s Republic of China. On an ongoing basis, the Company 

will seek to ensure that senior management are considered for leadership training to ensure that their 

skills and knowledge remain relevant.  

The average hour of training per year per employee is approximately 17 hours. All of our employees 

have annual performance reviews being carried out as part of our Company’s policy. They receive 

regular performance and career development reviews as feedback so that they can continue to 

improve.  




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

10 

 

Target for subsequent reporting 

SunMoon is pleased to report that we have achieved the target to maintain our training hours for our 

employees and costs to be set aside in upgrading the skills of our staff in FY2020/21. For the 

upcoming financial year, our target is to increase the number of training hours (from the existing 17 

hours) as well as to send all directors of SunMoon for training on the roles and responsibilities of a 

director of a listed issuer.  

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

11 

 

GRI Contents Index 

 

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

 

Page No. 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

102-2 [Core] 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-4 [Core] 

Location of operations 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-5 [Core] 

Ownership and legal  

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Page 78 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2021 

 

 

102-6 [Core] 

Markets served 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-7 [Core] 

Scale of the organisation 

 

 

Page 9 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2021 

 

 

102-8 [Core] 

Information on employees and other workers. 

 

 

Pages 4 and 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-9 [Core] 

Supply Chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-10 [Core] 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-11 [Core] 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-12 [Core] 

External initiatives 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-13 [Core] 

Membership of associations 

 

 

Pages 5 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

STRATEGY 

 

102-14 [Core] 

Statement from senior decision maker 

 

 

Pages 2 and 3 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

102-16 [Core] 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

 

 

Pages 4 and 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

12 

 

 

102-40 [Core] 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

 

Pages 5 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-41 [Core] 

Collective bargaining agreements 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-42 [Core] 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

 

 

Pages 5 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-43 [Core] 

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

 

 

Pages 5 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-44 [Core] 

Key Topics and concerns raised 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

 

102-45 [Core] 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

 

 

Page 2 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2021 

 

102-46 [Core] 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-47 [Core] 

List of material topics 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-48 [Core] 

Restatements of information 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-49 [Core] 

Changes in reporting  

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-50 [Core] 

Reporting Period 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-51 [Core] 

Date of most recent report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-52 [Core] 

Reporting cycle 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-53 [Core] 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-54 [Core] 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI standards 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-55 [Core] 

GRI content Index 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-56 [Core] 

External assurance 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 

 

13 

 

 

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 

 

 

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

Page No. 

 

 

GRI 201 : ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

201-1  

Direct Economic Value Generated and distributed 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Pages 54 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ending 31 March 2021 

 

 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 

 

 

*SunMoon has no benefit plan obligation 

or other retirement plans  

 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 204 : PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 308 : SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GRI 401 : EMPLOYMENT 

 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-3 

Parental leave 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 404 : TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 

reviews 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

