
 

SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED 

(Registration No. 198304656K) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

02  

CEO’S STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

04  

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

04  

SUPPLY CHAIN 

04  

OUR PEOPLE 

05  

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

05  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

07  

REPORTING PRACTICE 

07  

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

08  

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

08  

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

09  

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 

10  

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

2 

 

CEO’s Statement on Sustainability 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I am pleased to present SunMoon Food Company 

Limited’s (“SunMoon” or the “Company”) Sustainability Report for the twelve (12) months ended 31 

March 2020. 

About the Sustainability Report  

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI”) and 

covers environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance of all business divisions and 

subsidiaries which are under the Group’s financial and operational control.  

Information presented in the report has been extracted from our internal records and documents to 

ensure accuracy using internationally accepted measurement data units. Unless otherwise stated, the 

information represents that of the Group. 

As SunMoon has always embedded sustainable practices in its activities, it welcomes the release of 

the sustainability reporting guidelines issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) in July 2016. This initiative has provided us the platform to formalise our sustainability 

policies and procedures; consolidate our existing efforts; communicate to our stakeholders; and plan 

further for the future. 

CEO Statement 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present SunMoon Food Company’s (SunMoon) annual 

report for the financial year ended 31 March 2020 (FY19/20). 

Although SunMoon has experienced ups and downs in the past 30 years, it is a respectable company 

that has kept up with its original aspirations and continues to persist. In fiscal year 2020 (FY19/20), 

SunMoon experienced more crisis – impacted by the economic downturn in China and rest of the world 

suffered in the first half of the fiscal year and the COVID-19 pandemic that ravaged the world since the 

end of third quarter of the fiscal year. During this difficult time, SunMoon has shown great perseverance, 

adhering to the management principles of Simplicity and Focus.  

I am proud of our team. In the first half of the fiscal year 2020, SunMoon has formed a stronger and 

more stable operation team through organisational restructuring. Having to steer through the difficult 

situation arising from the COVID-19 pandemic has given us more confidence that the organisational 

restructuring we have executed is effective. Due to the changes in the economic environment, the 

adjustment of the organisational structure, and the outbreak of COVID-19, the sales volume of 

SunMoon dropped significantly in fiscal year 2020 (FY19/20) compared with the previous fiscal year. 

The total revenue in fiscal year 2020 (FY19/20) was $18.00 million, down 75% from fiscal year 2019 

(FY18/19). We needed time to respond to the changes brought about by the deterioration in the 

operating environment and adjust the organisational structure and sales strategy. At the same time, our 

supply chain has suffered an unprecedented blow due to COVID-19. In this situation, we were more 

cautious in our business operations than before.  

The good thing, however, is that we are delighted to find that our operational capabilities and business 

performance have greatly improved compared with that in the past, and our business is gradually 

aligning with our strategy of focusing on businesses with positive margin. The gross profit margin of 

SunMoon in fiscal year 2020 (FY19/20) is 5.05%, compared with only 1.1% in fiscal year 2019 

(FY18/19). Fixed costs reduced from $2.56 million in fiscal year 2019 (FY18/19) to $1.28 million in fiscal 

year 2020 (FY19/20). 

After going through many twists and turns, I believe that SunMoon has passed the most difficult period. 

I have full confidence in the team and expect the growth of SunMoon under the operation of the current 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

3 

 

team once the COVID-19 situation stabilises. With the completion of internal adjustments and when the 

conditions of the external environment improve, I believe that revenue will gradually return to more 

normal level. SunMoon will then be able to register a higher gross profit margin and enhance 

profitability. We will continue to build on our strengths and capabilities accumulated in the past in order 

to achieve a well-grounded development. 

SunMoon Group will continue to operate by principle: Simplicity and Focus. We have to constantly 

strategise how best to leverage on our limited resources to increase our market share, and to drive the 

transformation of SunMoon from a traditional supply chain company to a value-adding supply chain 

company. Therefore, the word “Focus” is extremely important and we will continue to focus on China 

market and adhere to the following three development strategies in the new fiscal year: 

1. Product category expansion: SunMoon has not only completed the adjustment of organisational 

structure in the past year, and more importantly, it has also expanded the strategic layout from selling 

fruits to include a wide range of products including fruit, meat and aquatic products. Through deep 

cultivation of global supplier resources, we aim to enhance our upstream product sourcing network 

based on these core categories. 

2. Brand deepening: the current development strategy of SunMoon is to take categories of fresh 

produce, aquatics, animal proteins and other food related products as the core and gradually 

strengthens SunMoon channel brand through approaches like building its own brand and obtaining the 

exclusive distribution rights of upstream brands. As a result, it will strengthen relationship with existing 

suppliers and expand into more new sales channels. 

3. Channel expansion: The Group has continued its efforts to establish the popularity of SunMoon brand 

in China’s retail and food service sectors in the past year. We have formed long-term stable cooperative 

relations with renowned retail and food service channels such as RT-Mart, Fresh Hippo, Suning Fresh, 

Burger King, etc. 

In the new fiscal year, SunMoon will continue to develop steadily, focusing on core category 

development, brand building, and channel expansion to further strengthen its businesses in the Chinese 

market.Our longer-term strategic plan for SunMoon is to gradually expand and strengthen the value-

added services beginning in the new fiscal year, including but not limited to customs declaration and 

inspection services, customized raw material processing services (OEM &amp; ODM), and supply chain 

financial services. 

As we move into a year filled with the uncertainty and risks brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, 

we will devote ourselves to operating SunMoon in a more stable and pragmatic way. We will continue 

to cement our position and strengthen our fundamentals. All these would not have been possible without 

our valuable stakeholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our management and staff for 

their commitment and dedication towards the Group. I would also like to extend my appreciation to our 

Board of Directors for their insightful guidance. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude 

to our business partners, customers and shareholders for their unwavering trust and faith in us 

 

 

Mr Zhang Ye  

Chief Executive Officer 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

4 

 

 

Organisational Profile  

SunMoon is a global distributor and marketeer of branded fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins and 

other food related products, delivered to the health-conscious consumer in the most convenient way. 

Started in 1983, SunMoon has grown and expanded its product offering which includes fresh fruits, 

vegetables, meat, seafood and French fries under its own brand. 

With an extensive sales network of over 15,000 point of sales globally, SunMoon’s offering of quality, 

premium products are distributed via supermarkets, convenience stores, online and wholesale 

channels, airlines, food services as well as SunMoon’s franchise outlets in Singapore. 

Since 2015, the Company has shifted towards an asset-light, consumer-centric and brand-focused 

business strategy by tapping on its strong brand equity and the Network x Geography x Product 

business model. Instead of owning farms and plantations, SunMoon sources for products from farmers. 

SunMoon’s products come with the SunMoon Quality Assurance label, which is backed by 

internationally recognised accreditations such as HACCP; Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP); AIB 

(Excellent), ISO 22000, Halal and Kosher Certification. 

SunMoon was listed in 1997 on the Mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange and has since grown 

and expanded its product offerings to meet the discerning consumers of today. 

Supply Chain (including cold chain processes) 

SunMoon mainly engages packers and growers from countries which include but is not limited to, China 

and countries in the South East Asia, Europe, South America continents.  

We have continued to build on the supply and sale of packaged, ready to drink whole young Thai 

coconuts in Singapore. fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins and other food related products to 

China. . 

All of our suppliers must also fulfil our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standards, a strict checklist of 

freshness, quality and safety, and be accredited with various regulatory credentials.  

Our People 

Our employees are inspired to be the best they can be, where our team is as diverse as the markets 

we serve. We foster an open environment where creativity thrives and provides our people with the 

opportunities they need to develop their skills. As at 31 March 2020, the total number of employees in 

the Company is 13 and the gender breakdown is 5 Female, 8 Male. All of our Company’s activities are 

performed by our employees. We do not have any collective bargaining agreements in place.  




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

5 

 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

At SunMoon, we believe that nothing is more important than the health of our customers and their 

family. We understand that the food we eat have a direct impact on our constitution and overall well-

being. Thus, we deliver from farm to fork quality nutritious, fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins and 

other food related product in the best and most convenient way. Our promises are:- 

a) 

To source the best quality fresh produce, aquatics, animal proteins and other food related 

product  from around the world 

b) 

To deliver you a product that is safe for consumption 

c) 

To provide great value in affordability of price 

d) 

To safeguard your interests at all times 

Because of our good values, principles and standards, we have been a trusted brand in the industry 

since 1977 and customers return for our trusted products from time and time. 

At the employee level, we have a code of business ethics that all employees are required to follow. 

Stakeholder Engagements 

Our stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on our relationship of reliance and impact on each 

other. Their needs and concerns are what drive our sustainability practices and measures. The following 

are stakeholders that we have engaged and identified: 

1. 

Customers  

2. 

Suppliers 

3. 

Authorities/Agent 

4. 

Shareholders 

5. 

Employees 

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

6 

 

Customers  

We engage our customers by carrying out adequate background checks including but not limited to 

whether they have healthy credit, the customer’s capacity, annual turnover and total paid up capital. 

We may also have customer satisfaction surveys and/or feedback and our staff can assist our 

customers if the need arises. Generally, our customers want more stock and more varieties of products 

to fulfil end-consumers’ demand. 

Suppliers  

The identification of suppliers is crucial and is an important part of SunMoon’s business operations. 

SunMoon will carry out background checks on our suppliers to ensure that their products meet our 

“SunMoon Quality Assurance” stringent standards which include the types, quality, safety of the 

products they supply, past experiences and track records. It is also important to take note that if the 

selected suppliers do not meet our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” and/or delivery targets, SunMoon will 

not hesitate to look for replacement suppliers. Management will undertake due diligence checks by 

visiting the farms of the selected suppliers so as to assess and ensure that the suppliers are able to 

meet our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” and that their operations are sufficient to meet delivery targets. 

As the industry is continuously developing, we are also in the process of developing sustainability and 

green standards for our suppliers to adhere to. In the course of the last FY19/20, we have engaged to 

ensure that our suppliers and/or products meet the “Marine Stewardship Council” accreditation. Our 

suppliers are concerned with the cost of business, speed of delivery and the quantity and quality of 

delivery.  

Authorities/Agent  

We may, as and when required, engage with the authorities/agents to assist them in the compliance of 

different regulatory, compliance and licensing/certification requirements across different borders. 

Effective engagement with the authorities/agents can reduce any delays or additional costs caused by 

licensing, importing or any other issues that may arise. 

Shareholders  

We understand that our investors are concerned with the economic performance of the Company. As 

such, SunMoon is committed to disclose relevant and material information to its shareholders, the 

investment community and the public in a timely, accurate and transparent manner, in accordance with 

the listing rules of the SGX-ST, and the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance (dated 6 August 

2018). Our disclosures are made public through SGX-ST’s SGXNet and on the Company’s corporate 

website at www.sunmoonfood.com. We regularly communicate through our nominated spokespersons 

to ensure consistency in messaging, addressing concerns and queries as well as managing the 

expectations of shareholders and the investment community. We also regularly engage shareholders, 

and/or potential investors, and the media through the Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary 

General meeting, conference calls, analyst briefings, media interviews and luncheons, Annual Reports, 

Press Releases and announcements on SGXNet.  

Employees  

Our employees go through regular feedback and appraisals and have ample opportunity to develop 

their skills and competencies. They also have the opportunity to take on greater roles and 

responsibilities. Our employees would like better incentives and performance bonuses as well as better 

work life balance. 

 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

7 

 

 

 

Reporting Practice  

The extensive list of GRI topics were discussed between the Company’s senior management and they 

have shortlisted the top 5 most relevant topics. Following that, the top 5 material topics were presented 

to and approved by the board.  

The topics that SunMoon will be covering are:-  

1. 

GRI 201 Economic Performance; 

2. 

GRI 204 Procurement Practices; 

3. 

GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment;  

4. 

GRI 401 Employment; and 

5. 

GRI 404 Training and Education. 

The reporting period is from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020. This reporting period is in accordance with 

the SGX Guidelines Practice Note 7.6 and is the second Sustainability Report the Company has made. 

The reporting cycle will be prepared annually in respect to SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6. The 

contact point for any questions regarding the report or its contents can be sent to 

enquiry@sunmoonfood.com. There is no restatement of information for this Sustainability Report.  

The report is based on the Global Reporting Initiative Standards. SunMoon has not engaged any 

external assurance for this Sustainability Report.  

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

 

Due to the nature of SunMoon’s business, climate change and weather will invariably have a direct 

impact on our products. Bad weather conditions caused by climate change will have a negative impact 

on product quality and quantity. In view of the Covid-19 pandemic, workers were affected which had 





































































































































































































































































































































































































93%

6% 1%

Total Economic Value Distributed



Total operating cost to suppliers( approximately)



Employee salaries and benefits (approximately)



Directors fee (approximately)


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

8 

 

resulted in the production volume being greatly reduced. Additionally, the Covid-19 pandemic had also 

changed the social norms, for example, end-consumers such as restaurants were forced to close and 

resulted in lower demand and stagnated prices. In 2019, bad weather conditions had also directly 

affected the quality and quantity of pear harvests, in particular, in the People’s Republic of China. We 

recognise the impact of climate change on our revenues and so endeavour to involve all our partners 

to participate and engage in sustainability practices.  

Given the changing nature and landscape of SunMoon’s business, the Company’s has been looking to 

increase its existing product offerings. In particular, the intent is to identify and source for products which 

are less susceptible to climate changes.  

SunMoon has received Job Support Scheme grant from the Singapore Government. This has helped 

SunMoon in reduction of salary expenditure. In addition, SunMoon has also received property tax relief 

rebates as part of the Singapore Government’s initiative as a result of the Covid pandemic, this has 

helped and reduced SunMoon’s rental costs. These grants gave the Company support to improve our 

capabilities.  

For detailed financial results, please refer to our financial statements as set out in the Annual Report 

2019/20. 

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES  

SunMoon has implemented improved global procurement strategies, and manages a carefully 

controlled process based on the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standard. Products from certified farms, 

plantations and processing factories are selected according to the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” 

standard, a critical checklist of freshness, quality, and safety as demanded by our discerning customers; 

a reputation also backed up by internationally recognised accreditations. 

As fresh fruits, vegetables, meat, seafood and French fries are perishable goods, we do not keep large 

inventories and our operational model is mainly to work with our suppliers so as to undertake direct 

shipping of the fresh produce. Accordingly, our procurement budget is substantially spent on suppliers.                  

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT  

All suppliers must be approved according to SunMoon’s set of selection criteria to ensure product quality 

and branding. Complementing quality assurances and our brand, we at SunMoon believe strongly in 

protecting and caring for our environment. As such, we at SunMoon will make a conscientious effort in 

developing and, in due course, implement environmental assessment processes.  

Target for subsequent reporting 

SunMoon is committed to increase the existing number of suppliers, both internationally and locally in 

the People’s Republic of China to meet both international and local demand.  


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

9 

 

 

 

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT  

There are 12 new employee hires during the reporting period with below 30 years of age and between 

30 to 50 years of age. The makeup of the new hires comprises of 5 female and 7 male. The total number 

of employees(1) as at 31 March 2020 is13 which comprises of 5 female and 8 male. 

SunMoon also provides various benefits to full time employees such as free medical services at one of 

our panel clinics, dental and specialist medical benefits. Additionally, we are supportive of family life 

and work-life balance and offer various types of leave for our employees such as parental, marriage, 

maternity, paternity, childcare, examination, and compassionate leave. However, none of our 

employees utilised their parental leave during the reporting period.  

Note: 

(1) 

For SunMoon’s, there were a total of 3 females and 2 males who were hired and resigned for FY19/20. 

there were a total of 12 females and 3 males who resigned during FY19/20.  

 

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

10 

 

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

As part of SunMoon’s policy of constant training and professional development for our employees, we 

send our employees to various training programs in order to upgrade their skills and competencies; this 

improves employee satisfaction and helps our staff performs even better at their jobs. For example, our 

finance team was sent to professional courses such as the “Achieving Mastery and Success Through 

Growth Mindset” conducted by the Singapore Management University. Additionally, we sent our 

employees to participate in large-scale exhibitions, such as, the Asia Fruits Logistic Exhibition, Shanghai 

Seafood Exhibition, Asia Seafood Exhibition, National Gift Exhibition and China Export and Import 

Exhibition in the People’s Republic of China. On an ongoing basis, the Company will seek to ensure 

that senior managements are considered for leadership training to ensure that their skills and 

knowledge remain relevant.  

The average hour of training per year per employee amounted to 15 hours. All of our employees have 

annual performance reviews being carried out as part of our Company’s policy. They receive regular 

performance and career development reviews as feedback so that they can continue to improve.  

Target for subsequent reporting 

SunMoon targets to maintain our training hours for our employees and costs to be set aside in upgrading 

the skills of our staff for the upcoming financial year. In addition, we have not stopped efforts and will 

target to send all directors of SunMoon for training on the roles and responsibilities of a director of a 

listed issuer.  

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

11 

 

GRI Contents Index 

 

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

 

Page No. 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

102-2 [Core] 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-4 [Core] 

Location of operations 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-5 [Core] 

Ownership and legal  

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Page 97 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2020 

 

 

102-6 [Core] 

Markets served 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-7 [Core] 

Scale of the organisation 

 

 

Page 9 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2020 

 

 

102-8 [Core] 

Information on employees and other workers. 

 

 

Pages 4 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-9 [Core] 

Supply Chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-10 [Core] 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-11 [Core] 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-12 [Core] 

External initiatives 

 

 

Pages 5 and 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-13 [Core] 

Membership of associations 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

STRATEGY 

 

102-14 [Core] 

Statement from senior decision maker 

 

 

Page 2 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

102-16 [Core] 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

102-18 [Core] 

Governance structure 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

12 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

102-40 [Core] 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-41 [Core] 

Collective bargaining agreements 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-42 [Core] 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-43 [Core] 

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-44 [Core] 

Key Topics and concerns raised 

 

 

Page 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

 

102-45 [Core] 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

 

 

Page 2 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2020 

 

102-46 [Core] 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-47 [Core] 

List of material topics 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-48 [Core] 

Restatements of information 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-49 [Core] 

Changes in reporting  

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-50 [Core] 

Reporting Period 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-51 [Core] 

Date of most recent report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-52 [Core] 

Reporting cycle 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-53 [Core] 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-54 [Core] 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI standards 

 

 

Pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-55 [Core] 

GRI content Index 

 

 

Pages 7 to 10 of the Sustainability Report 

 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

13 

 

 

102-56 [Core] 

External assurance 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES  

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

Page No. 

 

 

GRI 201 : ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

201-1  

Direct Economic Value Generated and distributed 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Page 36 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ending 31 March 2020 

 

 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 

 

 

*SunMoon has no benefit plan obligation 

or other retirement plans 

 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 204 : PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 308 : SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GRI 401 : EMPLOYMENT 

 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-3 

Parental leave 

 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 404 : TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

 

 

Page 10 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

404-2 

 

Page 10 of the Sustainability Report 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020 

 

14 

 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 

 

 

 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews 

 

 

Page 10 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

