
 

SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED 

(Registration No. 198304656K) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

02  

CEO’S STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

04  

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

04  

SUPPLY CHAIN 

04  

OUR PEOPLE 

05  

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

06  

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

06  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

07  

REPORTING PRACTICE 

08  

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

08  

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

09  

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

09  

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 

09  

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

2 

 

 

CEO’s Statement on Sustainability 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I am pleased to present SunMoon Food Company 

Limited’s (“SunMoon” or the “Company”) Sustainability Report for the twelve (12) months ended 31 

March 2018. 

About the Sustainability Report 

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI”) and 

covers environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance of all business divisions and 

subsidiaries which are under the Group’s financial and operational control.  

Information presented in the report has been extracted from our internal records and documents to 

ensure accuracy using internationally accepted measurement data units. Unless otherwise stated, the 

information represents that of the Group. 

As SunMoon has always embedded sustainable practices in its activities, it welcomes the release of 

the sustainability reporting guidelines issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) in July 2016. This initiative has provided us the platform to formalise our sustainability 

policies and procedures; consolidate our existing efforts; communicate to our stakeholders; and plan 

further for the future. 

CEO Statement  

Here at SunMoon, we are deeply committed in ensuring sustainable development of our business by 

engaging our stakeholders and giving back to the community. Besides being responsible for setting 

the overall strategy and management of the Group, our Board is also active in considering 

sustainability issues such as the environmental and social factors affecting us as part of our strategic 

formulation. The approval of the Board is required and essential for any matter which is likely to have 

a material impact on the Group, including issues relating to sustainability as well as corporate social 

responsibility. The Company takes committed view towards sustainable practices and issues and as 

such, our Board will be appointing a Sustainability Officer to oversee all sustainability related issues. 

The Sustainability Officer will be responsible for the major and overall direction of the sustainability 

report and processes and oversees the management of sustainability within the Group. While we 

have not sought independent assurance, we rely on our internal processes to verify the accuracy of 

ESG performance data and the information presented in the report. 

As we continue to grow our Network x Geography x Product (N x G x P) business model by 

expanding the Company’s network, geographic footprint as well as product range, we will continue to 

be mindful of the economic, environmental and social impacts that SunMoon may create along the 

way and will do our best to manage any such impacts. To date, SunMoon has 315 products in 6 

countries, ranging from fresh fruits such as apples, pears and seasonal fruits such as cherries, grapes 

and pomegranates; to consumer products such as fruit cups, juices, snacks and frozen durians. Our 

network now stands at over 15,000 points of sales globally.  




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

3 

 

Our long term goal would be to manage and reduce negative economic, environmental and social 

impacts. Through our transition into an asset light, consumer-centric and technology-driven company, 

and by looking into various new technologies such as block-chain and artificial intelligence to re-invent 

and improve our processes, we hope to reduce any negative impacts on our stakeholders as well as 

further improve our sustainability strategies. 

Looking forward to the new financial year, we would like to improve and enhance shareholder value in 

a sustainable way while engaging the various stakeholders. Our selection of stakeholders for 

engagement is determined by the influence, responsibility, dependency, representation and proximity 

that the stakeholders have with our businesses, which includes, employees, suppliers, government 

regulators, customers and investors.  

We work collaboratively with a global network of suppliers spanning 5 continents to develop 

innovative, natural, sustainable and nutritious food products for increasingly health-conscious 

consumers. Our global procurement strategy is the frontline of our sustainability strategy and our 

suppliers are procured according to our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standards. On top of 

internationally recognised accreditations, we select our products according to our “SunMoon Quality 

Assurance” standards, which is a strict checklist of freshness, quality and safety.  

Being the core of our Company, our employees are also a significant internal stakeholder group. We 

encourage and support our employees in seeking constant professional development and skills 

upgrading through various courses, seminars and programmes and will continue to do so in the new 

financial year. We will continue to engage our employees and management to identify and validate 

the final list of topics based on the significance of the ESG factors; their impact on the business; and 

the degree of influence they have on stakeholders’ decisions. 

Besides the engagement of our stakeholders, we also acknowledge the importance of corporate 

social responsibility and have been active in various outreach and community programmes. In the 

new financial year, not only will we maintain our presence in these programmes, we will also consider 

expanding and improving our involvement with the community to create awareness and promote a 

healthy lifestyle based on the consumer products and fresh fruits which, here at SunMoon, we are 

immensely proud of.  

Although not a direct contributor to pollution and climate change, we are aware of the challenges that 

pollution and bad farming practices can create. Climate change can negatively impact our product’s 

quality and quantity and this has the potential to reduce our customer’s satisfaction as well as 

shareholder value. Thus, efforts were made to try and influence and encourage other enterprises and 

individuals to take part in sustainable environmental practices such as saving energy, protecting 

environment and improving operational efficiency. 

As the CEO of the Company, we are proud to say that ensuring sustainable corporate practices 

continues to be a key element of our business efforts as we expand our international footprint. We will 

continue to do our part for the communities and our environment which we operate in and serve, and 

will explore new and exciting ways to benefit the community in the next few years. 

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all stakeholders who have 

contributed to the success of SunMoon over the years. 

Mr Zhang Ye  

Chief Executive Officer 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

4 

 

Organisational Profile 

SunMoon is a global distributor and marketer of branded fresh fruits, vegetables, and consumer 

products, delivered to the health-conscious consumer in the most convenient way.  

Started in 1983, SunMoon has grown its product offering to over 315 products, including fresh fruits, 

vegetables, freeze-dried fruit snacks, nuts, fruit cups, fruit sticks, juices, sorbets, and frozen fruits 

under its own brand. We have operations in China, and Singapore and we distribute our products to 

countries which include but are not limited to, China, Indonesia, Thailand, Australia, Brazil, Middle 

East and Europe.  

SunMoon is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and listed on the Mainboard of the 

Singapore Exchange. Our immediate holding company is YiGuo General Food Pte Ltd, incorporated 

in the Republic of Singapore and our ultimate holding company is Shanghai YiGuo E-Commence Co. 

Ltd, incorporated in the People’s Republic of China.  

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. The Board considers 

sustainability issues as well as economic and ESG factors as part of its strategy formulation.  

Supply Chain 

SunMoon mainly engages packers and growers from countries which include but is not limited to, 

Japan, China, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico and Thailand.  

There are no significant organisation and supply chain during the financial year, however, as a result 

of our N x G x P business model, by expanding our network, geographic footprint and product range, 

on 26 April 2018, our first chartered flight of avocados from Mexico to China landed with 30 tonnes of 

avocados. We have also started the sale of packaged, ready to drink whole young Thai coconuts in 

Singapore and are working on increasing the Thai coconut supply to the Australia and Europe.  

All of our suppliers must also fulfil our “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standards, a strict checklist of 

freshness, quality and safety, and be accredited with various regulatory credentials.  

 

Our People 

Our employees are inspired to be the best they can be, where our team is as diverse as the markets 

we serve. We foster an open environment where creativity thrives and provides our people with the 

opportunities they need to develop their skills. All of our employees are permanent, full time staff in 

Singapore and the gender breakdown is 27 Female, 16 Male. All of our Company’s activities are 

performed by our employees. We do not have any collective bargaining agreements in place.  

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

5 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

Here at SunMoon we are concerned with the state of the world and the overall health of its populace. 

We strongly promote healthy living and believe in the healing power of consuming quality fruits. 

World Cancer Day - In line with SunMoon’s values of community care, we are pleased to sponsor in 

kind to outreach and educate Singaporeans on cancer. Singapore Cancer Society, as a community-

based Voluntary Welfare Organisation is dedicated to minimising the impact of cancer through public 

education, screening, patient services, financial assistance, research and advocacy. But they cannot 

do this alone. And we believe no one should have to fight cancer alone. We therefore rallied the 

community to support their cause and join in the fight against cancer. 

Class 95 Adopted Charity - SunMoon is proud to be part of Class 95FM’s movement for its adopted 

charity. Arc Children’s Centre is dedicated to nurturing and enriching the lives of children with cancer 

or other life-threatening illness, in a joyful and healthy environment. Be part of the circle of care for 

every child in need with Class 95FM. 

Rock the naked truth - Rock The Naked Truth is a body image movement created to help people find 

confidence in their bodies through fitness. We believe in eating well and living right and that there is 

not a standard size or shape anyone should be in. So let’s celebrate diversities in our bodies and all 

the amazing things it has done for you.  

Today is the Day Singapore 2017 – In line with SunMoon’s values of community care, we are pleased 

to support Today is the Day Singapore 2017. The programme is an art initiative that emphasises the 

use of art therapy to treat Fukushima children who are suffering from complex trauma and internal 

radiation.  

Chingay 2017 – We supported Chingay performers with healthy fruit snacks for Chingay 2017.  

Family Fun Fiesta 2017 – We are proud to be part of the Family Fun Fiesta 2017, organised by ITE 

College Central, the event aims to encourage healthy living while promoting family bonding.  

Wave of Hope 2017 – Organised by the Rotaract Club of National University of Singapore, Waves of 

Hope 2017 is a charity fundraising event aiming to raise money for the Children Cancer Foundation. 

For every $5 donated, our national swimmers and other participants swam a lap for the cause, we are 

proud to be part of this meaningful event.  

National Sailing Championships 2017 and 2018 – In line with SunMoon’s values of community care, 

we are pleased to work together with Singapore Sailing Federation and support our Singapore sailors 

and their family members during the annual National Sailing Championships that took place in June 

2017 by providing refreshing fruit cups to participating sailors to raise awareness about healthy 

lifestyle and fitness. 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

6 

 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

At SunMoon, we believe that nothing is more important than the health of our customers and their 

family. We understand that the food we eat have a direct impact on our constitution and overall well-

being. Thus, we deliver from farm to fork quality nutritious fresh fruits, vegetables and other consumer 

products in the best and most convenient way. Our promises are:- 

a) 

To source the best quality fruit from around the world 

b) 

To deliver you a product that is safe for consumption 

c) 

To provide great value in affordability of price 

d) 

To safeguard your interests at all times 

Because of our good values, principles and standards, we have been a trusted brand in the fruit 

industry since 1977 and customers return for our trusted products from time and time. 

At the employee level, we have a code of business ethics that all employees are required to follow.  

Stakeholder Engagements 

Our stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on our relationship of reliance and impact on 

each other. Their needs and concerns are what drive our sustainability practices and measures. The 

following are stakeholders that we have engaged and identified: 

1. 

Customers  

2. 

Suppliers 

3. 

Authorities/Agent 

4. 

Shareholders 

5. 

Employees 

Customers  

We engage our customers by carrying out adequate background checks including but not limited to 

whether they have healthy credit, the customer’s capacity, annual turnover and total paid up capital. 

We may also have customer satisfaction surveys and/or feedback and our staff can assist our 

customers if the need arises. Generally, our customers want more stock and more varieties of fruits to 

fulfil demand.  

 

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

7 

 

Suppliers  

We carry out background checks on our suppliers to ensure that their products meet our “SunMoon 

Quality Assurance” standards which include the types, quality and safety of the products they supply. 

We are also in the process of developing sustainability and green standards for our suppliers to 

adhere to. Our suppliers are concerned with the cost of business, speed of delivery and the quantity 

and quality of delivery.  

Authorities/Agent  

We may, as and when required, engage with the authorities/agents to assist them in the compliance 

of different regulatory, compliance and licensing/certification requirements across different borders. 

Effective engagement with the authorities/agents can reduce any delays or additional costs caused by 

licensing, importing or any other issues that may arise. 

Shareholders  

We understand that our investors are concerned with the economic performance of the Company. As 

such, SunMoon is committed to disclose relevant and material information to its shareholders, the 

investment community and the public in a timely, accurate and transparent manner, in accordance 

with the rules of the SGX-ST, and the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance. Our disclosures are 

made public through SGX-ST’s SGXNet and on the Company’s corporate website at 

www.sunmoonfood.com. We regularly communicate through our nominated spokespersons to ensure 

consistency in messaging, addressing concerns and queries as well as managing the expectations of 

shareholders and the investment community. We also regularly engage shareholders, and/or potential 

investors, and the media through the Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General meeting, 

conference calls, analyst briefings, media interviews and luncheons, Annual Reports, Press Releases 

and announcements on SGXNet. 

Employees  

Our employees go through regular feedback and appraisals and have ample opportunity to develop 

their skills and competencies. They also have the opportunity to take on greater roles and 

responsibilities. Our employees would like better incentives and performance bonuses as well as 

better work life balance. 

Reporting Practice  

The extensive list of GRI topics were discussed between the Company’s senior management and 

they have shortlisted the top 5 most relevant topics. Following that, the top 5 material topics were 

presented to and approved by the board.  

The topics that SunMoon will be covering are:- 

1. 

GRI 201 Economic Performance; 

2. 

GRI 204 Procurement Practices; 

3. 

GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment;  

4. 

GRI 401 Employment; and 

5. 

GRI 404 Training and Education. 

The reporting period is from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018. This reporting period is in accordance 

with the SGX Guidelines Practice Note 7.6 and is the first Sustainability Report the Company has 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

8 

 

made. The reporting cycle will be prepared annually in respect to SGX-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 

7.6. The contact point for any questions regarding the report or its contents can be sent to 

enquiry@sunmoonfood.com. There is no restatement of information for this Sustainability Report.  

The report is based on the Global Reporting Initiative Standards. SunMoon has not engaged any 

external assurance for this Sustainability Report.  

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Due to the nature of SunMoon’s business, climate change and weather will invariably have a direct 

impact on our products. Bad weather conditions caused by climate change will have a negative 

impact on product quality and quantity. In 2018, bad weather conditions directly affected the quality 

and quantity of apple harvests, in particular, in the People’s Republic of China. We recognize the 

impact of climate change on our revenues and so endeavour to involve all our partners to participate 

and engage in sustainability practices.  

Currently, SunMoon has received CDG and MRA grants from the government. CDG stands for 

Capability Development Grant. CDG is a financial assistance program by the Singapore government 

to help businesses build capabilities in key areas such as improving the efficiency of technology a 

company uses and enhancement of financial management. The Market Readiness Assistance (MRA) 

grant assists the Company with overseas marketing costs and aims to facilitate the growth of 

Singapore companies overseas. These grants gave the Company support to improve our capabilities.  

GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

SunMoon has implemented improved global procurement strategies, and manages a carefully 

controlled process based on the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standard. Fruits from certified 

plantations are selected according to the “SunMoon Quality Assurance” standard, a critical checklist 

of freshness, quality, and safety as demanded by our discerning customers; a reputation also backed 

up by internationally recognised accreditations. 

As fresh fruits are perishable goods, we do not keep large inventories and our operational model is 

mainly to work with our suppliers so as to undertake direct shipping of the fresh fruits. Accordingly, 

our procurement budget is substantially spent on suppliers.  

Total Economic Revenue Distributed

Operating Costs to Suppliers

(approximately S$44,103,000)

Employee Wages and Benefits

(approximately S$1,683,000)

Directors Fees and

Remunerations (approximately

S$744,000)


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

9 

 

 

 

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

All suppliers must be approved according to SunMoon’s set of selection criteria to ensure product 

quality and branding. Complementing quality assurances and our brand, we at SunMoon believes 

strongly in protecting and caring for our environment. As such, we at SunMoon will make a 

conscientious effort in developing and, in due course, implement environmental assessment 

processes.  

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 

There are 3 new employee hires during the reporting period with 1 below 30 years of age, 2 are 

between 30 to 50 years of age. 1 of new hires is female and 2 are males, and there was no staff 

turnover for the financial year ending 31 March 2018. 

SunMoon also provides various benefits to full time employees such as free medical services at one 

of our panel clinics, dental and specialist medical benefits. Additionally, we are supportive of family life 

and work-life balance and offer various types of leave for our employees such as parental, marriage, 

maternity, paternity, childcare, exam, and compassionate leave. However, none of our employees 

utilised their parental leave during the reporting period.  

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

As part of SunMoon’s policy of constant training and professional development for our employees, we 

frequently send our employees to various training programs in order to upgrade their skills and 

competencies; this improves employee satisfaction and helps our staff perform even better at their 

jobs. For example, our marketing team was sent for various marketing related trainings such as the 

“APAC Google Squared Online Digital Marketing Course”, our sales and procurement staff were sent 

for “Strategic Supply Chain Management” course, our management staff was sent for various 

upgrading courses like “Essential Contract Law for Non-Legal Professionals” and our IT staff were 

sent to develop their skills in new technologies like blockchain with “Technical and Practical 

Introduction to the Economics of the Blockchain”. On an ongoing basis, the Company also seeks to 

ensure that senior management are considered for leadership training to ensure that their skills and 

knowledge remain relevant.  

The average hour of training per year per employee amounted to 9 hours. All of our employees have 

annual performance reviews being carried out as part of our Company’s policy. They receive regular 

performance and career development reviews as feedback so that they can continue to improve.  

 




SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

10 

 

 

GRI Contents Index 

 

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

 

Page No. 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

102-2 [Core] 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-4 [Core] 

Location of operations 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-5 [Core] 

Ownership and legal  

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Page 94 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2018 

 

 

102-6 [Core] 

Markets served 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-7 [Core] 

Scale of the organisation 

 

 

Page 9 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2018 

 

 

102-8 [Core] 

Information on employees and other workers. 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-9 [Core] 

Supply Chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-10 [Core] 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-11 [Core] 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-12 [Core] 

External initiatives 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-13 [Core] 

Membership of associations 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

STRATEGY 

 

102-14 [Core] 

Statement from senior decision maker 

 

 

Page 2 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

102-16 [Core] 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

 

 

Page 5 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

11 

 

 

102-18 [Core] 

Governance structure 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

102-40 [Core] 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

 

Page 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-41 [Core] 

Collective bargaining agreements 

 

 

Page 4 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-42 [Core] 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

 

 

Page 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-43 [Core] 

Approach to stakeholder engagement  

 

 

Page 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-44 [Core] 

Key Topics and concerns raised 

 

 

Page 6 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

 

102-45 [Core] 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

 

 

Page 2 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ended 31 March 2018 

 

102-46 [Core] 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-47 [Core] 

List of material topics 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-48 [Core] 

Restatements of information 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-49 [Core] 

Changes in reporting  

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-50 [Core] 

Reporting Period 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-51 [Core] 

Date of most recent report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-52 [Core] 

Reporting cycle 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-53 [Core] 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-54 [Core] 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI standards 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

102-55 [Core] 

GRI content Index 

 

 

Pages 10 - 12 of the Sustainability Report 

 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

12 

 

 

102-56 [Core] 

External assurance 

 

 

Page 7 of the Sustainability Report 

 

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES  

GRI Reference and Disclosure Title 

Page No. 

 

 

GRI 201 : ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

201-1  

Direct Economic Value Generated and distributed 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

Page 35 of the Annual Report for the 

financial year ending 31 March 2018 

 

 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 

 

 

*SunMoon has no benefit plan obligation 

or other retirement plans 

 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 204 : PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

 

Page 8 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 308 : SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

GRI 401 : EMPLOYMENT 

 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

401-3 

Parental leave 

 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

GRI 404 : TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

404-2 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 


SUMOON FOOD COMPANY LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018 

 

13 

 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 

 

 

 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 

reviews 

 

 

Page 9 of the Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

