


 

 

 

SUNPOWER GROUP 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Be the Solution, not  the pollution. 












 

1 CONTENTS 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

CONTENTS 

 

ABOUT SUNPOWER ...................................................................................................................... 3 

Organisation Profile ........................................................................................................... 3 

Corporate Structure ...................................................................................................................... 5 

Our Honors and Awards ................................................................................................................ 6 

Our Accreditations ........................................................................................................................ 7 

Membership of Associations ......................................................................................................... 8 

 Historical Timeline........................................................................................................................ 9 

Chairman’s Message ....................................................................................................... 10 

Sustainability Approach ...................................................................................................... 12 

Corporate Governance .................................................................................................... 13 

Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................................ 15 

Material Topics ................................................................................................................ 19 

ENVIRONMENT .......................................................................................................................... 21 

EEM ................................................................................................................................ 21 

EPC Sevices ................................................................................................................... 27 

Green Investment  (“GI”) Business .................................................................................. 29 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ............................................................................................................. 33 

Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) ......................................................................... 33 

Internal Stakeholder OHS ............................................................................................................ 34 

External Stakeholder OHS ........................................................................................................... 35 

Our People ...................................................................................................................... 36 


 

2 CONTENTS 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Training and Education .................................................................................................... 38 

Corporate Culture ............................................................................................................ 40 

Team Bonding ................................................................................................................. 41 

Contribution to Society .................................................................................................... 42 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT..................................................................................................... 43 

Supply Chain Management ............................................................................................. 43 

Quality Management ....................................................................................................... 44 

Innovative Patents ........................................................................................................... 44 

Economic Performance ................................................................................................... 45 

Customer Satisfaction ..................................................................................................... 47 

ABOUT THIS REPORT .................................................................................................................. 48 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ............................................................... 49 

 

 

 


 

3 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

ABOUT SUNPOWER 

Organisation Profile 

Founded in 1997 and listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange (“SGX-ST”) since 2005, Sunpower Group 

is an environmental protection solutions specialist with over 20 years of experience in providing 

environmental protection and energy-saving solutions. Headquartered at No. 2111 Chengxin Road, 

Nanjing Jiangning Science Park, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, 211112, P.R. China. The Group is made up 

of two main business segments, namely its value creator and growth driver, Green Investments (“GI”) 

and its foundation business, Manufacturing &amp; Services (“M&amp;S”). 

 

The GI segment, invests in, develops and operates centralised steam, heat and electricity generation 

plants. The Group is strongly positioned to capitalise on the enormous market opportunities in the 

environmental protection sector in China and build a valuable portfolio of assets that generates 

attractive investment returns, as well as recurring, long-term and high-quality income and cash flows 

based on typically 30-year concession agreements (with first right of renewal).  

 

In the M&amp;S segment, the Group engages in the businesses of high-end Environmental Protection 

Manufacturing and Services (EEM), and Engineering, Procurement and Construction Integrated 

Solutions (EPC) to provide a variety of customised products and solutions for diverse industries. 

Sunpower has served more than 1,500 companies in over 15 industries across 30 countries, of which 

70% are repeat customers, including reputable multinational names such as BASF, BP, Shell, SABIC, 

DowDuPont, Alcoa, Bayer, Exxon Mobil, SINOPEC, CNPC, CNOOC and China Shenhua, etc. 

 

With a proven track record and strong investor commitment, Sunpower is uniquely positioned to build 

a valuable portfolio of assets that will make GI its main creator of intrinsic value and sustainable 

growth driver in the long term. Sunpower’s GI business has strong tariff collection terms as its GI plants 

are exclusive suppliers of non-discretionary input products to its customers. Sunpower is on target to 

invest approximately RMB2.5 billion in equity in GI assets by 2021. 


 

4 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





Global Footprint 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

5 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Corporate Structure 

 

 

 




 

6 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Our Honors and Awards  

Year 

Awards 

2018 

The Deloitte Best Managed and performance Companies award in China 

China Petrochemical Group Science and Technology Progress Award from China 

Petrochemical Corporation 

Ernst &amp; Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award 2018TM China 

2017 

National Quality Engineering Award (Gold) from China Association of Construction 

Enterprise Management 

Jiangsu Famous Export Brand from Department of Commerce, Jiangsu Province 

Nanjing Science and Technology Progress Award (First Prize) from Nanjing Government 

2016 

Jiangsu Top 100 Innovative Enterprises from Jiangsu Science &amp; Technology Department 

Nanjing Science and Technology Progress Award from Nanjing Government 

High Quality Engineering Award from China Petrochemical Corporation 

Strategic Supplier Award from Wanhua Chemical Group 

2015 

China Petrochemical Group Science and Technology Progress Award from China 

Petrochemical Corporation 

2014 

Jiangsu Famous Brand Certificate from Jiangsu Province Brand Strategy Promotion 

Committee 

2013 

2013 China’s National Equipment Top Hundred Enterprises, and China’s Top 10 Chemical 

Heat Transfer Equipment Enterprises from China Petroleum and Chemical Industry 

Federation 

Flare-gas recovery system designated as “2013 China’s Key National Product” 

2012 

National Torch Plan High/New Technology Enterprise from the Ministry of Science and 

Technology, People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) 

China Renowned Trademark from the Trademark Office, State Administration for 

Industry &amp; Commerce, PRC 

2010 

Technology Innovation Achievement Award from China Association for Quality 

Before 

2010 

Deloitte Technology Fast 500, Stellar Performance 

 


 

7 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





 

 

Our Accreditations 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Jiangsu Province, Enterprise 

Technology Center 



Jiangsu Province, Enterprise 

Academician Workstation 



Jiangsu Engineering Research Center 

for Energy Saving 



Nanjing City Certified, Enterprise 

Technology Center  



Technology Research Institute for 

Industrial Energy Saving  



Postdoctoral Programme  



Working Group on Thermal Pile of 

National Technical Committee 223 



Nanjing Permafrost Engineering 

Center  




 

8 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Membership of Associations 

To further the sustainability cause, Sunpower’s senior management is represented on various industry 

bodies and civil society organisations.  

 

No. 

Name of Association 

Role or position 

1 

China Power Development Promotion 

Association Renewable Energy Generation 

Conference 

Member 

2 

China Petroleum and Chemical Industry 

Federation 

Member 

3 

China Non-Ferrous Metals Industry 

Association Titanium Zirconium &amp; Hafnium 

Branch 

Member 

4 

PetroChina And Chemical Industry 

Reconnaissance Design Association 

Member 

5 

China Chemical Industrial Equipment 

Association 

Member 

6 

Energy Research and Utilisation 

Guo Hongxin, Chairman 

7 

Jiangsu Petrochemical Equipment Industry 

Association 

Guo Hongxin, Vice President 

8 

Shandong Province Electric Power 

Enterprise Association 

Member 

9 

Jiangsu Environmental Protection Industry 

Network 

Member 

10 

Jiangsu Association of Science &amp; 

Technology Innovation 

Member 

11 

Jiangsu Enterprise Research and 

Development Organization Promotion 

Association 

Member of the Association 

12 

Nanjing Environment Protection Industry 

Association 

Member 

 


 

9 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 Historical Timeline 

 

 

    2007 

Obtained the first 

national patent; 

Participated in the 

National West-to-East 

Gas Transmission 

Project 

 

Established as 

Engineering and 

Technology Research 

Center of High 

Efficiency Industrial 

Energy-saving 

Equipment in Jiangsu 

Province 

 

    2008 

Signed a strategic 

cooperation agreement 

with the Chinese 

Academy of Sciences 

on Permafrost 

Engineering and 

established the Nanjing 

Permafrost Engineering 

Center of the Chinese 

Academy of Sciences 

  

 

 

Sinopec's strategic 

partner for export 

integration 

     2012 

Recognised as a China 

Top Brand 

 

Signed the Asia Regional 

Strategic Cooperation 

Agreement with 

Germany BASF 

 

 2014 

Incorporation of  

American entity 

 

Achieved the localisation 

of LNG gasifier 

equipment 

 

Undertook the largest 

coal-to-olefin project in 

the world 

 

     1997 

Date of incorporation 

 

 1998 

Obtained the first national 

patent; Participated in the 

National West-to-East Gas 

Transmission Project 

 

 2000 

Became a designated 

supplier of "three barrels of 

oil" in China and started 

supplying high-end 

equipment to BASF 

 

     2003 

Developed thermal transfer 

heat pipes for permafrost 

solidification project to 

overcome the key difficulties 

of building Qinghai-Tibet 

Railway in China 

 

 

 

 2005 

Singapore Stock Exchange 

(SGX) listing 

 

Promoted 

internationalisation 

strategies 

 

 2006 

First China Standard 

Innovation Contribution 

Award 

 

Construction of China's 

first zero-discharge 

device for high-

concentration saline 

wastewater (ZLD project) 

 

    2009 

Global market footprint 

expanded to more than 

20 countries 

 

 2010 

The National Standard for 

Special Tubes for High 

Efficiency Heat 

Exchangers was formally 

issued and implemented 

 

 2011 

The National Standards of 

Hot Rod and the National 

Standards of Coreless 

Heat Pipe and Coreless 

Heat Pipe were approved 

and promulgated 

 

Products exported to 

Saudi Arabia and 

breakthroughs in the 

Middle East Market 

 

 

  

     2015 

Clean Energy 

subsidiaries were 

incprporated to formally 

enter the green 

investment business 

 

Mr Guo Hongxin, 

Chairman of the Board 

of Directors, was elected 

to the National Science 

and Technology 

Ministry's "Ten 

Thousands Plan" 

 

Formally became one of 

SHELL's three global 

strategic suppliers of 

flare gas recovery 

systems and the only 

one  in Asia 

 

  

     2016 

Mr Guo Hongxin was 

selected as the leader of 

the National Ten Thousand 

People Program 

 

Phased achievements were 

achieved in green 

investment business and 

three major projects were 

put into construction 

 

     2017 

CDH Investments and DCP 

Capital completed 1st round 

of USD110 million 

investment through 

purchase of convertible 

bonds to help green 

investment business 

leapfrog its development 

 

The first phase of green 

investment business was 

successful, with three 

projects in operation and 

five projects under 

construction or at the 

design phase. 

 

Shenhua Shaanxi Methanol 

Processing Project, 

contracted by Zhongsheng 

Environmental Protection 

Engineering Services 

General Contract, won the 

"National Quality 

Engineering Award" 

 

 





























































     2018 

CDH Investments and 

DCP Capital completed 

2nd round of investment, 

totaling US$180 million, 

through purchase of 

convertible bonds  

 

The production service 

sector exceeded RMB2 

billion in orders on hand 

 

Green investment 

projects achieved scale 

development with seven 

operational projects and  

five projects under 

construction or at the 

design phase. 

 

First prize for Sinopec's 

scientific and 

technological progress 






































 

 

10 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

Chairman’s Message 

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present to you our second year Sustainability Report of 

Sunpower Group Ltd. (“SUNPOWER”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2018 ( “FY2018”).  This report marks a significant milestone for the 

Group, as it demonstrates our commitment to engage stakeholders in our sustainability vision, goals, 

and practices. Through this report, we hope to provide a better understanding of how we tackled 

several key areas in the economic, social and environmental landscape of our business. 

 

Sustainability has become a critical success factor for companies to ensure long-term value creation. 

The Group recognises the importance and virtuous cycle of improvement of sustainability reporting. 

As an environmental protection specialist in proprietary energy saving and clean power technologies, 

we have been fulfilling the mission of “Shaping A Green Future” since the establishment of the Group 

in 1997. In 2016, GI was strategically earmarked as our value creator and growth driver as we sought 

to take full advantage of the enormous opportunities brought about by tough environmental policies 

targeted at cleaning up the air. Since then, we have focused on sustainably building up a sizeable and 

valuable GI portfolio that generates long-term, recurring and high quality income and cash flows 

supported by typically 30-year concession agreements. As at end-2018, we have successfully 

established a portfolio of seven GI projects in operation and have another five projects either under 

construction or at the design phase. Leveraging on our proprietary technologies, Sunpower’s GI plants 

are able to achieve ultra-low emissions that are comparable to that of natural gas but at lower costs.  




 

 

11 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



However, this is only the beginning. GI has enormous potential to grow further as demand is 

structurally driven by the mandatory closure of small “dirty” boilers, customers’ organic growth and 

continued relocation of new companies into industrial parks. We are well placed to realise this 

potential. 

 

As the environment continues to evolve, we believe in creating a work environment that protects our 

planet, and continuously invest in “green” technologies. We strive to reduce the impact of our 

operations on the environment and community and fulfill our social responsibilities. We believe that 

sustainability reporting can help us to better measure, understand and communicate our economic, 

environmental, social and governance performance, set goals, and more effectively manage change. 

By continuously addressing the impact of a wide range of sustainability issues, we continue to  manage 

our challenges and drive long-term growth while mitigating the environmental and social risks that 

might have a negative financial impact on our business. On behalf of the Group, I invite you to join us 

on this journey of business sustainability. 

 

Mr Guo Hongxin 

Founder and Executive Chairman 

 

 


 

 

12 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



Sustainability Approach 

We will continue to uphold the core values of quality, reliability, leadership, trust and respect, 

commitment and accountability, pragmatism, innovation, efficiency and harmony in the two business 

sectors of  Manufacturing &amp; Services (M&amp;S) and Green Investments (GI) to achieve the development 

of economy, society and environment. 

 

Our main focus is as such: 

- 

Conserve Environment by optimising consumption and management of energy and water; 

- 

Protect the rights, health and safety of stakeholders; 

- 

Create a fair, respected and comfortable development environment for employees and 

promote their growth; 

- 

Bring value to the community and promote community development; and 

- 

Encourage and promote sustainable development of partners. 

 

 

 


 

 

13 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Corporate Governance 

The Group has been listed in Singapore for more than 10 years and has established a very mature 

corporate governance system. The company is committed to establishing and maintaining stable 

partnerships with all shareholders, employees, partners, suppliers, customers, and government 

regulators to create a healthy win-win ecosystem.  

 

We believe that good corporate governance establishes and maintains an ethical environment within 

the Group, which serves the interests of all shareholders and stakeholders. We adhere to the 

principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code”), where 

appropriate, and has already committed to compliance with certain provisions of the 2018 Code, and 

will continue to keep pace with developments in corporate governance by improving its practices and 

operating frameworks. We are committed to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and 

have effective corporate practices to safeguard against fraud, with the aim of protecting shareholders’ 

interests as well as securing the long-term success of the Group. We place heavy emphasis on ethical 

business conduct on all employees and they are expected to conduct themselves in accordance with 

the expectations set out in the code of conduct. We will take a series of actions such as formal 

disciplinary proceedings in view of unethical conduct or malpractice in relation to corruption or fraud. 

This moral code will enhance our business relationships and our corporate social responsibility.  

 

We will continually do our utmost to ensure that our business operations and processes are managed 

in a way that minimised their impact on the environment. In line with our determination to commit 

to a high standard of corporate governance, we have established policies for issues such as Anti-

Corruption, Conflict of Interest, Insider Trading, Fraud and Whistleblowing. We have set a strong tone 

of zero tolerance towards dishonesty and corrupt practices. Whistleblowing channels are in place for 

employees and other persons to raise in confidence, whether anonymously or otherwise, concerns on 

any improprieties in financial reporting, fraud, corruption, bribery, and any non-compliance with laws 

and regulations without fear of reprisal. During the year, there were no legal cases regarding corrupt 

practices that were brought against the Group or our people. 

 

The Group engaged an external professional service firm, Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd (“Nexia TS”), 

to perform internal audit reviews and test of controls of critical processes, based on the internal audit 

plan which is approved by the Audit Committee (AC) before the commencement of work each year. 

Nexia TS has unfettered access to all the Group’s documents, records, properties and personnel, and 

have unrestricted access to the AC. 


 

 

14 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

In addition, Sunpower has engaged Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP as external auditors of the Group since its 

listing on SGX in 2005.  

 

The Board of Directors comprises the members listed below who are responsible for decision-making 

on economic, environmental, social, and governance topics. They have the appropriate core 

competencies and provide a diversity of experience to enable them to effectively contribute to the 

Group.  

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

Guo Hong Xin (Executive Chairman) 

Ma Ming (Executive Director) 

Jiang Ning (Lead Independent Director) 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce (Independent 

Director) 

Chin Sek Peng (Independent Director) 

Yang Zheng (Independent Director) 

Li Lei (Non-Executive Director) 

Liu Haifeng David (Non-Executive 

Director) 

 

 

 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

 

Chin Sek Peng (Chairman) 

Jiang Ning 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce 

Yang Zheng 

 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

 

Jiang Ning (Chairman) 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce 

Guo Hong Xin 

Chin Sek Peng 

Li Lei 

Liu Haifeng David 

Yang Zheng  

  

 

 

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 

 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce (Chairman) 

Jiang Ning 

Chin Sek Peng 

Li Lei 

Liu Haifeng David 

 


 

 

15 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

An important element in building up our sustainability model is to identify our diverse stakeholder 

groups based on their level of influence in our business.  

 

The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. The key stakeholders include but not limited to customers, suppliers, employees, 

investors and regulations.  

 

We have adopted both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of 

key stakeholders, and incorporate their feedbacks into our corporate strategies and execution plans 

to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  


 

 

16 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Investors 

/shareholders 

 

Annual meetings 

 

Board meetings 

 

Circular to shareholders 

 

Non-deal roadshows 

 

One-on-one meetings 

 

Group result briefing 

 

Informal communication and 

discussion 

 

Business growth 

 

Transparency 

 

Timely reporting 

 

Fair disclosure practices 

Government and 

Regulations 

 

Periodical follow up of legal 

regulations and standards, and 

regulatory norms 

 

Regular risk identification, analysis 

and evaluation, risk control and 

risk management training 

 

Internal and external audit to 

ensure compliance  

 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

 

Compliance with regulations 

 

Timely reporting and resolution 

of issues 

 

 

 

Customers 

 

 

Continuous R&amp;D innovation to 

develop environmental friendly 

and safe products/projects 

 

Carrying out design, production 

and construction in strict 

accordance with standards, norms 

and management systems 

 

Providing technical support and 

services to customers with the 

concept of benefit-oriented 

environmental protection, 

promote energy saving and 

emission reduction 

 

Superior quality of products and 

solutions  

 

Top notch customer service 

 

24x7 after-sales services 

 

Timely technical support  

 

 


 

 

17 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Employees 

 

Understand the employees’ career 

development direction  

 

Conduct pre-post and on-job 

training, and mentoring system 

 

Fair performance appraisal, and 

compensation benefit growth 

system 

 

Carrying out health examination 

for employees 

 

Improving safety awareness 

through implementation of 

occupational health and safety 

management system  

 

Develop rich and vibrant team 

bonding activities 

 

Staff right and welfare 

 

Personal development 

 

Health and safety 

Business Partners 

(Including 

Suppliers) 

 

Strict fulfilment of contractual 

obligations 

 

Enhance communication and 

relationship between partners 

 

Stringent administration of  Code 

of Conduct for Procurement 

Personnel 

 

Honesty and trustworthiness 

 

Stable cooperation 

 

Mutual benefit and win-win 

situation 

Local communities   

Implementation of environmental 

management system, and 

environmental credit evaluation  

 

Cleaner production which is 

energy-saving with reduced-

carbon emission  

 

Provide employment 

opportunities for the disabled in 

the community 

 

Actively participate in community 

activities 

 

Focus on public welfare and 

support education 

 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

 

Compliance with regulations 

 

Local support 

 

Care for the disabled  


 

 

18 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Competitors 

 

Abide by business ethics, anti-

bribery and fair competition 

 

Fair competition 

 

Common development 

Media  

 

Media releases 

 

Interviews  

 

Quarterly result briefings  

 

Timely responses and 

arrangements  

 

Transparency 

 

News published as scheduled 

Industry 

Associations  

 

Business partnerships  

 

Consultancy and academic 

supports 

 

Meet the baseline of the industry 

standards 

 

Attend seminars, workshops and 

panel and offer useful inputs  

 


 

 

19 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Material Topics 

Materiality analysis can help us gain a thorough knowledge of the topics that are of greatest interest 

to our stakeholders, so that our sustainability report can reveal the most relevant information at the 

most comprehensive granularity.  

 

Based on feedback gathered from our internal and external stakeholders, we have evaluated and 

identified factors which have significant economic, environmental, social and governance impacts, and 

are material to the organisation and stakeholders. Our priorities are reflected in the Materiality Matrix 

below.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Human resources 

Quality management 

Contribution to 

society 

Corporate governance and 

anti-corruption 

Customer  Health 

and safety 

Occupational health 

and safety 

Environmental compliance and operational and 

economic performance improvement 

Emissions 

Energy materials 

Economic performance  

 

Significance of economic, environmental, social, and governance impacts 

Materiality Matrix 



Influence on stakeholders assessments and decisions 


 

 

20 ABOUT SUNPOWER 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

The materiality assessment is endorsed by the management committee. We review our material 

topics every year in the light of fresh stakeholder feedback and our own business goals. A more 

detailed discussion on the material topics, including management approach, how we evaluate the 

management approach and the topic boundary limitations, if any, is provided in the respective 

chapters of this report. 

 

No. 

Topic 

Commitments  

1 

Environmental compliance 

and operational and 

economic performance 

improvement  

 

Continue to provide diverse environmental protection 

products and solutions to fulfill environmental 

compliance, whilst, improving the operational and 

economic performance and efficiency 

2 

Economic performance  

 

Proven track record in delivering solid result and 

remained focused on business development  

3 

Emissions 

 

Make continuous contributions to China’s green 

mission,capitalizing on Sunpower’s expertise and core 

technology  

4 

Quality management 

 

Review periodically and apply national and international 

quality management system 

 

Pass management system re-certification audit 

 

Meet and exceed customer’s expectation 

5 

Customer health and 

safety 

 

Deliveries of superior quality of products 

 

On-site techonology support and customer service 

 

Continue to perform customer satisfaction survey  

6 

Energy materials 

 

Enhance guidelines on energy, resources and materials 

conservation measures 

 

Non-conflict minerals policy 

7 

Occupational health and 

safety 

 

Remain focused on operating in a safe and healthy 

manner 

 

Secure working environment and staff benefits  

8 

Corporate governance and 

anti-corruption 

 

Stay abreast of development on code of corporate 

governance 

 

Continue to uphold good corporate practice 

9 

Human resources  

 

Talents retaining and recruitment  

 

Continue to perform survey to engage staff on various 

needs of training 

 

Continue to ensure gender equality and prohibit gender 

discrimination in employment 

10 

Contribution to society 

 

Continue to provide contributions to society and 

community 


 

 

21 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

EEM 

Increasingly serious climate change and environmental pollution is one of the most serious crisis 

facing the world today. As a leading enterprise in this industry, we vigorously develop circular 

economy, and strengthen environmental protection in all aspects of production and operation. 

Through continuous development of management and technological innovation, we achieve 

sustainable production by reducing resource consumption and pollutant emissions, which results in a 

greener production. We constantly promote environmental protection, and are committed to 

reducing pollutant emissions, as well as lowering consumption of electricity and water through our 

expertise and extensive experience.  

 




 

 

22 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Organization Structure of Emergency 

Management 

 Committee 

 

We have established an independent environmental management team to collect and analyse 

environmental management data regularly in order to constantly improve our  environmental 

management. On top of that, a company-level emergency management committee has been set up 

to further strengthen environmental management, and also to facilitate in timely response in case of  

emergencies in order to avoid and reduce the losses caused by accidents. Regular occupational health, 

safety 

and 

environmental 

conferences 

are 

organised 

to 

provide 

a 

platform 

for 

companies/departments to share management experience and innovative practices. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The culture whereby everybody is involved in the participation of environmental management has 

been strongly advocated and deeply ingrained in our group. The environmental protection policy and 

objectives, as well as the management of environmental factors and decision-making of other 

important matters are carried out progressively in order to achieve everyone's participation. Together 

as a whole, sustainability activities are developed to ensure the health and safety of employees and 

other stakeholders, as well as to to prevent and reduce environmental pollution, such that the laws 

and regulations are adhered to. 

 

Production Safety and Environmental Target Management Policy has also been established, where 

each company is required to set the annual environmental management objectives according to the 

group's overall objectives each year. Based on the objectives, rewards and punishments will be 

administered accordingly. In order to achieve the annual environmental management objectives, 

relevant departments carry out monthly, quarterly and annual comprehensive inspection/evaluation.  



Occupational Health, Safety and 

Environment Conference 

 

Emergency

Management

Committee

Emergency

Rescue

Team

Security

Team

Medical

Rescure

Team

Logistics

Support

Team

Pollution

Control

Team


 

 

23 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 







Water 

Apart from normal daily water consumption by staff, water 

is also used in the purpose of hydrotest on products and 

pickling rinse in our manufacturing process. Saving water is 

imperative and having an effective water resource 

management system is essential. In order to effectively 

monitor and manage the water usage, we have set up an 

integrated 

management 

department 

and 

HSE 

management department at the company level, as well as 

an administrative department at  the group level. We have 

invested funds to install a water recycling system in the 

manufacturing plant, which effectively reduce the wastage 

of water resources.  

 

The wastewater collection, disposal and recovery system 

has been improved to ensure the effective operation of the 

environmental protection facilities, such as proper 

treatment of excess wastewater, effective collection of 

accidental spills and effective control of the PH level of the 

acid pickling wastewater by the acid pickling processing 

facility. Daily inspection is performed and real-time 

wastewater data can also be obtained by the relevant 

personnel via online, which facilitate us to respond to any 

emergency on a timely basis. Our total sewage disposal 

discharge has continued to maintain the third-level control 

standard of the “Integrated Wastewater Discharge 

Standard (GB8978-1996). 

1.58 (2018) 

per RMB10,000 turnover (ton/unit) 

 

 

WATER CONSUMPTION 

1.74 (2017) 

per RMB10,000 turnover (ton/unit) 

 

 9% 

 

 

DECREASE OF 


 

 

24 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 







Electricity 

Saving electrical energy is an act of reducing 

environmental pollution and a mean to achieve 

sustainable development. In order to eliminate the 

unnecessary wastage of electrical energy, we 

strongly advocate the iniaitive of shutting down all 

electrical equipments if not in use, and that all 

employees actively participate in the work of energy 

saving. 

 

For instance, switching off idle machineries and 

shutting down portion of the lights at areas which do 

not have any special requirements for lighting, 

implementation of interval lighting in office buildings 

and other places, as well as closing doors and 

windows when air conditioning is running are part of 

the practices which we reinforces on. From time to 

time, the relevant departments will inspect and 

evaluate if these energy-saving requirements have 

been met.  

 

 ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION 

81.2 (2018) 

per RMB10,000 turnover (KWH/unit) 

 

 

92.3 (2017) 

per RMB10,000 turnover (KWH/unit) 

 

 

DECREASE OF 

12% 

 

 


 

 

25 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Gas 

Exhaust gas emission has also been another 

critical area of environmental management 

which we focus on. Gas emission mainly comes 

from grinding dust, welding exhaust gas, painting 

exhaust gas and dust exhaust gas from 

sandblasting house. In recent years, the Ministry 

of Ecology and Environment has issued several 

new policies to alleviate the increasingly severe 

air pollution problem. In order to adhere to the 

relevant policies, several measures have been 

implemented to control the emission of exhaust 

gas and fugitive emission in the production 

process of the company, such as pulse-jet 

baghouses for dust collection and treatment. 

 

According to statistical and monitoring data, the 

exhaust gas of sandblasting house has met the 

discharge 

standards 

requirements of 

the 

Comprehensive 

Emission 

Standard 

of 

Air 

Pollutants (GB16297-1996). In order to control 

fugitive emissions in the workshop, mobile 

welding fume purifiers are used at welding 

stations to collect and treat welding exhaust, 

which effectively improve the discharge of 

fugitive emission in the workshop. 




 

 

26 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



Solid Waste 

The guiding philisophy and concept of the 3 Rs 

“Reduce, Reuse and Recycle” are adopted in our 

management of solid waste pollution. Majority of 

our solid waste pertain to waste steel plate, steel 

pipe production scrap, waste lubricant and its 

packaging barrel, waste paint barrel, waste paint 

residue, and general waste. We are committed to 

ensuring responsible waste disposal and conserving, 

reducing, 

recycling 

and 

reusing 

resources. 

Household waste collection centre and hazardous 

waste depot were established, and we performed 

regular supervision and inspection to ensure that 

solid waste disposal are lawful, compliant and 

reasonable. 

 

We are  constantly working internally to create a 

mindset of using less natural resources and recycling 

wherever possible. Waste steel plate and steel pipe 

production scraps are recycled and collected for re-

sale. Likewise, hazardous waste such as waste paint 

barrels, paint residue, waste lubricating oil and its 

packaging are entrusted to vendors qualified for 

hazardous waste treatment for disposal. Moving 

forward, we will continue to ensure that all solid 

waste are properly treated and not discharged 

inappropriately.  

 


 

 

27 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



EPC Sevices  

We apply proprietary technology to provide customers with 

comprehensive environmental solutions to achieve zero 

emissions 

and 

improve 

operational 

and 

economic 

performance in the cost- effective way. In our EPC segment, 

we provide a full range of environmental protection and 

energy saving solutions to diverse industries, helping 

hundreds of companies fufill environmental compliance, 

conserve energy and resources and improve operational and 

economic performance.  

 

We are specialised in all kinds of industrial waste gas treatment, especially complete turnkey 

engineering services such as flare gas combustion emission, recovery system design, equipment 

manufacturing, system installation, etc. We supply flare and flare gas recovery systems for a lot of 

well-known domestic and foreign customers, and are the only officially-appointed supplier of flare gas 

recovery systems for Shell in Asia. In addition, we have patented technologies for zeroliquid discharge 

(ZLD) and closed-cycle refrigeration, with integration of salt technology, multi-effect evaporation, 

crystallisation, selective salt recovery (SSR), low temperature energy (LTE) recycling and other 

advanced water treatment technologies. This optimises the entire water treatment processing cycle. 

We can also supply process packages and key equipment, and can undertake wastewater treatment 

projects through EPC, BT, BOT and other methods. 

 

Our EPC "Project Construction Organization Plan" streamline towards green construction and 

environmental protection, such as emphasising on civilised construction, and implementation of 

environmental protection responsibility through dust control on construction site, and reuse of 

construction wastewater after treatment. Furthermore, we strengthen the concept of energy 

conservation and environmental protection by cultivating employees' awareness of environmental 

protection and advocating a low-carbon lifestyle. We are committed to minimising our environmental 

impact and to build a sustainable future by providing customers with comprehensive environmental 

solutions. 

Signing Enterprise Framework 

Agreement with Shell 


 

 

28 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

No. 

Solutions 

Details  

1 

Flare &amp; Flare Gas 

Recovery System 

火炬和火炬气回收系统 

 

An industry leader in Flare and Flare Gas Recovery Systems, 

which are used to recover petrochemical by-products from 

flare or waste gas; 

 

Sunpower provides flare and flare gas recovery EPC solutions 

and uses this system to reduce pollutant discharge into the 

atmosphere, lowering costs for customers. 

2 

High Salinity Wastewater 

System (ZLD)  

高含盐污水零排放系统 

 

Used to recycle water and recover salt from waste water with 

high salinity and catalyst concentration; 

 

Help customers meet zero emission requirements with less 

capital outlay and lower operating expenses incurred. 

3 

Desulphurization &amp; 

Denitrification System 

脱硫脱硝系统 

 

Provide comprehensive Desulphurisation and Denitrification 

EPC solutions in the smog governance sector to customers in 

order to meet stringent emission standards set by the Chinese 

government. 

4 

Petrochemical 

Engineering 石化工程 

 

Primarily includes providing EPC services of sulfur recovery, 

skidmounted equipment and formaldehyde devices; 

 

In the sector of Energy Saving Systems, Sunpower mainly 

offers solutions of waste heat recovery and pipeline energy 

saving engineering. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

` 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current EPC Projects in China 



Sunpower HQ 






















 

 

29 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Green Investment  (“GI”) Business 

China is undergoing sweeping changes in the field of environmental protection as the green 

agenda is taking centre stage in the country’s long-term vision and development plans. 

Sunpower’s GI business, a natural extension of the Group’s core M&amp;S business, is poised to ride 

this wave. GI is mainly focused on the investment and operation of centralised steam and 

electricity cogeneration plants, leveraging its proprietary technologies, management expertise 

and first-mover advantage. Our strategy is three-pronged – (1) invest in and construct greenfield 

plants, (2) acquire brownfield projects and upgrade them to improve the operating efficiency, and 

(3) sell steam generated by third-party plants but distributed using our own long-distance steam 

distribution pipelines. 

 

As an environmental protection specialist, Sunpower is a first mover in the industry and provides 

sustainable solutions for the smog governance of China to combat air pollution. The cutting-edge 

proprietary environmental protection technologies that we use in our GI projects are able to 

reduce emissions to below government standards and even below natural gas. 

 

Emission Limit 

( mg/m3)

 

New National 

Standard for 

New Build Coal-

fired Boilers

(1) 

New National 

Standard for 

Coal-fired 

Power Boilers   

New National 

Standard for 

Coal-fired Power 

Plants in Key 

Areas

 (2) 

New National 

Standard for 

Natural Gas  

Sunpower’s 

Capability   

Dust 

50 

30 

20 

5 

&lt;5 

Sulphur Dioxide, 

SO2 

300 

100 

50 

35 

&lt;35 

Nitrogen Oxide, 

NOx 

300 

100 

100 

50 

&lt;50 

(1) Standard applies to coal-fired power-generating boilers with a unit capacity of 65 tons/hour (t/h) or below 

(2) Key Area refers to Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta of China 

Source: Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers enacted by Ministry of Environmental Protection of PRC. 


 

 

30 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



Water  is the main raw material used to produce steam, and we supply the steam through our 

proprietary long distance steam distribution pipelines. With the circular economy model being 

adopted in our Changrun Project, our reclaimed water consumption accounts for over 75% of total 

industrial water consumption. We also utilise waste heat power generation technology to convert 

central heating boiler’s heat energy into electricity, which is not only energy-saving, but also 

conducive to environmental protection. Our aim of "Cogeneration of Heat and Power, Energy Saving 

and Consumption Reduction, Green Environmental Protection and Cleaner Production" was achieved 

through our Changrun Project and other cogeneration plants. Sunpower is on target to invest 

approximately RMB2.5 billion in equity in GI projects by 2021 to build up a sizeable GI portfolio. Along 

the way, we hope to make greater contributions to China’s green mission and help to create clean air 

for people to breathe.   

 

In the economically active areas such as Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and Yangtze River Delta, we actively 

assist the “Blue Sky” Initiative by providing steam for the surrounding industrial enterprises through 

the “centrallised steam facility” and long-distance steam distribution pipeline network. In 2018, we 

have seven projects (Changrun Project, Xinyuan Plant, Xintai Zhengda Plant, Lianshui Project, Quanjiao 

Project, Yongxing Plant and Jining Project) in operation and another five projects either under 

construction or at the design phase. These projects, equipped with our core environmental protection 

and energy-saving technologies and equipment, have already reduced thousands of tons of dust, SO2 

and NOx  every year, contributing greatly to China’s Blue Sky War.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

31 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Projects in Operation 

 

 

 








 

 

32 ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Projects under Construction 

 

 

Projects to be Constructed  

 

 

The Related Environment Protection Policies That Benefit Sunpower:  

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

33 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) 

As a reputable services provider in the energy-saving 

environmental protection business, it is important to us that 

occupational health and safety is stringently managed. We 

believe that sustainability in this aspect will ensure our continued 

growth, and we remain focused on operating in a safe and 

healthy manner while still creating value.  

 

By effectively and proactively managing work-related hazards, 

we minimise health and safety-related incidents wherever we 

operate to protect our workforce including staff of our 

contractors. We also place great importance on safety education 

and training in order to increase staff awareness. In recent years, 

there has been no occurrence of fatal accidents and injuries.  

 

We have established a rigorous health and safety committee and 

programs across our operations. We recognise our responsibility 

in ensuring that all workers and contractors are competent and 

equipped to work in the safest way possible. Many of our plants 

are in developing economies and it is often a challenge to build a 

local workforce that is attuned to our global health and safety 

standards.  

 

We manage and successfully pass the new management system 

re-certification audit for the OHSAS 1800:2007 Occupational 

Health and Safety Management Certification, which is an 

international standard that provides a framework to identify, 

control and decrease the risks associated with health and safety 

within the workplace. 

 

 


 

 

34 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



Internal Stakeholder OHS 

The occupational health and safety of employees 

is of our upmost importance, and all workplaces 

are set up according to the requirements of laws 

and regulations. On top of that, we also provide 

safety gear (safety clothing, hats, shoes, gloves, 

noise-proof earplugs, dust masks and anti-virus 

masks) and ensure that employees wear them 

correctly to protect their safety and prevent 

occupational hazards. Regular safety inspections 

are also conducted to improve the level of safety 

production. 

 

Safety Production Month was held in June 2018 – 

In which a variety of activities (i.e. on-site 

knowledge competition) were held to raise the 

awareness of occupuational health knowledge. 

This coincided with World Environment Day, 

where we encouraged awareness and action for 

the protection of our environment .  

 

In addition, we improve the competency of our 

employees and cultivate good health and safety 

practices through proper training and effectively 

communicating health and safety matters to all 

employees. Also, all employees are required to 

undergo regular pre-job, post-job and post-

departure medical examinations. 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

35 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

External Stakeholder OHS 

In the development of our new products, we take health 

and safety aspects into account from the beginning. We 

closely monitor and comply with current standards and 

guidelines such as ISO9001:2008 Quality System 

Authentication, ISO14001:2004 Environmental System 

Authentication, 

OHSAS18001:1999 

HSE 

System 

Authentication etc. We are also working to continuously 

improve the safety of our products throughout their 

entire life cycles, including the periods in which our 

products are installed or maintained.  

 

All external stakeholders or visitors are required to 

register in the HSE log book, and receive appropriate on-

site HSE training before entering our manufacturing 

plant or project site. It is also forbidden to undertake 

projects with external stakeholders that do not have any 

occupational health and safety production measures or 

corresponding qualifications.  

 

We are committed to ensuring that any related external 

stakeholders are safe and healthy. Policies and practices 

have been implemented throughout our operations to  

measure our products and solutions’ health and safety 

performances, as well as demonstrate progress and 

identify areas for improvement. In doing so, we set 

uniform 

standards 

that 

ensure 

product 

safety 

throughout their life cycles. During FY 2018, there were 

no cases of non-compliance with regulations that 

resulted in fines, penalty or resulting in warning. 

 

 




 

 

36 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 











7%

50%

43%

Our People 

Our people are essential to Sunpower’s success. We 

work to maintain a productive and healthy 

organisation by employing and developing talented 

people, continually strengthening our leadership, 

and enhancing employee performance by fostering 

strong engagement. 

 

 With our aim of becoming an outstanding people-

centric company, we have been improving our 

organisational effectiveness and simplifying our 

communication channels across all levels and 

between business units. The Group has a review-

and-feedback process in place, which has proven 

useful in understanding our employees’ concerns 

and addressing their issues.  Sunpower values 

talents as one of the most important factors in 

developing long-lasting benefits for the Group.  

 

We strictly adhere to relevant national conventions, 

local laws and regulations, and promote gender 

equality in employment. In addition, we strictly 

comply with related laws and regulations involving 

child labor and do not recruit underage employees 

in any companies of the Group.  

 

Employee profile by gender 

Gender  

FY2018 

FY 2017 

Male 

2280 

1,656 

Female 

684 

494 

Total 

2964 

2,150 

EMPLOYEES 

2,964 on average 

 

 23% female 

Post-graduate 

Degree 

Bachelor Degree 

Others 


 

 

37 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Employee profile by age 

Age  

FY2018 

FY 2017 

Below 25 years 

254 

178 

25 to 34 years 

1142 

913 

35 to 44 years 

854 

569 

45 to 54 years 

590 

403 

55 years and above 

124 

87 

Total  

2964 

2,150 

 

Employee profile by job function 

Function 

FY2018 

FY 2017 

Management and 

Supervisory 

1217 

916 

Research and 

Development 

Personnel 

416 

306 

General Worker 

1331 

928 

Total 

2964 

2,150 

 

Administrative employees’ profile by academic qualification*  

Qualification 

FY2018 

FY 2017 

Post-graduate degree 

119 

100 

Bachelor degree 

817 

565 

Others 

697 

559 

Total 

1633 

1,224 

*Including Research &amp; Development personnel 

 


 

 

38 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 







Training and Education 

At Sunpower, we are committed to our emloyees. 

We believe in ensuring that our employees are 

adequately trained and continuously kept abreast 

of updates in the technical standards that affect 

their work throughout the various industries. 

With the implementation of the mentor system, 

every new employee will be allocated a mentor to 

help them familiarise themselves with the 

working environment, corporate culture and 

teach their job skills. Subsequently, we encourage 

and enable all employees to pursue professional 

development opportunities. In FY 2018, we 

provided an average of 21 hours of training for 

each of our employees. We focused on growing 

their leadership capabilities, improving their skills 

in technical, safety and commercial areas, and 

increasing their expertise in specialized areas. 

Please refer to the table below for the relevant 

data pertaining to training provided to our 

employees. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









722 Internal 408 External 

Number of Training Sessions 

Number of Attendees 

10,989 

Actual Training Hours 

56,512 


 

 

39 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



Through organisational needs analysis, the 

company has divided staff training into three 

levels of improvement - leadership, professional 

ability, frontline quality - implemented through a 

variety of training projects. A survey of staff 

engagement is carried out every year. The survey 

results show that the proportion of dedicated 

employees in Sunpower is relatively high. 

 

New employee training: Enhance their sense of 

belonging and integrate well into corporate 

culture. Conduct new graduates’ training and 

apprenticeship ceremony. 

 

Promotion of professional ability: Attention to 

professional 

skills 

to 

enhance 

core 

competitiveness. Conduct a series of special 

training, such as project development, efficient 

heat transfer technology, procurement contracts’ 

risk management, training in legal knowledge, 

design and fire safety knowledge. 

 

Improvement of first-line staff quality: Pay close 

attention to the first-line grassroots team and 

consolidate their fundamental strength. Conduct 

first-line team leader training camps and 

operational skills training. 

 

Promotion of leadership: Nurture excellent 

teamwork to build the backbone of the 

management 

team. 

Conduct 

leadership 

improvement programs through focused learning, 

Harvard online learning and continuous learning. 






 

 

40 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 















Corporate Culture 

Over the past 20 years, we constantly strive to create a model 

of corporate culture that combines the traditional doctrine of 

Confucianism with modern management approach. We believe 

in a harmonious environment where everyone works hand-in-

hand and move forward together as one to build a sustainable 

working environment. The mentee-mentor philiosphy is 

strongly advocated, and through innovation and integration of 

mentoring ideas into modern management practice, we strive 

to create the interpersonal relationship and cultural 

atmosphere of helping and teaching. By providing directions 

and guidance through a wide array of career development 

programs, we support our employees in their career 

advancement to achieve their personal goals. Our employees’ 

professionalism, management ability and  professional 

competence is our upmost concern, which we help to develop 

through the establishment of Sunpower School of Management 

as well as organising various innovative workshops.  

 

We pursue a pragmatic, innovative, efficient and harmonious 

corporate culture. Employees come to know and understand 

the company’s entrepreneurism through cultural propaganda 

(knowledge), cultural identity (trust) and cultural practice 

(conduct), which gradually become universal beliefs expressed 

in their daily actions. 

 

It is our calling to give back to the society and contribute 

positively to the community. We strongly support the 

government in education, employment, poverty relief, as well 

as assisting the disabled to integrate into the society. Our 

contributions have been recognised by charity organisations 

and government bodies. In the course of time, we will continue 

to instill and bring about a positive impact to our humanity.  



Pragmatic 

务实 



Innovative 

创新 



Efficient 

高效 



Harmonious 

和谐 


 

 

41 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

Team Bonding 

Team building activities provide employees to 

work together more effectively. It allows staff to 

see that everyone has different skills and 

approaches to a problem. This knowledge is then 

transferable to the working environment, as 

individuals understand how to make best use of 

each other’s gifts and abilities. 

 

Improving productivity is one of the most 

common goals of team building activities.  

Enjoyable, fun activities enable our employees to 

get to know each other, create a better 

understanding of each other and break down 

walls of mistrust by encouraging people to focus 

on what they have in common rather than their 

differences.  

 

We regularly organise employee activities (such 

as mountaineering, calligraphy, fieldtrips, sports 

competiitions, etc), which further enhance our 

employees’ sense of belonging to the company. It 

is our commitment to pursue a pragmatic, 

innovative, efficient and harmonious corporate 

culture. 

Employees 

come 

to 

know 

and 

understand the company’s entrepreneurism 

through 

cultural 

propaganda 

(knowledge), 

cultural identity (trust) and cultural practice 

(conduct), which gradually become universal 

beliefs expressed in their daily actions. 

 

 

 












 

 

42 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





Contribution to Society  

We are committed to make positive contributions to 

the society, and have been doing so since 2004, where 

we took the initiative to accept a welfare enterprise 

which was on the verge of bankruptcy and provided 

work for 27 disabled workers. Through our continuous 

effort to help the needy, we have been providing 

assistance to families in difficulties within the region, 

as well as establishing scholarships in colleges and 

universities every year to help poor students with 

excellent academic performances.  

 

Donating blood is universally seen as a mark of 

civilisation and social progress. Since the founding of 

Sunpower Group, we have usually organised annual 

blood donation events to promote the morality of 

selflessly helping others.  

 

On April 14, 2010, a magnitude 7.1 earthquake 

occurred in Yushu County, Qinghai Province, causing 

heavy casualties and property losses. National 

Highway 214 and Provincial Highway 308 are the main 

passages into the Yushu disaster area. As some of the 

two road sections were damaged to varying degrees 

during the earthquake, 900 kilometers of the two 

roads were covered by permafrost. In July 2010, the 

company donated thermal piles worth RMB 3 million 

to the Yushu earthquake-stricken area for post-

disaster road reconstruction. 




 

 

43 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 



SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT  

Supply Chain Management 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain by setting 

clear standards for our business supply partners. We integrate 

sustainability criteria into our supplier selection, monitoring risks in the 

priority areas of our supply chain and working with suppliers to drive 

social and environmental change, all the while prioritising areas that 

are most relevant to our business. We strive to source responsibly, 

selecting supplier partners who meet high standards in areas such as 

ethical conduct, food and workplace standards, and environmental 

compliance. By improving the oversight of our supply chain, we can 

identify opportunities to streamline and reduce costs, protect our 

reputation and the safety of our customers. 

 

 In the past 20 years, we have been working with all kinds of suppliers, 

learning and making progress together. We have long-term strategic 

partnerships with more than  500 suppliers in different countries such 

as China, United States, Japan, Germany, Sweden, United Kingdom, 

Finland and France. Our purchasing department is required to adhere 

to our “Code of Conduct for Puchasing Personnel”, and ensure that 

decisions made are in good faith without any partiality. 

 

 In order to ensure that the products and services provided by our 

suppliers meet the legal regulations of environmental, occupational 

health and safety standards, we have included the requirements for 

environmental, occupational health and safety management system as 

well as other relevant certifications to be part of our supplier 

evaluation. Furthermore, it is also clearly defined in our contracts with 

all suppliers, stating that all relevant national regulations on 

occupational health, safety and environmental protection are to be 

strictly abided by. In order to build a low carbon and “green” supply 

chain, any supplier that fails to meet the requirements will be removed.  

 


 

 

44 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 







Quality Management  

Quality management plays a crucial role in our growth and 

performance. Since our incorporation, we have always 

placed great emphasis on quality and considered quality 

management to be an integral part of our business 

operations. 

We 

continuously 

improve 

our 

quality 

management system in strict adherence to ISO9000 

standards, ensuring clear processes and (communication) 

structures, tasks and responsibilities throughout the entire 

organisation.  

 

Innovative Patents 

We have developed a full range of advanced technologies 

that form an integral part of our products and service 

offerings in the EEM and EPC segments over the past 20 years, 

giving us an unrivalled competitive advantage.  

As of December 2018, we have obtained a total of 146 

patents, including 90 utility model patents and 56 invention 

patents. In 2018, we received 19 new patents, including 11 

utility model patents and 8 invention patents. Furthermore, 

we came up with 16 independent innovative products, such 

as LNG gasification (IFV), heat pipe research and 

development, heat insulation and cold preservation for pipes, 

zero liquid discharge system (ZLD) for high salinity 

wastewater, and engineering materials control system based 

on high-availability load balancing distributed database 

cluster.  

Notably, we have been awarded the Environmental 

Protection Excellence Award for our ZLD system, which has 

assisted many customers to achieve near-zero emission with 

lower capital outlays. This award affirmed our outstanding 

achievements and contributions in energy-saving and 

environmental protection.  




 

 

45 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 





Economic Performance 

A company’s financial capital and market 

performance depend on its ability to create a 

competitive edge and generate tangible value 

for its shareholders, customers, employees 

and society. Sustaining healthy profits also 

relies on intangible assets such as professional 

management, 

extensive 

experience, 

leadership quality, organisational excellence, 

brand equity, environmental management and 

human capital.  

 

2018 was a year of rapid growth for 

Sunpower.Driven 

by 

GI’s 

stronger-than-

expected expansion, the Group achieved 

record growth in top and bottom line: revenue 

rose 66.0% YoY to a record RMB3,262.9 million, 

and EBITDA grew by 113.5% YoY to RMB496.0 

million, resulting in underlying net profit 

increasing 87.1% YoY to RMB267.8 million. 

Underlying operating cash flow was RMB224.6 

million, 2.6x higher than 2017.  

 

Although GI is in the early stage of 

development and still ramping up, GI revenue 

and EBITDA totalled RMB736.8 million and 

RMB276.3million respectively, up 384.4% and 

303.7% YoY, and accounted for 22.6% and 

55.7% of the Group’s revenue and EBITDA, 

respectively. GI projects recorded operating 

cash flows of RMB211.7 million in FY2018, 

benefiting from strong tariff collection due to 

the ability to require prepayments from 

customers. Our GI strategy has successfully 

 



 (1) Underlying net profit is the true operating performance of the Group, after adjusting net profit attributable 

to shareholders (including effects of CB) for amortised interest expenses and fair value gains or losses 

associated with the Convertible Bonds (CB), as well as foreign exchange gains or losses. 




 

 

46 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

driven Sunpower into a longterm, recurring, 

high-quality income and cashflow company.  

 

Our M&amp;S segment also achieved record 

revenue of RMB2.5 billion in 2018, up 39% YoY, 

with margins and positive cashflow sustained 

despite 

the 

mixed 

macroeconomic 

environment. Orders on hand amounted to 

RMB2.5 billion in February 2019, up from 

RMB1.9 billion in February 2018. Sunpower 

has a proven track record spanning over 22  

years in delivering quality products to 

approximately 1,500 customers in over 15 

industries across 30 countries. With its 

established market reputation and leadership 

in the industry, 70% of Sunpower’s customers 

are 

repeat 

customers. 

Our 

reputable 

customers comprise notable global names that 

include BASF, BP, Shell, CNOOC, CNPC and 

SINOPEC, among others.   

 

In addition, M&amp;S segment also supports the 

rapid and sustainable expansion of GI as a 

foundation business with its proprietary 

integrated technologies, project management 

expertise and decades of experience, creating 

a synergistic business model that is structured 

to maximise returns for the Group. 

 

 

 

Underlying operating cash fllow, excluding CB interest of RMB17.4 million. 

 

(1)Segment results reflect the operating income of each business segment of the Group, before interest, tax and 

unallocated corporate expenses as well as fair value change and foreign exchange gains or losses for the 

convertible bonds and warrants. 












 

 

47 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 







Customer Satisfaction  

Customer satisfaction is mostly driven by the quality and 

reliability of products and services that we provide. Customer 

feedback is a vital avenue for us to understand the needs of our 

key stakeholders. Through this feedback, we learn about areas 

for improvement, which leads to streamlining of internal work 

processes, change of guidelines and enhancements to deliver a 

superior level of service. Customer fair dealings are basic 

business principles upheld at all times. Feedback, in the form of 

complaints, compliments or suggestions, can come from 

customers and non-customers. 

 

 We ensure that complaints from customers and any other 

stakeholders are dealt with professionally, fairly, promptly and 

diligently; and that decisions are clearly communicated to 

customers. We are committed to exceeding customer 

expectations and complying with all applicable laws, as well as 

continually improving our performance.  

 

In 2018, we conducted a customer survey and acheieved 94.85% 

customer satisfaction index (CSI), exceeding our initial targeted 

satisfaction score of 92%. The survey included criteria such as 

performance, price, service, delivery and brand. On top of that, 

we received strong support and unanimous praise for our 

products, and have been evaluated as strategic supplier by 

several customers.  

 

In 2018, we have no fines for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations concerning the provision and use of products and 

services.  

Customer Satisfaction Index 

94.85%  


 

 

48 ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

Sustainability has become a critical factor for companies to ensure successful long-term value creation. 

Our Group recognises the importance of creating a virtuous cycle of continuously improving 

sustainability reporting.  We hereby proudly present our first Sustainability Report which discusses the 

challenges and material issues that are important to our stakeholders, our strategy in managing these 

challenges and issues, and how we have performed in terms of our Key Performance Indicators.  

 

We have adopted a formalised reporting approach to prepare our first sustainability report. We applied 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the internationally-known reporting framework, 

specifically Core Options, the latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards 

Board and based on SGX-ST Listing Rules – Sustainability Reporting Guide when prepare this report. 

 

Information presented in the report has been extracted from primarily internal records and documents 

to ensure accuracy using internationally accepted measurement data units. 

 

Reporting Boundaries &amp; Standards 

This Sustainability Report covers the company’s 

strategies, initiatives and performance in relation to 

Environmental, Social and Governance issues. All 

data, statistics and improvement targets are in 

relation to the Group’s operations in China. 

Report Period and Scope 

This report covers the Group’s operations in China 

for financial year from 1 January 2018 to 31 

December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback 

We are fully committed to listening to our 

stakeholders and we welcome feedback on this 

report and any aspect of our sustainability 

performance. Please address all feedback to 

ir@sunpower.com.cn 


 

 

49 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

3 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

3 

102-4 Location of operations 

3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

3 

102-6 Markets served 

4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

3, 5, 28, 31, 32 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

36, 37 

102-9 Supply chain 

 

43 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

NIL 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

N/A 

102-12 External initiatives  

N/A 

102-13 Membership of associations 

11 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

10, 11 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

NIL 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

14 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

16, 17, 18 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

NIL 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

16, 17, 18 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

15, 16, 17, 18 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

19, 20 


 

 

50 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2018 – Corporate 

Structure 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

48 

102-47 List of material topics 

19, 20 

102-48 Restatements of information 

NIL 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A 

102-50 Reporting period 

48 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report released on 

21 Dec 2018 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

48 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

48 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

48 

102-55 GRI content index 

49 

102-56 External assurance 

We have not sought external 

assurance for FY2018 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

21-47 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

21-47 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

21-47 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

45, 46, 

Annua Report 2018 – 

Consolidated Statement of Proft 

or Loss and Other Comprehensive 

Income 

205-1 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

13, 14 

302-1 Energy consumed within the organisation 

24 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

24 

303-1 Water withdrawal by source 

23 

303-3 Water recycled and reused 

23 

305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other 

significant air emissions 

29 


 

 

51 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management 

– worker health and safety committees 

33 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

38 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

38, 39 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

36, 37 

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken 

36, 37 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services 

33, 34, 35 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



