
 

 

 

 




CONTENTS 

ABOUT SUNPOWER ....................................................................................................... 1 

Organisation Profile ............................................................................................................................ 1 

Our Honours and Awards .................................................................................................................... 2 

Membership of Associations ............................................................................................................... 2 

Historical Timeline .............................................................................................................................. 3 

Stakeholders’ Message ....................................................................................................................... 4 

Sustainability Approach ...................................................................................................................... 7 

Corporate Governance ........................................................................................................................ 8 

Stakeholder Engagement .................................................................................................................. 11 

Material Topics ................................................................................................................................. 15 

ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................................... 19 

Green Investment Business .............................................................................................................. 19 

Green Lifestyle and Working ............................................................................................................. 24 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .............................................................................................. 26 

Internal Occupational Health and Safety Management ................................................................... 26 

External Occupational Health and Safety Management ................................................................... 30 

Our People ........................................................................................................................................ 31 

Contribution to Society ..................................................................................................................... 33 

Training and Education ..................................................................................................................... 35 

Corporate Culture ............................................................................................................................. 36 

Team Building ................................................................................................................................... 38 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 39 

Supply Chain Management ............................................................................................................... 39 

Quality Management ........................................................................................................................ 40 

Innovation and Technologies ............................................................................................................ 41 

Economic Performance ..................................................................................................................... 43 

Customer Satisfaction ....................................................................................................................... 45 


 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT ................................................................................................... 46 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ................................................ 47 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

1 

 

Sustainability Report 

ABOUT SUNPOWER 

Organisational Profile 

Founded in 1997 and listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange in 2005, Sunpower Group Ltd. (SGX stock 

code: 5GD.SI) is an environmental protection specialist that provides energy saving and environmental 

protection solutions. Headquartered in Najing, It has two main businesses – Green Investments (GI) 

and Manufacturing and Services (M&amp;S). 

 

On 31 December 2020, the Group announced the proposed disposal of the entire M&amp;S business for 

the attractive consideration of RMB2.29 billion. On 16 April 2021, the disposal was approved by 

shareholders at a Special General Meeting, and it was further announced on 30 April 2021 that 

Tranche 1 conditions precedent including the completion of the registration in respect of the change 

of shareholders of Sunpower Technology by registering the Purchaser as the 100% shareholder of 

Sunpower Technology have been satisfied1.  

 

Following the completion of the disposal, Sunpower will focus its resources on developing the GI 

Business. As its value creator and growth driver, GI invests in and operates centralized facilities that 

supply industrial steam, electricity and heating. The GI Business has a proven ability to generate long-

term, recurring, high-quality income and cash flows through exclusive operating concessions of 

typically 30 years with first right of renewal.  

 

Within its portfolio, Sunpower has 11 GI projects, of which 9 are currently operational and is well on 

track to build a valuable and sizeable portfolio of GI projects that generate attractive double-digit 

Internal Rates of Return (“IRR”) and a high Net Present Value (“NPV”) of future cashflows.  

 

 

1 For details, please refer to the 30 April 2021 announcement titled The Proposed Disposal of the Entire Manufacturing and 

Services (M&amp;s) Business of the Company – Receipt of Escrow of Consideration, Amendment to the Letter of Undertaking and 

satisfaction of Tranche 1 Conditions. 


 

 

2 

 

Sustainability Report 

Our Honours and Awards 

 

 

\ 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Membership of Associations 

To advance its sustainability cause, Sunpower is a member of various industry bodies and civil society 

organisations. 

Name of Association 

Role or Position 

China Electric Power Promotion Council, Renewable Energy Generation 

Branch 

Member 

Shandong Province Electric Power Enterprise Association 

Member 

 

2020 

CHINA 

ENERGY 

GROUP TOP 500 LIST  

THE DELOITTE BEST 

MANAGED COMPANY 

AWARD IN CHINA 

2019 CHINA ENERGY 

GROUP TOP 500 LIST  

EY ENTREPRENEUR 

OF THE YEARTM CHINA 

 

JIANGSU PROVINCIAL 

WATER-CONSERVING 

ENTERPRISE 

CHINA RENOWNED 

TRADEMARK  

 

NATIONAL KAY PROTECTED 

BRAND  

 

MODEL ENTERPRISE FOR 

PROMOTION OF LOW-

CARBON ENVIRONMENTAL 

PROTECTION 



 



 


 

 

3 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

Historical Timeline 

 























     1997 

Date of incorporation. 

 

 1998 

Obtained first national 

patent and participated in 

the National West-to-East 

Gas Transmission Project. 

 

 2000 

Became a designated 

supplier of "three barrels 

of oil" in China and started 

supplying high-end 

equipment to BASF. 

 

     2003 

Developed low 

temperature heat rods for 

frozen soil solidification 

project to overcome the 

key difficulties of opening 

Qinghai-Tibet Railway in 

China. 

 

 

 2005 

Listed on the Singapore 

Stock Exchange (SGX-

ST). 

 

Promoted 

internationalisation 

strategies. 

 

 2006 

First China Standard 

Innovation Contribution 

Award. 

 

Constructed China's first 

zero liquid discharge 

device for high-

concentration saline 

wastewater (ZLD 

project). 

 

       2007 

Obtained first national 

patent and participated 

in the National West-

to-East Gas 

Transmission Project. 

 

Established an 

Engineering and 

Technology Research 

Centre of High-

efficiency Industrial 

Energy-saving 

Equipment in Jiangsu 

Province. 

 

      2008 

Signed a strategic 

cooperation agreement 

with the Chinese 

Academy of Sciences 

on Permafrost 

Engineering and 

established the Nanjing 

Permafrost Engineering 

Centre of the Chinese 

Academy of Sciences. 

  

 

 

Sinopec's strategic 

partner for export 

integration 

     2009 

Expanded global market 

footprint to more than 20 

countries. 

 

 2010 

The National Standard for 

Special Tubes for High 

Efficiency Heat 

Exchangers were formally 

issued and implemented. 

 

 2011 

The National Standards 

for Heat Rod and Coreless 

Heat Pipe were approved 

and promulgated. 

 

Breakthrough in the 

Middle East market with 

products exported to 

Saudi Arabia. 

 

 

  

     2012 

Recognised as a well-

known trademark in 

China. 

 

Signed Asia Regional 

Strategic Cooperation 

Agreement with 

Germany BASF. 

 

 2014 

Incorporation of 

American entity. 

 

Achieved the localisation 

of LNG gasifier 

equipment. 

 

Undertook the largest 

coal-to-olefin project in 

the world. 

 

     2015 

Established the Clean 

Energy segment to 

formally enter the Green 

Investments business. 

 

Guo Hong Xin, Chairman 

of Sunpower, was 

elected to the National 

Science and Technology 

Ministry's "Ten 

Thousands Plan". 

 

Formally became one of 

Shell’s s three global 

strategic suppliers of 

flare system Enterprise 

Framework Agreement 

(EFA) in Asia. 

 

  

     2016 

Guo Hong Xin was selected 

as the leader of the 

National Ten Thousand 

People Programme. 

 

Phased achievements in GI 

business and three major 

projects were put into 

construction. 

 

     2017 

CDH and DCP Capital 

completed US$110 million 

investment to help achieve 

development of GI 

business. 

 

Successful launch of first 

wave of GI projects, with 

four projects put into 

operation and five projects 

under construction. 

 

Shenhua Shaanxi Methanol 

Processing Project, 

contracted by Sunpower 

Environmental Protection 

Engineering Services 

General Contract, won the 

"National Quality 

Engineering Award". 

     2018 

CDH and DCP Capital 

completed two rounds of 

investment, totalling 

US$280 million. 

 

The M&amp;S segment 

exceeded RMB2 billion in 

on-hand orders. 

 

GI projects achieved scale, 

with seven operational 

projects and five projects 

under construction. 

 

Won first prize for 

scientific and technological 

progress from Sinopec. 

     2019 

Attained the inaugural 

Deloitte Best Managed 

Companies of China 

award. 

 

First ever entry into China 

Energy Group Top 500 

List. 

 

M&amp;A of Changshu Suyuan 

Thermal Power Co., Ltd. 

 

Eight socially-responsible 

GI investment projects in 

operation. 

















































































     2020 

Expanded GI portfolio 

with nine projects in 

operation. 

 

Shantou Project phase 1 

and part of Xintai 

Zhengda Project’s new 

facility moved from trial 

production to commercial 

operation phase. 

 

Construction started for 

two new GI projects, 

Tongshan Xuzhou Project 

and Shanxi Xinjiang 

Project. 

 

Announced its plans to 

divest its investment in 

the M&amp;S business at an 

attractive consideration 

on 31 December 2020. 

 

FY2020 revenue rose 

12.6% YoY to record 

RMB4,058.8 million 

while PATMI hits another 

record of RMB377.0 

million. 

 









     2021 

 

The Proposed Disposal 

of the M&amp;S business 

was approved by 

shareholders at the 

SGM held on 16 April 

2021. 

 

All Tranche 1 Conditions 

including the completion 

of the registration in 

respect of the change of 

shareholders 

of 

Sunpower 

Technology 

by 

registering 

the 

Purchaser as the 100% 

shareholder 

of 

Sunpower 

Technology 

have been satisfied as of 

30 April 2021. 


 

 

4 

 

Sustainability Report 

Stakeholders’ Message 

 

 

Dear stakeholders,  

 

On behalf of Sunpower Group and our entire global workforce, we are pleased to share our updated 

Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”), the fourth report 

since we first released our sustainability vision and plan. Despite the challenges of the pandemic, our 

business has remained healthy and reliable while our dedication to sustainable practices and 

environmental solutions continues to remain strong. Amidst difficult conditions brough about by the 

Covid-19 outbreak, the Company took prompt actions and applied a strict, scientific approach to 

prevent and control the pandemic throughout the year. As a result, there was zero Covid-19 infection 

within the whole Group during the year. With the effective management and control of the pandemic, 

the Company quickly resumed work and production and continued to achieve another record result 

in FY2020.   

 

We are proud of our focus on managing risk, maximising efficiency and ensuring that everyone in 

Sunpower’s ecosystem understands the importance of operating as a responsible citizen of the world. 

Sustainability has become the most important factor behind our motivation to create value. 

Sunpower’s executives at all levels carry the message in their respective divisions, departments and 

teams that sustainability is a responsibility that belongs to everyone, and everyone should continue 




 

 

5 

 

Sustainability Report 

to strive to do better to make the Company, customers, partners and communities sustainably 

stronger. 

 

In fact, sustainability has always been at the heart of Sunpower’s business. Since our founding in 1997, 

our mission as an environmental protection specialist providing energy saving and clean solutions has 

been “to help shape a green future”, well before climate change and climate improvement rose to the 

top of the global consciousness. Our GI business is actively involved in combating air pollution as our 

high-efficiency, ultra-low-emission GI facilities are able to replace many small “dirty” onsite coal-fired 

boilers and remove their harmful effects from the environment. Since the GI business started 

operations in 2017, Sunpower’s large portfolio of GI projects, of which nine are operational, has 

enabled the closure of more than 600 low-efficiency small boilers and reduced harmful emissions such 

as sulphur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxide (NOx) by approximately 60,000 tons annually.  

 

In 2020, we are pleased that GI continued to grow its contributions to the Group and to provide long-

term, recurring, high-quality income despite the pandemic. In FY2020, GI revenue rose 15.6% to 

RMB1,335.2 million while GI EBITDA grew 12.9% to RMB488.7 million. Group revenue rose 12.6% to 

RMB4,058.8 million and group EBITDA increased 13.0% to RMB798.2 million while group PATMI2 rose 

7.0% to RMB377.0 million and group underlying operating cashflow increased 17.3% to RMB535.4 

million.  

 

Following the proposed disposal of the M&amp;S business3, the sole principal business of the Group is GI 

business, which has enormous growth potential as demand is structurally driven by national clean air 

policies, mandatory location and/or relocation of factories into industrial parks equipped with GI 

plants like ours, and continuing organic growth of industrial parks and customers served by our GI 

plants. To run more sustainably, we upgraded and reformed the plants that we acquired, such as 

Yongxing Plant and Suyuan Plant, to be cleaner and more efficient. Also, we implemented special 

projects such as the sludge incineration process treatment programme at Changrun Project, which 

 

2 PATMI refers to the “Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company” in the audited Consolidated 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income excluding the financial effect of amortised interest expenses, 

fair value adjustments, foreign exchange gains or losses, and other costs associated with the Convertible Bonds and Warrants. 

3 Please refer to the 31 December 2020 announcement in relation to “The proposed disposal of the entire manufacturing 

and services (M&amp;S) business of the Company and the transaction IPTs; and the proposed amendments to the convertible 

bond purchase agreements”, and 31 March 2021 circular to shareholders in relation to “The proposed disposal of the entire 

manufacturing and services (M&amp;S) business of the Company as an interested person transaction and a major transaction and 

the transaction IPTs as interested person transactions; the proposed special dividend; the proposed amendments to the 

convertible bond purchase agreements; and the proposed adoption of the shareholders’ general mandate for interested 

person transactions”. 


 

 

6 

 

Sustainability Report 

uses sludge produced by adjacent sewage and wastewater treatment plants as a feedstock substitute, 

simultaneously preventing environmental pollution and lowering operating costs. In addition, we have 

implemented ultra-low emission measures to achieve the reduction of emission concentrations of 

sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and dust to below 35 mg/Nm3, 50 mg/Nm3 and 10 mg/Nm3 respectively, 

attaining the emission targets of gas-fired power plants under the national standard. Further, Xintai 

Zhengda Project in Shandong has implemented the practice of prioritising the use of urban reclaimed 

water from wastewater treatment plants, and other GI projects are preparing plans to follow suit. We 

will continue to intensify efforts to cultivate and enhance our existing GI projects with emphasis on 

the quality of development. 

 

As you read the rest of this report, we thank you for your interest in our company and taking this 

sustainability journey with us. Sunpower will continue to strengthen the implementation of our green 

development strategy to achieve our corporate objective of green and sustainable development and 

make our contributions to help achieve the country’s national objective of carbon neutrality. 

Sunpower will strive for the noble synergistic effects of sustainable economic development and 

reduction of pollution and carbon emissions to safeguard the common future and welfare of ourselves, 

our customers, our suppliers and most importantly, our children and future generations to come. 

 

 

The Board of Directors 


 

 

7 

 

Sustainability Report 



Sustainability Approach 

The Company always upholds the core values of quality, reliability, leadership, trust and respect, 

commitment and accountability, innovation, efficiency and harmony in its business to achieve the 

sustainable development of the economy, society and environment over the long run.  

 

The main areas of focus are: 

• 

Implement total environmental protection solutions and adopt the circular economy model 

in GI projects to achieve ultra-low emissions 

• 

Conserve the environment by optimising consumption and management of energy and water 

• 

Respect and protect the rights, health and safety of stakeholders 

• 

Create value for the community by promoting community development 

• 

Encourage and support the sustainable development of our partners by providing efficient 

and “green” solutions 

 

 


 

 

 

8 

 

Sustainability Report 

Corporate Governance 

The Group has been listed in Singapore since 2005 and has built an established corporate governance 

system. We are committed to establishing and maintaining stable partnerships with all shareholders, 

employees, partners, suppliers, customers and government to create a healthy and mutually 

beneficial ecosystem.  

 

We believe that good corporate governance establishes and maintains an ethical environment within 

the Group, which serves the interests of all shareholders and stakeholders. We have in place a set of 

self-regulating and monitoring mechanism, in accordance with the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and will continue to keep pace with 

developments in corporate governance to improve our practices and operating framework. We are 

committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and corporate practices to 

safeguard against fraud, with the aim of protecting shareholders’ interests as well as securing the long-

term success of the Group. We place heavy emphasis on ethical business conduct by all employees 

who are expected to conduct themselves in accordance with the expectations set out in the Group’s 

Code of Conduct. We will take actions such as formal disciplinary proceedings if there is any unethical 

conduct or malpractice in relation to corruption or fraud. This moral code enhances our business 

relationships and corporate social responsibility.  

 

We will continually do our utmost to ensure that business operations and processes are managed in 

a way that minimise their impact on the environment. In line with our commitment to a high standard 

of corporate governance, policies in relation to Anti-Corruption, Conflict of Interest, Insider Trading, 

Fraud and Whistleblowing, have been established. We have set a strong tone of zero tolerance 

towards dishonesty and corrupt practices. In FY2020, there were no cases of corruption brought 

against the Group or our employees. 

 

The Group has engaged an external professional service firm, Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd (“Nexia 

TS”), to perform internal audit reviews and evaluate critical processes, based on the internal audit 

plan approved by the Audit Committee (“AC”) before the commencement of work each year. In 

addition, Sunpower has engaged Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP as external auditors of the Group. Finally, the 

Group has established procedures to ensure that transactions with interested persons are reported 

on a timely manner to the AC and that the transactions are carried out on normal commercial terms 

and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders. 


 

 

 

9 

 

Sustainability Report 

The Board of Directors comprises the members listed below who are responsible for decision-making 

on economic, environmental, social and governance topics that are most pertinent to the Group. They 

have the appropriate core competencies and diversity of experience that enable them to effectively 

contribute to the Group. 

 

For further details on Corporate Governance, please refer to Sunpower’s 2020 Annual Report.     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

10 

 

Sustainability Report 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

Guo Hong Xin (Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director) 

Ma Ming (Executive Director) 

Yang Zheng (Lead Independent Director) 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce (Independent Director) 

Chin Sek Peng (Independent Director) 

Wang Dao Fu (Independent Director) 

Li Lei (Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director) 

Liu Haifeng David (Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director) 

 

 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

 

 

Chin Sek Peng (Chairman) 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce 

Yang Zheng 

 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

 

Wang Dao Fu (Chairman) 

Guo Hong Xin 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce 

Chin Sek Peng 

Li Lei 

Liu Haifeng David 

Yang Zheng  

 

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 

 

Lau Ping Sum Pearce (Chairman) 

Chin Sek Peng 

Li Lei 

Liu Haifeng David 

Wang Dao Fu 

 

 


 

 

 

11 

 

Sustainability Report 

Stakeholder Engagement 

An important element in building up our sustainability model is to identify our diverse stakeholder 

groups based on their level of influence in our business.  

 

The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also considered when formulating corporate 

strategies. The key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, 

investors and regulators.  

 

We have adopted both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of 

key stakeholders, and incorporate their feedback into our corporate strategies and execution plans to 

achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

 

Stakeholder

Investors &amp;

Shareholders

Government 

&amp; Regulators

Customers

Employees

Business 

Partners

Local 

communities 

Competitors

Media

Industry 

Associations 


 

 

 

12 

 

Sustainability Report 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Investors &amp; 

Shareholders 

- 

Annual general meetings 

- 

Shareholders’ circulars 

- 

Financial results briefings 

- 

Non-deal roadshows 

- 

One-on-one meetings 

- 

Group presentations 

- 

Communications and discussions 

- 

Business growth 

- 

Transparency 

- 

Timely reporting 

- 

Fair disclosure practices 

Government &amp; 

Regulations 

- 

Regular review of legal 

regulations &amp; standards, and 

regulatory norms 

- 

Regular risk identification, 

analysis and evaluation, risk 

control and risk management 

training 

- 

Internal and external audits to 

ensure compliance  

- 

Environmentally-friendly 

business approach 

- 

Compliance with regulations 

- 

Timely reporting and resolution 

of issues 

 

 

 

Customers 

 

- 

Continuous R&amp;D innovation to 

develop environmentally-friendly 

and safe products/projects 

- 

Execute design, production and 

construction in strict accordance 

with standards, norms and 

management systems 

- 

Provide technical support and 

services  

- 

Promote energy savings and 

emission reduction with the 

concept of benefit-oriented 

environmental protection 

- 

Superior-quality products and 

solutions  

- 

Top-notch customer service 

- 

24x7 after-sales services 

- 

Timely technical support  

 

 


 

 

 

13 

 

Sustainability Report 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Employees 

- 

Understand the employees’ 

career development direction  

- 

Conduct pre-post and on-job 

training, and mentoring system 

- 

Fair performance appraisal, and 

compensation benefit growth 

system 

- 

Carry out health examinations for 

employees 

- 

Improve safety awareness 

through implementation of 

occupational health and safety 

management system  

- 

Develop rich and vibrant team-

bonding activities 

- 

Staff rights and welfare 

- 

Personal development 

- 

Health and safety 

Business Partners 

(Incl. Suppliers) 

- 

Fulfill contractual obligations 

strictly 

- 

Enhance communication and 

relationship between partners 

- 

Administer strictly Code of 

Conduct for Procurement 

Personnel 

- 

Honesty and trustworthiness 

- 

Stable cooperation 

- 

Mutual benefit and win-win 

situation 

Local communities  

- 

Implement environmental 

management system, and 

environmental credit evaluation  

- 

Cleaner production that saves 

energy with reduced carbon 

emission  

- 

Participate actively in community 

activities 

- 

Focus on public welfare and 

support education 

- 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach 

- 

Compliance with regulations 

- 

Local support 

 


 

 

 

14 

 

Sustainability Report 

Stakeholder Group Engagement Activities 

Stakeholders’ Expectations 

Competitors 

- 

Abide by business ethics, anti-

bribery and fair competition 

policies 

- 

Fair competition 

- 

Common development 

Media  

- 

News releases 

- 

Interviews with management 

- 

Financial results briefings  

- 

Timely responses and 

arrangements  

- 

Transparency 

- 

News published as scheduled 

Industry 

Associations  

- 

Business partnerships  

- 

Consultancy and academic 

support 

- 

Meet industry standards and 

baselines 

- 

Attend seminars, workshops and 

panels, with useful inputs 

offered 


 

 

 

15 

 

Sustainability Report 

Material Topics 

Identifying the consequences and effects of our actions and incorporating our stakeholders’ concerns 

into our business strategy has been the basis of our sustainability management. Our materiality 

analysis is based on the four principles of sustainability, namely (1) economic, (2) environmental, (3) 

social and (4) governance. This framework helps us to gain a thorough identification of the topics that 

are of greatest interest to our stakeholders, so that our sustainability reporting can present the most 

relevant information.   

 

Based on feedback from our stakeholders, we have finetuned the scope of factors that are material to 

the organisation and stakeholders in 2020, as well as the manner in which we present them. Our 

priorities are reflected in the Materiality Matrix below and all of our material factors are ranked high 

in priority at a minimum.  

 

 




 

16 

 

Sustainability Report 

The materiality assessment is endorsed by the management committee. We review our material 

topics every year following feedback from stakeholders and adjustments in our own business goals. A 

more detailed discussion on the material topics, including management approach, how we evaluate 

the management approach and the topic boundary limitations, if any, is provided in the respective 

chapters of this report. 

 

No. 

Topic 

Commitments 

1 

Environmental compliance  - 

Build high-efficiency, ultra-low emission, centralised 

“Green 

Investment” 

projects 

that 

support 

the 

government’s drive to reduce air pollution and carbon 

emissions 

by 

eliminating 

high-emission, 

small, 

decentralised coal-fired boilers, thus helping to reduce 

environmental impact and to fight against climate change. 

- 

Adopt a circular economy zero-waste production model 

in which we use treated water and sludge from sewage 

treatment plants within industrial parks as feedstock, and 

convert our waste outputs into materials that are useable 

by other downstream industries in order to improve 

energy savings and reduce resource waste and pollution, 

whilst achieving ultra-low emissions for the industrial 

park. 

 

2 

Operational &amp; economic 

performance and 

improvement 

- 

Deliver a strong economic performance with the GI 

business on the back of an adaptable and reliable business 

model and a strong competitive edge. 

-     Further intensify efforts to cultivate and enhance existing 

GI projects with an emphasis on their quality of 

development, such as proceeding with the planned 

construction of the second phases of some existing 

projects; harnessing our experience and technology to 

upgrade and revamp certain GI projects where necessary 

in order to raise operational efficiency; and continue to 

execute comprehensive initiatives for further cost control 

and efficiency improvements, wherever possible. 

 


 

17 

 

Sustainability Report 

3 

Emissions 

- 

Continuously contribute towards bringing back blue 

skies to China and help fulfill China’s mission of protecting 

and restoring the ecological environment by capitalising 

on our management expertise, circular economy model, 

and innovative technologies.  

- 

Achieve ultra-low emissions through the four “zero 

emission” practices, namely (1) the use of energy-saving, 

environmental protection technology and long distance 

steam distribution pipeline technology to enable our own 

facilities to basically achieve the zero-emission standard 

that is comparable to natural gas; (2) the use of 

desulfurisation and denitrification technology to convert 

SO2 and NOX in flue gas into compound fertiliser products 

in order to achieve zero waste discharge; 3) the use of 

sludge drying and incineration technology to help local 

industrial parks to dispose of the untreated sludge, 

thereby helping the parks to achieve zero emission of 

waste; and (4) providing clean and green industrial steam 

to the enterprises within the industrial parks to help 

customers themselves achieve zero emissions.  

 

4 

Energy, water &amp; materials 

- 

Reduce energy, resources and materials consumption 

continuously through the active development and 

implementation 

of 

conservation 

measures 

and 

comprehensive 

utilisation 

of 

resources, 

such 

as 

implementing the sludge drying and incineration project 

to use waste sludge from sewage treatment plants as a 

substitute for the coal feedstock, thus reducing the use of 

feedstock as well as reducing the cost. In addition, the GI 

projects’ solid waste, such as fly ash, wet dregs and 

desulfurised gypsum, is also converted into raw materials 

used by fertilizer and building material factories to achieve 

the harmless reuse of waste. 

- 

Reduce water consumption and water contamination 

particularly through the use of recycled and treated water 

by ensuring the collection, disposal and recovery of waste 

water discharged from all activities, and preventing 

negative effects on local water sources. 

 

5 

Corporate governance and 

anti-corruption 

- 

Stay abreast of the latest developments in the relevant 

code of corporate governance, and educate and uphold 

good corporate governance practices across all levels of 

the organization. 

 


 

18 

 

Sustainability Report 

6 

Customer satisfaction 

- 

Achieve high levels of satisfaction and good reputation 

through delivering high-quality products to end-users that 

meet or exceed customer requirements and form a win-

win relationship with customers.  

 

7 

Quality management 

- 

Operate in accordance with regulations to ensure stable 

operation of facilities to produce quality products. 

- 

Meet or exceed customers’ expectations. 

 

8 

Occupational health and 

safety 

- 

Create a culture of health and safety that supports 

practices associated with the highest workplace standards 

and processes. 

- 

Strictly implement the occupational health and safety 

management both inside and outside the Company. 

 

9 

Human resources  

- 

Cultivate an engaged workforce by attracting, developing, 

and retaining talented and qualified employees, and 

subsequently providing meaningful work and attractive 

and fair compensation through competitive wages and 

benefits as well as job security for employees. 

- 

Implement 

enlightened 

HR 

policies 

that 

place 

importance on gathering staff feedback through trusted 

mechanisms on company practices; work to fulfil their 

training needs; and ensure gender equality and 

prohibition of gender discrimination in employment. 

 

10 

Contribution to 

communities &amp; society 

- 

Manage impacts and bring benefits to the communities 

where we operate; engage in dialogue with local 

communities and develop relationships with key 

community stakeholders; be accessible, transparent, and 

proactive in addressing concerns or grievances; and 

maintain feedback and grievance mechanisms. 

- 

Give back to society in the course of its development, and 

continuously make its investment in public welfare and 

social responsibility. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

19 

 

Sustainability Report 

ENVIRONMENT 

Green Investment Business 

 

 

Sunpower’s GI business invests in and operates centralised facilities that can provide “clean and green, 

ultra-low emission” industrial steam, electricity and heating. The GI business helps to improve energy 

savings, reduce air pollution, and enhance the infrastructure of the industrial parks where GI projects 

are located through the application of the circular economy model and advanced technology on 

environmental protection and energy conservation, delivering long-term economic, environmental 

and social benefits. 

 

As a major emitter of greenhouse gases, the energy industry shoulders significant responsibilities in 

conserving energy and reducing emissions. Therefore, Sunpower has undertaken major measures to 

mitigate the potential risks from climate change, including the revamping and transformation of plants, 

phasing out outdated production facilities and improving the clean production of plants.  

 

1. 

Use of Technology to Reduce Pollutive Emissions  




 

20 

 

Sustainability Report 

Sunpower helps to fulfill China’s mission of protecting and restoring the ecological environment. 

Sunpower capitalises on the Group’s management expertise, and employs circular economy model in  

certain projects, and most importantly, uses its innovative technologies, including energy-saving, 

environmental protection and long distance steam distribution technologies as well as the know-how 

to reform and upgrade acquired plants to (a) increase geographical reach to customers and achieve 

economies of scale, (b) reduce the use of feedstock, and (c) enable its own facilities to achieve the 

ultra-low emission standard that is lower than natural gas. As the facilities that support sustainable 

development of the economy, GI projects have helped eliminate more than 600 high energy 

consumption, pollutive coal-fired boilers, and reduced the emissions of dust, sulfur dioxide and 

nitrogen oxide by over 60,000 tons every year. 

 

Emission 

Limit 

(mg/m3) 

New National 

Standard for 

New Build 

Coal-fired 

Boilers (1) 

New National 

Standard for 

Coal-fired 

Power Boilers 

New National 

Standard for 

Coal-fired 

Power Plants 

in Key Areas (2) 

New 

National 

Standard for 

Natural Gas 

Sunpower’s 

Capability 

Dust 

50 

30 

20 

5 

&lt;5 

Sulfur Dioxide 

(SO2) 

300 

100 

50 

35 

&lt;35 

Nitrogen 

Oxide (NOX) 

300 

100 

100 

50 

&lt;50 

 

(1) Standard applies to coal-fired power-generating boilers with a unit capacity of 65 tons/hour (t/h) or below 

(2) Key Area refers to Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta of China 

Source: Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers enacted by Ministry of Ecology and Environment of PRC 

 

2. 

 Improve the Energy Efficiency 

Sunpower adheres to the Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China, and has 

established and implemented a supervision and management system for energy conservation and 

emissions reduction. Through a well-established science-based management system, we continually 

promote the use of new technologies, materials, processes and products and optimise the energy 

consumption structure. The members of Sunpower’s  management  spearhead the overall deployment 

of energy management work, and carry out supervision and assessment while the project companies 

set up the positions on energy management in the functional departments to perform the 

responsibilities of daily management and supervision. Sunpower formulates energy-saving work plans 

annually, which set clear, scientific, and reasonable energy management assessment goals based on 


 

21 

 

Sustainability Report 

the characteristics of the industry where 

Sunpower operates in and benchmarked against 

international and domestic standards. Sunpower 

breaks down the goals of the work plan to the 

levels of project companies, departments and 

teams and attains continued improvement of 

energy management performance through timely 

monitoring and data analysis. Each project 

company seeks to maximise the potential of the 

equipment, and enhances energy efficiency through technical and management measures such as unit 

transformation and capacity upgrade, small unit shutdown, energy saving and efficiency improvement 

of key equipment. The Flue Gas Drying Sludge and Comprehensive Utilisation Technical 

Transformation Project of Changrun Project uses waste heat of flue gas of boilers to dry sludge, 

achieving reduction, stabilisation and harmless treatment of sludge waste. In addition, Sunpower 

encourages the recycling and reuse of energy and resources in solid waste, while disposing and 

neutralising sludge safely and in an environmentally-friendly manner to achieve energy savings, a 

reduction in emissions and the development of a circular economy.  

 

3. 

 Actively Participate in Carbon Emissions Trading  

Carbon trading is a market mechanism used to promote reduction in global greenhouse gas emissions 

and global CO2 emissions, and is helpful towards promoting a transition to a green and low-carbon 

economy. Sunpower has commenced the drafting of the Sunpower Clean Energy Carbon Asset 

Management Standard in accordance with Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

accounting and reporting -  Power Generation Facilities and  Measures for the Administration of Carbon 

Emissions Trading (for Trial Implementation). This standard specifies that operating projects are 

required to carry out the work including inspection, verification and monitoring of carbon emissions 

as well as accounting, clearing, and trading of carbon quota.  

 

4. 

Training and Education in Environmental Protection 

Sunpower reinforces the awareness of energy saving and environmental protection concepts, and 

cultivates understanding of environmental protection among the employees of the respective project 

companies. At the same time, the project companies also independently provide training on 

environmental protection basics, environmental protection technical supervision, environmental 

protection management, etc., achieving full coverage of all aspects of environmental protection. In 

 




 

22 

 

Sustainability Report 

2020, there were a total of 4178 attendees for the EHS trainings in the Green Investments segment 

with training hour amounting to 13,000 hours. 

 

 

5. 

 Adhering to a Green Way of Production 

(1) Assist in the prevention and control of air pollution: in order to achieve the 2020 goal of the 

national Three-year Action Plan for Winning the Blue Sky War, Sunpower continues to strengthen 

the supervision and management of air pollution prevention and control in accordance with the 

requirements of Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, and 

adopts a series of measures such as using cleaner production technology and technological 

transformation to reduce emissions and harness potential benefits. In response to the national 

emission reduction plan on coal-fired power plants, Sunpower has implemented ultra-low 

emission transformation of projects in phases to achieve the reduction of emission 

concentrations of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and soot in ultra-low emission units to below 

35 mg/Nm3, 50 mg/Nm3 and 10 mg/Nm3 respectively, which attains the emission targets of gas-

fired power plants under the national standard. 

 

(2) Water pollution treatment and recycling of water resources: while striving to save water 

resources and reinforce recycling, Sunpower exercises strict control over the treatment and 

discharge of industrial wastewater in accordance with the Law of the People’s Republic of China 

on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and local emission standards. Water used for unit 

maintenance and washing of all kinds of mechanical equipment will be collected and treated for 

reuse; the treatment of wastewater from chemical cleaning and boiler shutdown protection 

follows the plan for liquid waste treatment developed in advance, ensuring all wastewater is 

discharged into the sewage treatment plant and treated for reuse. With respect to the recycling 

of water resources, in order to reduce using water sources from natural water bodies and 

groundwater, Sunpower’s GI projects give priority to the use of reclaimed water treated by 






 

23 

 

Sustainability Report 

wastewater treatment plants based on actual operating conditions. For instance, the Changrun 

Project has signed a contract with a sewage treatment plant to use reclaimed water as production 

water for boilers and the Company also plans to use the reclaimed water in New Facility of Xintai 

Zhengda Project. Meanwhile, for efficient use of water resources, water saving technologies such 

as closed cooling water circulation, flue gas dehydration and increasing concentration ratio of 

circulating water are preferred to reduce freshwater loss. 

 

(3) Management of solid waste pollution and comprehensive utilisation of solid wastes: improper 

disposal of solid wastes can cause groundwater or soil pollution. Sunpower strictly abides by the 

Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution 

by Solid Waste, reducing waste generation from the source, and supervising and managing the 

entire process of waste collection, storage, transportation, utilisation and disposal to prevent 

environmental pollution incidents. Sunpower complies with the requirements of laws and 

regulations such as the Management Measures for Transfer of Hazardous Waste and is 

determined to reduce the generation of hazardous waste from the sources. It entrusts qualified 

hazardous waste disposal organisations for the disposal of hazardous wastes in a compliant 

manner, and operates a joint single management system for hazardous waste management, 

ensuring that hazardous waste is properly stored, transferred, treated, tracked and supervised, 

so as to prevent the spread of secondary pollution from hazardous waste and reduce the impact 

on the environment. 

 

In terms of the comprehensive utilisation of solid waste, we adhere to the concept of “turning 

waste into wealth”. Sunpower strives to reduce the generation of waste on one hand, and actively 

explores ways to maximize the utilisation of waste resources on the other hand. Many of 

Sunpower’s GI projects are actively exploring coal &amp; sludge blending combustion technology to 

perform the blending of coal and sludge in boilers, which achieves large-scale synergistic 

treatment of sludge and use of the heat produced from sludge combustion for steam supply and 

power generation. Therefore, the Company enables the repurposing and reusing of sludge and 

has applied the sludge disposal technology in the Company’s Changrun Project, Yongxing Plant 

and Shantou Project. In addition, many solid by-products such as fly ash, wet trash, and 

desulfurised gypsum produced by GI projects are excellent raw construction materials. 

 

 

 


 

24 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

Consumption of Water and Electricity in the Group’s GI business in 2020  

 

Category 

2020 

Water consumption for production (tons/RMB)* 

0.0010 

Electricity consumption for production (kWh/RMB)* 

0.1353  

 

*notes: 

1) The water consumption for production does not include the amount of water used as raw material to produce 

steam.  

2) The electricity consumption for production refers to the amount of electricity consumed in production and 

business operation activities. 

 

 

Green Lifestyle and Working 

Sunpower encourages employees to start with 

ordinary, everyday actions, such as saving a 

kilowatt-hour of electricity, a drop of water, and 

a piece of paper; turning off electrical power 

after work, and checking power usage in public 

areas; setting up waste water recycling bins and 

waste paper recycling bins in the office area and 

encouraging the reuse of paper; proactively 

advocating and practicing garbage classification 

in response to the government’s call; proactively 

coordinating the establishment of public bicycle 

parking spots at the company’s entrance to 

encourage green modes of transport among 

employees. It purchased and deployed video 

conferencing 

systems 

and 

encouraged 

participation in video conferences so as to 

reduce long-distance travel. In addition, it called 

on the staff actively participate in the annual 






 

25 

 

Sustainability Report 

tree planting activities and making contributions to greening, and creating a green, low-carbon work 

and life environment. 

 

In order to boost employee morale in fighting against the pandemic in 2020, Changrun Project, with 

the support of its general manager, actively organised tree planting work for the spring season 

alongside the work of pandemic prevention and control. The company was able to achieve both goals 

of pandemic control and making the environment greener, and armed with a positive attitude, it has 

helped its employees build confidence in overcoming the pandemic and transitioning smoothly back 

to normal work and production.


 

26 

 

Sustainability Report 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  

Internal Occupational Health and Safety Management 

1. 

Production Safety 

(1) Safety risk investigation: in order to control safety risks in the production and operation process, 

Sunpower regularly performs risk identification, including HSE operation risk evaluation, regional 

risk evaluation, post safety risk evaluation etc., develops prevention and control measures based 

on the level of risks, and conducts regular on-site safety inspections on the production process to 

investigate all hidden dangers. Taking the geographic location, seasonal characteristics and major 

risks in the project site into account, the safety inspections focus on inspection of the construction 

sites, high-risk areas such as ammonia areas and oil depots or the weak links, such as coal 

transportation systems; upon discovery of problems and hidden dangers following on-site 

inspection, an assessment report is submitted and the rectification date is determined, as part of 

the closed-loop management for rectifying hidden dangers. 

• 

In 2020, the GI project companies had no minor (level I) and major injury accident and various 

safety indices were up to the standards, achieving safe production throughout the year. 

• 

Zero environmental pollution accidents and accidents with major social impact, while various 

environmental emission indicators meet the standard. 

• 

Zero explosive accidents and zero misoperation accidents with pernicious influence 

• 

Zero fire accidents and zero traffic accidents of major level or above  

• 

No information security emergencies of major level or above occurred 

 

In terms of HSE management of projects under construction, Sunpower implements systematic 

HSE management throughout the entire process of construction, which focuses the goal of “zero 

accidents, zero injuries, and zero pollution” through strengthening awareness of red lines within 

the operations and cementing the structure of responsibility. Thus, each GI project under 

construction has established a complete HSE management system and conducted an all-round 

management of health, safety and environmental protection in the process of construction. 

 

Sunpower continuously improves HSE supervision and management measures for the 

construction site, puts into place management of on-site HSE risks, the operation permits and 

emergency response, and strengthens assessment and diagnosis consultation in the 


 

27 

 

Sustainability Report 

implementation of the HSE management system. Sunpower also implements both a mechanism 

of incentives and penalties tied to the results of HSE supervision to ensure that it has a tighter 

control of on-site HSE management and that the potential risks, hazard to society, and damage to 

the environment are reduced to a minimal level in the project construction. 

 

(2) Create a culture of safety: promoting the development of a corporate culture of safety as a new 

idea and strategy in modern safety management, forms an important basis in Sunpower’s aim to 

enhance the standard of safety management. In 2020, Sunpower conducted various 

comprehensive EHS culture development activities across its project companies at all levels, 

including taking the safety oath, signature-themed events, lectures by the general manager, 

watching of educational films on prevention, experiential safety education, learning of typical 

industry accident cases, safety regulation knowledge questions and answers, various safety 

competitions, competitions on equipment operational skills, etc., to progressively build a culture 

of mutual assistance and friendship as well as contribution towards safety. 

 

(3) Conduct safety emergency drill: Sunpower attaches great importance to the pre-emptive 

prevention, in-process control and follow-up management of safety accidents, and conducts 

targeted emergency skills training and emergency evacuation drills for all employees to minimise 

any loss caused by accidents, keeping all personnel and property safe, and maintaining a normal 

order of production and life. In 2020, our GI project companies carried out a variety of safety 

emergency simulations, including: flood prevention, escaping from a high point, fires, commuter 

bus traffic accidents, high-pressure steam pipeline leaks, with the aim of continuously improving 

emergency management and response capabilities, and strengthening the ability of employees to 

help themselves and others in an emergency. 








 

28 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

2. 

Protection of Occupational Health 

In order to protect the health of employees, Sunpower conducts occupational health examinations for 

all employees exposed to occupational hazards, and has established the Occupational Health 

Management Standards, which provides clarity on the management responsibilities and daily 

occupational health duties required across various functional departments and positions. Sunpower 

continues to improve the level of occupational health standards on the back of a well-built 

management mechanism through establishing occupational health records, clearly informing 

employees of occupational hazards and preventive measures, regularly organising occupational health 

examinations, hiring a third-party testing agency to detect and announce occupational hazards, and 

providing qualified labour protection products as required by the laws. As such, Sunpower has not had 

any incidence of occupational diseases for many years. In 2020, in order to further spread the 

knowledge of occupational disease prevention and control, and reinforce employees’ awareness about 

and ability of self-protection, Sunpower organised a variety of distinctive occupational health 

promotion activities in response to the activities centred around the publicity week for the “Law on 

the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases in 2020” sponsored by National Health 

Committee.  

  

 

 

3. 

Pandemic Prevention and Protection  

During the pandemic, Sunpower and its affiliated project companies established the pandemic 

prevention and control office immediately, formulated a comprehensive pandemic prevention and 

control scheme and emergency plan, and generated daily statistics, updates and reports on the health 

of staff, pandemic prevention supplies and pandemic prevention policies. It also actively organised 

video-based training on pandemic prevention and control and resumption of work and production, 

which enhanced employees’ awareness and knowledge of pandemic prevention and control, and thus 






 

29 

 

Sustainability Report 

ensured zero infections during the pandemic. Moreover, this also helped achieve the quick resumption 

of work and production of its downstream users and provide a stable supply of heating for people’s 

lives. 

 

 

 






 

30 

 

Sustainability Report 

External Occupational Health and Safety Management 

1. 

Creating Safe and Stable Conditions for Customers’ Production 

To ensure stability in the production activities of heating users in extreme weather conditions such as 

heavy rains and strong winds, especially under the influence of typhoons, the project companies 

developed and enforced strict implementation of emergency plans. All staff are on 24-hour standby, 

maintaining their vigilance throughout the emergency period. Having been trained under various 

severe weather conditions, they are able to respond to emergencies in a quick and fearless manner.  

 

2. 

Full-coverage Occupational Health and Safety Management 

Throughout 2020, the Group’s HSE Department implemented a full-coverage management to prevent 

and control the pandemic with a rigorous, scientific and professional approach, covering canteens, 

vehicle fleet, administration, office work, commuting of employees, and anyone who visited the Group. 

In addition, all visitors were required to sign the letter of commitment to personal health information 

and the Company provided HSE training and education for the visitors to ensure that they wore 

personnel protective equipment properly before entering the office area and the plants. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

31 

 

Sustainability Report 









33%

67%

Others

Bachelor's Degree 

and above

Our People

1. 

Protection of Human Rights 

Sunpower strictly abides by laws and regulations 

including the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of 

China, Contract Law of the People's Republic of 

China, Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic 

of China, Regulations of Paid Annual Leave of 

Employees, Regulations on Work-related Injury 

Insurance and Law on the Guarantee of the Rights 

and Interests of Women and upholds an 

employment equity policy. It has zero tolerance for 

any form of employment discrimination, opposes 

hard labor and has established a system on 

recruitment, 

development 

and 

promotion 

regardless of gender, ethnicity, belief, and age to 

ensure that the human rights of all employees are 

protected. 

 

2. 

Protection of Rights of Labour 

We have formulated the Employee Handbook in 

accordance with the laws, and established a 

complete labour contract system to safeguard the 

basic rights and interests of our employees. 

Through equal and friendly consultation with 

employees, the labour contracts are signed based 

on the principles of lawfulness, fairness and honesty. 

The labour contracts specify the rights and 

obligations of both parties and policies on salary, 

dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working 

hours and holidays to safeguard and protect the 

legitimate rights and interests of employees. 

 

 

EMPLOYEES 

1,149  

 

 19% female 


 

32 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

 

Employee profile by gender 

Gender 

 

Male 

931 

Female 

218 

Total 

1,149 

 

Employee profile by age 

Age 

 

Below 25 years 

61 

25 to 34 years 

397 

35 to 44 years 

313 

45 to 54 years 

326 

55 years and above 

52 

Total 

1149 

 

Employee profile by job function 

Function 

 

Management and Supervisory 

482 

General Worker 

667 

Total 

1,149 

 

Administrative employee profile by academic qualification  

Qualification 

 

Bachelor’s degree and above 

158 

Others 

324 

Total 

482 

 

Note：The numbers of employees exclude the statistics from the Manufacturing and Services segment following the Group’s 

divestment of this business segment.


 

33 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Contribution to Society 

Sunpower is always committed to giving back 

to society in the course of its development, 

with the interests of society and the public 

welfare at heart and its corporate values 

closely aligned with social values. After the 

outbreak of Covid-19, Sunpower responded to 

the government’s call for prevention and 

control of the pandemic and a quick 

resumption of work and production, while it 

continued to shoulder its social responsibility 

and carry forward its tradition of helping the 

distressed and the poor and contributing to 

society to support the pandemic prevention 

and control, social stability and market supply 

in China. The Group donated 56,000 surgical 

masks, more than 670 sets of infrared warm-

up clothing and other badly-needed pandemic 

prevention supplies to the communities and 

partners at home and abroad. Apart from 

donating of supplies, Sunpower, as an energy-

saving, environmentally-friendly enterprise, fully harnessed its technical strength to make contribution 

to domestic pandemic prevention and control. In the face of the pandemic, Sunpower immediately 

established an emergency response mechanism on ensuring steam supply and developed an 

operational mode and technical measures for supplying steam to enterprises producing key pandemic 

prevention supplies through a separate supply chain to ensure that these enterprises were able to 

quickly resume work and production. With continuous steam supply from Lianshui Project, Yongxing 

Plant and Quanjiao Project, Quanjiao Yonghe Feed Co., Ltd and Anhui Quanjiao Future Feed Co., Ltd 

could resume work and production immediately, which guaranteed fodder supply for downstream 

farmers and thus stabilised food supply; one customer of Yongxing Plant managed to deliver the urgent 

orders for raw materials of protective clothing for manufacturing finished product; Arbidol produced 

by Jiangsu Lianshui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. rolled off the production line successfully and was used by 

the Health Commission of Hubei Province and key hospitals. Therefore, Sunpower provided a strong 

guarantee for energy supply in winning the battle against the pandemic. 






 

34 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

Moving forward, Sunpower will continue to uphold the spirit of contribution through a long-term 

commitment to charitable causes.    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

35 

 

 

Sustainability Report 







Training and Education 

Sunpower attaches great importance to the cultivation of industry 

professionals, devotes resources in various job training programs and assists 

staff to participate in skills training and enhance their expertise. In 2020, we 

worked out targeted training programs for staff in different positions to meet 

the training needs of employees. Sunpower establishes a staff training 

management system to provide corresponding training for each employee, and 

continuously guides them in achieving their personal development goals.  

 

Meanwhile, Sunpower encourages employees to explore opportunities for 

enhancing the professional competence in accordance with their personal 

development goals and the Group’s business needs, while supporting and 

encouraging employees to pursue higher education for personal development.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Note：The numbers of training sessions, actual training hours and attendees exclude the statistics from the Manufacturing 

and Services segment following the Group’s divestment of this business segment. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11,782

25,698 

33,403 

145 External 

791 Internal 

Number of training sessions 

 

Number of attendees 

 

Actual training hours 

 










 

36 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Corporate Culture 

Sunpower upholds a corporate culture of pragmatism, innovation, efficiency and harmony. Over its 

development of more than 20 years, Sunpower has strived to create a model of corporate culture of 

assistance and collaboration, value enhancement and accountability, which combines concepts in the 

Doctrine of the Mean with modern management methods.  

 

A culture of assistance and collaboration: Sunpower highly advocates the 

building of teamwork culture - inheriting traditional culture, integrating 

apprenticeship into modern enterprise management practices and 

innovating the apprenticeship training model, where old employees 

assumed roles in teaching, assisting, and guiding the new employees, and 

mutual learning and progress is promoted between the newer and older 

employees to shorten the period for employees to fit into their posts. We 

have established and implemented a mentorship system that focuses on 

rapid passing of knowledge and skills within the Group. The implementation 

of apprenticeship system and mentorship system not only helps new 

employees break the barriers to integrating into the enterprise quickly, but 

also enables the standardized reproduction of production technology, 

working methods and inheritance of cultural ideas, thus building an 

interpersonal relationship and a cultural of assisting and teaching.  

 

A culture of value enhancement: Sunpower encourages employees to 

pursue new heights in their careers - we have established a technician engagement system and clearly 

shown the career development direction for employees and constantly improved the career 

development mechanism. In addition, we founded the Sunpower Management College to focus on 

strengthening the ability in management, professional competence and professionalism of the 

employees on the basis of the employee competency model. We also incubated and established the 

innovation studio to organise learning, subject research and skill innovation. We keep creating a 

harmonious environment for employees to grow together and achieve success with the enterprise, to 

maximise the value of employees and the enterprise. 

 

A culture of accountability: the highest virtue and social commitment. Sunpower seeks to achieve the 

harmonious development of the enterprise with society and environment in its actions, and for years, 

it has made prominent contributions to poverty alleviation through job creation, education, 



Pragmatic 

务实 



Innovative 

创新 

 



Efficient 

高效 

 



Harmonious 

和谐 

 


 

37 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

earthquake relief and providing assistance to vulnerable groups. It has received commendations by the 

government, civil affairs departments and charitable organisations. 

 

In the course of the development for many years, Sunpower has been practicing the business 

philosophy of “Refined Management, Standardized Process, Professional Services and Internalisation 

of business” and always upholds the corporate value of “Pragmatic, Innovative, Efficient and 

Harmonious” to strive to achieve the vision of “To Satisfy Employees, Customers and Shareholders and 

to Win Social Respect”.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

38 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Team Building 

Team building activities help lead employees to 

cooperate with others more efficiently. These 

activities allow individuals to showcase their 

different skills and solutions to a problem so that 

employees can understand how they can make 

best use of each other’s talents and abilities at 

work. Fun activities enable our employees to get 

to know each other and develop a better 

understanding of each other, and strengthens 

mutual trust by encouraging employees to focus 

on their common ground instead of their 

differences. We regularly organise team building 

activities to further enhance our employees’ sense 

of belonging to the company.  

 

In 2020, the Group organised a series of matches 

for basketball, badminton, table tennis and 

football in what was dubbed the “Sunpower Cup”. 

Throughout 

the 

competition, 

participants 

demonstrated a high degree of motivation and 

morale as they overcame their psychological 

pressure and tension to remain in prime 

competitive state. The participants achieved 

excellent results with their indomitable fighting 

spirit. Amongst the six participating teams in the competition, the GI team performed admirably and 

clinched the championship in the basketball final match, men’s table tennis double final match and 

men’s table tennis single final match, as well as the runner-up in the table tennis men’s single final 

match and in the football game. In addition, the orderly and effective organization of the competition 

also reflects the Group’s strong team cohesion and fighting spirit.  

 

 

 

 

 






 

39 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

Supply Chain Management 

Sunpower has established a procurement information management system to share supplier 

information between the Group and its subsidiaries, and sets up a supplier database to implement 

unified management of suppliers.  

Sunpower has also drafted Punishment Mechanism for Suppliers with unethical or illegal behaviour, 

which clearly defines the identification process for such suppliers. In accordance with the mechanism, 

suppliers with dishonest conduct in bidding activities and contract performance will be included into 

the dishonest supplier database, and suppliers who exhibit unethical or illegal behaviour shall be 

prohibited from winning any contract bid from the Group within a specified time. In addition, suppliers 

who enter into bids are required to furnish documentary evidence that they are free of any 

involvement in bribery cases and submit a statutory declaration that all bid documents and information 

provided are true. Bidders must also comply with relevant national laws and regulations in bidding 

activities, and shall not offer commercial bribery of any kind. Sunpower regularly assesses and 

evaluates its suppliers in terms of production quality, after-sales service, project safety, environmental 

protection.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

40 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Quality Management 

Quality management plays a crucial role in our growth and performance. Since inception, we have 

placed great emphasis on quality and consider quality management as an integral part of our business 

operations. We ensure the stable operation of our production equipment by operating in strict 

accordance with the established procedures and regulations so that we may provide products that 

meet the needs of our users. The Group’s downstream steam users cover multiple industries with 

different requirements for steam pressure and temperature, and thus we adapt steam products to the 

different requirements of the customers.  

 

At the same time, we strictly manage and control the quality of our projects. Sunpower has in place a 

steam allocation scheme for downstream users that allocates steam in advance and in accordance with 

their production time.  During the rare cold wave in end-2020 that extended into the beginning of 2021, 

staff at our GI projects in Northern China were on 24-hour standby for our heat users, and adjusted 

the steam allocation between industrial and civil heat users in a timely manner to ensure that all users 

were able to ride out the cold wave at home. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

41 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Innovation and Technologies 

Sunpower is committed to reducing consumption of fuel and pollutant emissions, and actively adopts 

innovative energy-saving and environmental protection technologies, long distance steam distribution 

pipeline technology and sludge drying and incineration technology.  

 

• 

Environmental Protection Technology  

- 

Low nitrogen combustion technology to maximise combustion 

efficiency to reduce NOx emission 

- 

Desulfurisation and denitrification technology to effectively 

prevent aerosol contamination, convert SO2 and NOX in flue gas 

into compound fertiliser 

- 

Technology to eliminate haze and ammonia escape to eliminate 

dust, aerosol and white smoke 

 

• 

Energy Saving Technology  

- 

High efficiency heat exchange technology to increase boiler 

efficiency through high efficiency heat exchange and 

comprehensive utilisation of waste heat 

- 

Gas heater technology to recycle the heat of flue gas and reduce 

water consumption as well as improve the efficiency of 

desulfuriser to reduce air pollution 

- 

Low temperature economizer technology to reduce flue gas 

temperature, improve boiler and desulfurisation efficiency and 

reduce water consumption 

 

• 

Long Distance Steam Distribution Pipeline Technology  

- 

Increase geographical reach to captive customers. Achieve  

economies of scale 

- 

Reduce feedstock  

- 

Minimize pressure and temperature loss in transmission 

 

 

 









Temperature Loss 

Pressure Loss 

Coverage Radius 


 

42 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

 

• 

Sludge Drying and Incineration Technology to lower feedstock cost and repurpose the waste  

 

• 

Reform and Upgrade Technology to improve operational efficiency  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

43 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Economic Performance 

A company’s financial capital and market 

performance depends on its ability to create a 

competitive edge and generate tangible value 

for its shareholders, customers, employees 

and society. Sustaining healthy profits also 

stems 

from 

intangible 

assets 

such 

as 

professional 

management, 

extensive 

experience, organisational excellence, brand 

equity, environmental management 

and 

human capital.   

 

In spite of the challenges posed by the 

pandemic in 2020, the Group’s business 

remained 

healthy 

and 

reliable. 

With 

continuing strong operational execution, 

Sunpower outperformed with record FY2020 

results that exceeded the convertible bond 

performance target of RMB370 million. Group 

revenue rose 12.6% YoY to RMB4,058.8 

million, group EBITDA increased 13.0% YoY to 

RMB798.2 million and group PATMI improved 

7.0% YoY to RMB377.0 million. Underlying 

operating cashflow grew 17.3% YoY to 

RMB535.4 million. 

 

The GI business continued to grow its 

contributions 

and 

provide 

long-term, 

recurring, high-quality cash flows to the Group 

despite the pandemic due to its strong 

execution capabilities in rapidly resuming and 

maintaining normal operations. GI revenue 

rose 15.6% YoY to RMB1,335.2 million while GI 

EBITDA grew 12.9% YoY to RMB488.7 million, 



Group Revenue (RMB’Million) 





Group Gross Profit &amp; Gross Margin 

(RMB’Million) 





Group EBITDA (RMB’Million) 





PATMI (RMB’Million) 



(1) PATMI refers to the “Profit for the year attributable to equity 

holders of the company” in the audited Consolidated Statement 

of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income excluding 

the financial effect of amortised interest expenses, fair value 

adjustments, foreign exchange gains or losses, and other costs 

associated with the Convertible Bonds and Warrants.. 


 

44 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

which reaffirms Sunpower’s reliable and 

adaptable business model as well as the strong  

growth potential of the GI business. 

 

As GI projects are still ramping up with 

additional contribution from new plants 

anticipated, the long-term Net Present Value 

(“NPV”) of future cashflows generated by the 

GI business is expected to be substantially 

higher than the latest reported period4. 

 

With the quality of the Group’s earnings and 

cashflow continuously enhanced by GI’s long-

term, recurring, high-quality contributions, 

Sunpower has grown into a company with 

long-term, recurring, high-quality income and 

cashflow. Looking ahead, the Group will 

continue to seek suitable opportunities to 

expand the GI portfolio and intensify efforts to 

cultivate and enhance the existing GI projects 

with emphasis on the quality of development. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 Based on the company’s long-term discounted cashflow forecasts 



GI Revenue (RMB’Million) 





GI EBITDA (RMB’Million) 



(2) Underlying operating cash flow, excluding CB interest of RMB19.7 million. 



Group 

Underlying 

Operating 

Cashflow (RMB’Million) 




 

45 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

Customer Satisfaction 

Customer satisfaction is mainly contingent on the 

quality and reliability of our products and services. 

Customer feedback is a vital tool for us to understand 

the needs of our key stakeholders. Through this 

feedback, we are able to streamline internal work 

processes, improve quality management and service 

quality. Fair dealing is always our fundamental 

business principle. Comments and feedback from 

customers and other interested parties typically 

include consultation, complaints, compliments or suggestions. 

We ensure that complaints from customers and other interested parties are addressed in a 

professional, just, timely and responsible manner, and that our decisions are clearly communicated to 

our customers. We are committed to consistently exceed customer expectations while complying with 

all applicable laws to continually improve our performance. 

In 2020, we conducted a customer survey and obtained more than 95% on our Customer Satisfaction 

Index (CSI). In addition, we have garnered strong support and unanimous praise for our products from 

our customers. We did not receive any complaints in 2020 arising from a failure to meet quality 

requirement of our users.  

 

 

 




 

46 

 

 

Sustainability Report 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

Sustainability has become a critical factor for companies to ensure successful long-term value creation. 

Our Group recognises the importance of creating a virtuous cycle of continuously improving 

sustainability reporting.  We hereby proudly present our Sustainability Report which discusses the 

challenges and material issues that are important to our stakeholders, our strategy in managing these 

challenges and issues, and how we have performed in terms of our key performance indicators.  

 

We have adopted a formalised reporting approach to prepare our sustainability report. We applied the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the internationally-known reporting framework, 

specifically Core Options, the latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards 

Board and comply with the requirements of SGX-ST Listing Rules – Sustainability Reporting Guide when 

preparing this report. 

 

Information presented in the report has been extracted from primarily internal records and documents 

to ensure accuracy using internationally accepted measurement data units. 

 

Reporting Boundaries &amp; Standards 

This Sustainability Report covers the company’s 

strategies, initiatives and performance in relation to 

Environmental, Social and Governance issues. All 

data, statistics and improvement targets are in 

relation to the Group’s operations in China. 

Report Period and Scope 

This report covers the Group’s operations in China 

for financial year from 1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

Accessibility &amp; Feedback 

We are fully committed to hearing from our 

stakeholders and we welcome feedback on this 

report 

or 

any 

aspect 

of our 

sustainability 

performance. Please address all feedback to 

ir@sunpower.com.cn 


 

47 

 

Sustainability Report 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

1 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

1 

102-4 Location of operations 

1 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

1 

102-6 Markets served 

1 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

1 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

31, 32 

102-9 Supply chain 

 

39 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

NIL 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

26-30 

102-12 External initiatives  

NIL 

102-13 Membership of associations 

2 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

4, 5, 6 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 36, 37 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

8, 9, 10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

12, 13, 14 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

NIL 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

11, 12, 13, 14 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

 11, 12,13, 14 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

15, 16, 17, 18 


 

48 

 

Sustainability Report 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate 

Structure 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

46 

102-47 List of material topics 

15, 16, 17, 18 

102-48 Restatements of information 

NIL 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

NIL 

102-50 Reporting period 

46 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report released on  

27 May 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

46 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

46 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

46-49 

102-55 GRI content index 

47-49 

102-56 External assurance 

We have not sought external 

assurance for FY2020 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

19-45 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

19-45 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

19-45 

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

43, 44 

Annual Report 2020 – 

Consolidated Statement of Profit 

or Loss and Other Comprehensive 

Income 

205-1 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

8 

302-1 Energy consumed within the organisation 

24 

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource  

22-23 

303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts  

22-23 

303-5 Water consumption 

24 

305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides (SOX), and 

other significant air emissions 

20, 22 


 

49 

 

Sustainability Report 

GRI Standard 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management 

– worker health and safety committees 

26-28 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

35 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

35 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

8, 9, 10, 31, 32 

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken 

NIL 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services 

26 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 





