
 

Sunrise Shares Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 | P a g e 

 

Contents 

Chairman’s Message .................................................................................................................. 3 

Our Sustainability Story ............................................................................................................. 4 

Organisation Profile ................................................................................................................... 6 

Ethics and Integrity .................................................................................................................... 6 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................................... 8 

Stakeholder Engagement ........................................................................................................... 8 

Reporting Practice ...................................................................................................................... 9 

Property Consultancy and Management .................................................................................. 12 

Impact Assessment of Properties ...................................................................................... 12 

Design for Safety................................................................................................................. 12 

Design for Sustainability .................................................................................................... 13 

Contractor Management ................................................................................................... 13 

Property Consultancy Targets and Compliance .................................................. 14 

Our People, Our Assets ............................................................................................................ 15 

Our Workforce ................................................................................................................... 15 

Employee Remuneration and Benefits ............................................................................. 15 

Workforce Targets and Compliance ................................................................................ 16 

SGX-ST Five Primary Components Index .............................................................................. 17 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................................. 18 

 

 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

 

Chairman’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Sunrise Shares Holdings Ltd. (“the 

Company”) and together with its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “Sunrise Shares”) for the 

financial year ended 31 December (“FY”) 2020.   

 

As a company that provides property consultancy and management services, we always advise 

clients to develop their properties sustainably and prioritise occupants’ safety. We take extra 

precaution to ensure that our clients comply with relevant environmental and social laws and 

regulations. For FY2020, the company have commenced in several real estate development 

consultancy projects and property management consultancy projects. The size of real estate 

involved in the consultancy projects are over 180,000 square meters and the group generated 

1.2 million revenue in these projects. The group have taken extra caution in the safety measure 

as over half of the projects are still under the construction stage, The Company endeavors for 

the real estate development consultancy projects and property consultancy projects to have no 

negative impacts on environmental and social factors.   

 

On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (“Board” or “Directors”), I would like to 

express my gratitude to our customers, business partners and shareholders for their unwavering 

support over the years. We look forward to your continued support as we strive to build a more 

sustainable business for a better world. 

 

Executive Director and CEO 

Zhang Zhi Liang 

28 May 2021 

 

 


4 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Our Vision 

To expand and diversify our business, grow our customer base and increase our product 

offerings, to be a well-known quality brand domestically and internationally. 

 

Our Mission 

To produce and develop quality products at a competitive price while building a sustainable 

company culture, and to serve our customers with utmost integrity. 

 

Sustainability Philosophy 

The Group has always strived to ensure our property consultancy and management clients to 

develop their properties sustainably and incorporate sustainable designs and measures. We also 

advise them in the management of their contractors to ensure sustainable construction. As 

safety are one of the most important control in the construction site. The group provide 

construction safety lesson materials to clients and  all of the on-site workers had attended safety 

lesson on the first day of work.   

 

Sustainability Targets and Performance 

We aim to achieve zero product health and safety incidents. We also endeavour to minimise 

our carbon footprint and work with clients to achieve zero workplace safety incidents in their 

operations. As the company main operations include property consultancy and management 

business in PRC, we introduce international environmental standard to our clients in order to 

minimise carbon footprint in our clients operations.  

We endeavour to improve on the scope and range of our advice to clients, as in FY 2020, our 

scope including three main sections: Pre-construction section (construction planning, 

regulation planning and commercial planning), Construction Section (on-site management 

consulting, material solution consulting, environment regulation consulting, safety advising) , 

Post-construction section (sales and property management) to help them develop greener 

buildings with advanced sustainability innovations and solutions. 

 

Below is a summary of our sustainability performance in FY2020 and targets for FY2021. 

Environmental Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incidence of environmental non-compliance for 

our clients 

Achieved zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance for our clients 

Zero incidence of environmental non-compliance 

 

Achieved zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance 

Environmental Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero incidence of environmental non-compliance for 

our clients 

Continue to regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and 

activities to ensure that their operations are in strict 

compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

 

Zero incidence of environmental non-compliance 

To maintain strict compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

 


5 | P a g e 

 

Social Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero product health and safety incidence 

Achieved zero product health and safety incidence 

Zero workplace health and safety incidence 

Achieved zero workplace safety incidence 

Social Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero product health and safety incidence  

To maintain strict compliance with product health and 

safety laws and regulations 

Zero workplace health and safety incidence 

To maintain strict compliance with occupational 

health and safety laws and regulations 

 

 

 


6 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Profile 

 

Listed on the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”), Sunrise Shares is an investment holding company primarily involved in property 

consultancy and management. The Group operates mainly in the People’s Republic of China 

(“PRC”).  

 

Property Consultancy and Management 

 

The Company ventured into property consultancy and management business in PRC in 2017. 

The Group’s subsidiary, Shenzhen Kimshek Consultancy Management Limited (f.k.a 

Shenzhen ZhongTong Consultancy Management Limited or Shenzhen Sunrise Consultancy 

Management Limited), is engaged in the provision of property consultancy and management 

services to property management companies in PRC in relation to, among others, (i) 

construction execution planning, (ii) construction team management advising, (iii) material 

supplier consulting, (iv) budget advising, (v) property management team advising, and (vi) 

property marketing and brokerage service .  

 

Hospitality Business, Fund Management and Investment Business  

 

The Group had not commenced any operations under Hospitality Business, Fund and 

Investment Business in FY2020.  

Ethics and Integrity  

 

Anti-corruption (GRI 205 -1, 205-2, 205-3) 

The Group strictly forbids any form of corruption in its business. All employees and associates 

are informed and educated on the Group’s anti-corruption policies and zero tolerance against 

corruption. No employee or officer is permitted to engage in price fixing, bid rigging, allocation 

of markets or customers, or similar illegal anti-competitive activities. 

 

The purpose of business entertainment and gifts in a commercial setting is to create goodwill 

and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantages with customers. No gift or 

entertainment should ever be offered, given, provided or accepted by any Company employee 

or officer, family member of an employee or officer, or agent unless it: (1) is non cash gift with 

a value under or equivalent to S$ 100 , (2) is consistent with customary business practices, (3) 

is reasonable in value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff, and (5) does not violate 

any laws, regulations or applicable policies of the other party’s organisation.   

 

Employees are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce, manipulate, 

mislead or fraudulently influence the Company’s independent auditors for the purpose of 

rendering the financial statements of the Company materially misleading. 

 

These measures have effectively improved the Group’s ability to resist corruption. There was 

no reported incident of corruption in FY2020, and we target to maintain a zero incidence of 

corruption in FY2021.  

 

 

 


7 | P a g e 

 

Whistle-blowing Policy  

 

The Company has instituted a whistle-blowing policy to provide a channel for employees of 

the Group to report in good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concern about 

possible improprieties in financial reporting and other matters.  

 

The objective of the policy is to ensure that there is independent investigation of such matters 

and that appropriate follow up actions will be taken. The Audit Committee of the Company 

(“AC”) oversees the administration of the policy. Where a complaint has been made, a report 

will be submitted to the AC for investigation and follow-up. The Company has not received 

any whistle blow report for FY2020 and the Company targeted not to have any whistle blow 

report for FY2021. 

 

Interested Persons Transactions  

 

The Company has established internal control policies to ensure that transactions with 

interested persons are reviewed, approved, and are conducted at arm’s length basis. 

The Company does not have a general shareholders’ mandate for recurrent interested person 

transactions. The Company confirms that in FY2020, the Group did not enter into any  

interested person transactions. 

 

Dealing in Securities 

In line with Rule 1204(19) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist 

(“Catalist Rules”), the Company has procedures in place on dealings in securities, whereby 

there should be no dealings in the Company’s shares by the Company, its Directors and officers 

during the period commencing one month prior to the announcement of the Company’s 

unaudited half year and full year financial results and ending on the date of announcement of 

the results. 

 

Directors and employees are also expected to observe applicable securities laws and insider 

trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted trading periods or 

when they are in possession of unpublished price sensitive information, they are not to deal in 

the Company’s securities or on short-term considerations. 

 

 


8 | P a g e 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

At Sunrise Shares, sustainability is prioritised at the Board level. The Group had established a 

Property Management Sustainability Task Force (the “Sustainability Task Force”) to 

implement and manage the Group’s sustainability measures. The Property Management 

Sustainability Task Force is chaired by the Administrative Director of Shenzhen Kimshek 

Consultancy Management Limited and reported to the Board through the Chief Financial 

Officer, Mr Chan Hing Yin. The reporting structure as of 31 December 2020 is set out below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the Group. The 

Board approves the material environmental, social and economic factors identified by the 

Sustainability Task Force, and ensures that the factors identified are well-managed and 

monitored by the Sustainability Task Force. The Board overseen the management and 

monitoring of the material ESG factors.   

 

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making and daily operations 

by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework.  

 

The management review the business and operational activities regularly to identify areas of 

significant business risk as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks.  

More information on precautionary measures, corporate governance practices and risk 

management structure has be included in the Corporate Governance Report in our 2020 Annual 

Report which released on 13 April 2020. 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

The Group believes that stakeholder engagement is integral to the building of a sustainable 

business. We determine our sustainability issues based on their materiality to stakeholders. We 

actively engage in meaningful and productive dialogues with our stakeholders and participate 

in various industry and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

 

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially be 

impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement 

platforms and their key concerns.  

Board of Directors 

Chief Financial Officer

Property 

Management 

Sustainability Task 

Force 


9 | P a g e 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement platforms 

Key concerns 

Read more in the 

following sections 

Property Management 

Customers  

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Property design for 

safety 

• 

Sustainable property 

design 

• 

Contractor 

assessment 

• 

Design for Safety 

• 

Design for 

Sustainability 

• 

Contractor 

Management 

Employees 

• 

Performance 

appraisal system 

• 

Employee Health 

and Safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff Benefits 

• 

Ethics and Conduct 

• 

Compliance with 

local labour laws 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Governments and 

Regulators 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Sustainability 

reporting 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

• 

Compliance with 

Regulatory and 

Industrial 

requirements  

• 

Environmental 

compliance  

• 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

• 

Environmental 

Compliance  

• 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance  

Community 

• 

Community 

engagement 

• 

Environmental 

impact 

• 

Impact of built 

environment on 

community 

• 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management  

• 

Impact Assessment 

of Properties 

Shareholders and 

investors 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Investor relations 

management 

• 

Annual general 

meetings 

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Economic value 

generated 

• 

Anti-corruption 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

This sustainability report is produced in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) standards’ “Core” option, covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2020 to 

31 December 2020.  

 

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental 

and social topics. The Group adopted the GRI standards as it have established norms for how 

companies present information on sustainability. This allows our investors, potential investors 

and other interest parties to easily compare different companies and measure their progress in 

key areas relating to sustainability. 

Moreover, adopting GRI standards help the Group defining materiality and thus priorities, 

creating accountability, identifying and managing long term risk and sharing information in a 

transparent and uniform manner. 

The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX-

ST’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the 

Catalist Rules. 

 


10 | P a g e 

 

GRI does not require external assurance and the Sustainability Task Forces assessed that 

external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability 

reporting framework this year. 

 

This report should be read together with the Group’s 2020 Annual Report. Detailed section 

references with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this 

report.  

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholder Engagement section of this report.  

 

Material Topics 

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, country or subsidiary, 

where applicable) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

The Group 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

GRI 302: Energy 

Property Consultancy and Management 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

The Group 

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 

Property Consultancy and Management 

SOCIAL  

GRI 401: Employment 

The Group 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

Property Consultancy and Management 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

The Group 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

Property Consultancy and Management 

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 

Property Consultancy and Management 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

The Group 

 

Each year, we use a structured process to select the report’s content and confirm its relevance 

and prominence, particularly in relation to the environment and society. 

The key areas covered in FY2019 were as follows: 

• Advice on safe and sustainable property development 

• Occupational health and safety 

• Employee development 

• Contributions to our community 

Our 2020 Sustainability Report focuses on the key sustainability challenges the Group faces 

for each business segment and explores the many ways that we are responding. We have 

structured the report by segments and identified the following key areas for FY2020: 

• Advice on safe and sustainable property development 

• Occupational health and safety 

• Employee development 

• Contributions to our community 

 

 


11 | P a g e 

 

As the Group main operations has no material changes in FY 2020 compare to FY 2019, the 

Board satisfy with the relevance of the selected factors, which are relevant to the Group’s 

business strategy and outcomes. 

 

Below are the risk matrix that identified the severity and likelihood for the material topics.  

 

The board access and identify the likelihood and severity of the material topics according to 

the business external environment and internal operation and come up with the above risk 

matrix. In this report we have separate paragraphs to discuss the material topics which are under 

high risk factors (red area) and medium risk factors (yellow area). In the process of identify the 

selected factors, the Group has considered (i) value drivers; (ii)stakeholder engagement; 

(iii)risk management; (iv) external factors; (v) internal factors; (vi) qualitative perspectives; 

(vii) timeframe.  

The FY 2020 Sustainability report will be made available on SGXNET and on our Group 

website (http://sunriseshares.com). 

 

 




12 | P a g e 

 

Property Consultancy and Management 

 

The Group is committed to integrating sustainability into our property consultancy services. 

Our role is to add value to our property management clients and improve the social and 

environmental sustainability as well as safety standards of their building design, construction 

and building management.  

 

Impact Assessment of Properties  

GRI 413-1 

We recognise the importance of impact assessment in property development. We will assist 

clients in hiring qualified Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”) companies to conduct 

on-site survey of the project and prepare environmental assessment reports according to the 

planning and design of the project. The EIA report needs to be organised for expert review and 

reported to the PRC’s Environmental Protection Agency for final approval.   

 

We also conduct comprehensive environmental and social impact assessments on clients’ 

properties to ensure that construction and development of the property is in compliance with 

environmental and social legislations, and do not have significantly negative impacts on the 

biological and socio-economic environment.  

 

We aspire to conduct annual EIAs to ensure that our environmental measures and policies are 

adequate and up-to-date to mitigate environmental impacts and risks in a timely manner. 

 

Design for Safety  

GRI 416-1 

 

We advise our clients to incorporate high safety standards into their building design and 

construction to ensure the safety of the users in their properties. We review the safety aspects 

of our clients’ property and project construction designs comprehensively, including but not 

limited to the materials used and structural design of the building. We conduct thorough 

reviews of the construction drawings and specifications before commencement of construction 

and regularly collaborate with the design unit to identify potential safety hazards in the 

construction process to rectify safety risks in the construction design. 

Notably, we prioritise the safety review of the height of parapets, indoor window sills, 

balconies, as well as the design, style, material and width of stair railings and balcony railings, 

as these structures pose significant safety risks. We will provide recommendations on how to 

improve on the safety features, such as suggesting the use of imitation stone or texture paint 

for the exterior wall of the building instead of marble stone bricks to increase structural safety 

and mitigate the risk of marble stone tiles crumbling and injuring people over time. 

Another essential safety feature that we review is the design of the building’s fire-protection 

system, as it is paramount to providing the building and its occupants with protection in the 

event of a fire. All fire safety designs must be reviewed and approved by the fire department, 

and we strictly supervise the construction of the fire system, including the fire protection 

materials used and their respective measurements. We will put forward our suggestions for the 

brands and models for clients subcontracting fire protection materials. 

All construction drawings must be assessed by professional drawing examining companies to 

ensure compliance with national architectural design regulations, as well as to ensure that the 


13 | P a g e 

 

basic requirements of building structures such as heating, ventilation, lighting, water supply 

and drainage, fire-protection system, elevators and power are met. 

Other than engaging external professionals to assess regulatory compliance of our clients’ 

buildings, we go the extra mile and engage consultants to design high-grade security systems 

for our clients. The security system designs include systems for video surveillance in buildings, 

anti-theft surveillance, access control, visual intercom, patrol and parking management. This 

is to safeguard residential security and ensure occupant safety at our clients’ buildings. 

Design for Sustainability  

GRI 302-5 

 

Green building is the upcoming trend in the property development industry. We assess the 

environmental impacts of our clients’ property designs and advise them on the sustainability 

of their properties, such as the materials used and management of the property after 

construction. This is to ensure minimal impact on the environment and resources. 

 

We recommend clients to implement the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 

(LEED) green building certification program to help them be environmentally responsible and 

use resources efficiently in the design, construction, operation and maintenance of their 

properties. We assess the suitability of the layout and orientation of buildings to enhance indoor 

environmental quality for occupants in aspects such as space planning for privacy, ventilation 

and lighting. 

 

Contractor Management  

GRI 308-1, 414-1 

 

We are aware of the importance of engaging reliable and quality contractors for our clients to 

guarantee the property quality. We add value to our client’s property management by reducing 

contractor risk and improving their contractor management. 

 

We assess all contractors based on their environmental protection and sustainable construction 

practices in the prevention of water, air and noise pollution. Below are some sustainable 

measures implemented during the construction stage: 


14 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

Property Consultancy Targets and Compliance 

GRI 307-1 

 

The Group has reviewed the progress and development of its clients’ properties in FY2020 to 

ensure that they are well-managed, on schedule and in strict compliance with local legislations. 

We have developed an action plan for FY2021 to further improve our property consultancy 

service as set out below. 

 

Property Consultancy Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incidence of environmental 

non-compliance for our clients 

Achieved zero environmental non-compliance for our clients 

Zero client contractor incidence 

Achieved zero client contractor incidents 

Property Consultancy Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target  

Action Plan 

Zero incidence of environmental 

non-compliance for our clients 

Regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and activities to ensure that their 

works are in strict compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Zero client contractor incidence 

Regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and activities to ensure that their 

works are in strict compliance with occupational health and safety laws 

and regulations 

 

 

Water Pollution Control

•Complete construction of site drainage 

and wastewater treatment facilities 

before commencement of construction 

and ensure their effectiveness so as to 

mitigate water on site, drainage 

overflow, blockage and ensure water 

quality standards

•Foundation pit dewatering to drain and 

discharge effluent discharges into the 

municipal pipeline after 3 levels of 

precipitation

•Waste slurry transported out of 

construction site and treated in 

compliance with relevant environmental 

regulations

•Implement emergency drainage systems 

in rainy and flood season

•Water supply and drainage facilities to 

prevent water accumulation and water 

pipes from running, dripping and leaking

Air Pollution Control

•Implement sprinkler and dust-

control system to prevent dust 

from rising

•Strictly forbid incineration of 

waste and substances that 

produce toxic gases, smoke and 

odor at the construction site

•Vehicles and stoves in canteens 

use clean energy soures such as 

natual gas and electricity, strictly 

forbid use of fuels such as coal, 

wood and sawdust

•Ensure smoke emissions from on-

site use of stoves meet emission 

regulations, monitor emissions 

weekly and document emissions 

data

Noise Pollution Control

•Implement noise reduction 

measures and monthly noise 

monitoring to ensure noise 

emissions during construction 

meets national and municipal 

noise emission standards

•No construction that produce 

noise at night. Any emergency 

operations at night shall be 

submitted to the Municipal 

Bureau of Environmental 

Protection for approval


15 | P a g e 

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

The Group is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of its staff. We value and 

compensate fairly the contributions of all our staff, and treat everyone equally and with respect. 

Our team includes experts in real estate/ construction field, financial field and management 

field which brings skills diversity in our workforce.  

 

Our Workforce  

GRI 401-1, 405-1 

 

The Group does not discriminate against gender or age in staff employment. In FY2020, our 

total staff strength stood at 11 employees, with a new hire rate of 20% and a moderal turnover 

rate.  

 

 

 

 

 

66.0%

0.0%

33.0%

0.0%

100.0%

0.0%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

120%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce - Management

Male

Female

50.0%

0.0%

25.0%

0.0%

25.0%

75.0%

0.0%

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce - Staff

Male

Female


16 | P a g e 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefits  

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-3 

 

At Sunrise Shares, we ensure that our employees are rewarded with competitive benefits and 

wages in line with industry standards. In FY2020, we had operations in the PRC and the wages 

for our staff are well above the local legislated minimum wages. We implement a merit-based 

remuneration system and strongly believe in equal work for equal pay regardless of gender. 

Annual performance appraisals are conducted for all staff to ensure they are compensated fairly, 

based on their performance and contributions.  

 

The Group implements comprehensive employee welfare policies for the benefit and wellbeing 

of its employees. All employees may seek outpatient medical consultation at any government 

polyclinic or private clinic and claim reimbursement from the Company. In addition, to provide 

financial assistance to employees in the event of hospitalisation, permanent disability or death, 

all full-time employees [regardless of jurisdiction,] are automatically entitled to the following 

group insurance plans from the commencement of their employment: 

 

 

 

In Singapore, confirmed female employees with at least 3 continuous months of services are 

entitled to 16 weeks of maternity leave, and confirmed male employees are eligible for 

paternity leave of 2 weeks for the birth of his legal child.  

 

In the PRC, confirmed female employees with at least 3 continuous months of services are 

entitled to 98 days of maternity leave, and confirmed male employees are eligible for paternity 

leave of 15 days for the birth of his legal child.  

 

In FY2020, no staff has taken paternity leave or maternity leave.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Group Hospital and Surgical Insurnace

•Covers medical expenses incurred by employees for hospitalisation and/or 

surgical treatment as a result of illness or injury. 



Workmen's Compensation

•Covers injuries in the workplace or in the course of employment. the 

coverage of this policy is in accordance with the Workmen's Compensation 

Act of Singapore



Group Personal Accident Insurance

•Covers employees who suffered an accidental physical injury which results in 

death or permanent disability




17 | P a g e 

 

Workforce Targets and Compliance  

GRI 419-1 

 

In order to maintain strict compliance with labour laws and regulations and achieve our 

employee development targets in FY2021, we have reviewed the effectiveness of our employee 

retention strategies in FY2020 and developed an action plan for FY2021. 

 

Staff Development Performance in FY2020  

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Achieve 40 training hours 

per employee 

On average employees anticipated 20 hours of training. Due to the effect of 

COVID 19, most of the training section scheduled in first half year had been 

cancelled.  

 

Staff Development Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Achieve 40 training hours 

per employee 

Labour compliance 

Employee development programmes to be implemented 

 

Achieved zero incidence of non-compliance with labour regulations 

 

 


18 | P a g e 

 

SGX-ST Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component  

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

▪ 

Reporting Practice 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

▪ 

Chairman’s Message 

▪ 

Our Sustainability Story 

▪ 

Property Consultancy and Management 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index  

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Our Workforce 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Stakeholder Engagement  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Financial Highlights 

section in Annual Report 

2019 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Anti-corruption  

205-2 

Communication and training on anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Anti-corruption  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Energy and Emissions 

Management  


19 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

302-3 

Energy Intensity 

Energy and Emissions 

Management  

302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services 

Design for Sustainability 

305-2 

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 2) 

Energy and Emissions 

Management  

305-4 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity 

Energy and Emissions 

Management  

307-1 

Environmental Compliance 

Environmental Targets 

and Compliance, 

Property Consultancy 

Targets and Compliance 

308-1 

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Contractor Management 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Our Workforce 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

Employee Remuneration 

and  Benefits 

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Remuneration 

and  Benefits 

403-2  

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

404-3 

Regular Performance and Career Development Review 

Employee Remuneration 

and  Benefits 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Workforce 

413-1  

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Impact 

Assessment 

of 

Properties 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 

Contractor Management 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories 

Product Health and 

Safety, 

Design for Safety, 

Managing Our Suppliers 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impact of products and services 

Product Safety Targets 

and Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

