


Sunrise Shares Holdings Ltd.

Sustainability Report 2019


2 | P a g e

Contents

Chairman’s Message..............................................................................................................3

Our Sustainability Story..........................................................................................................4

Organisation Profile................................................................................................................ 6

Ethics and Integrity..................................................................................................................7

Governance and Statement of the Board............................................................................9

Stakeholder Engagement.................................................................................................... 10

Reporting Practice................................................................................................................ 11

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading................................................................................ 13

Property Consultancy and Management...........................................................................14

Impact Assessment of Properties.............................................................................. 15

Design for Safety.............................................................................................................15

Design for Sustainability...............................................................................................16

Contractor Management................................................................................................16

Property Consultancy Targets and Compliance..........................................17

Our People, Our Assets.......................................................................................................18

Our Workforce..................................................................................................................18

Employee Remuneration and Benefits......................................................................19

Workforce Targets and Compliance.......................................................................... 20

SGX-ST Five Primary Components Index........................................................................ 21

GRI Standards Content Index.............................................................................................21


3 | P a g e

Chairman’s Message

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Sunrise Shares Holdings Ltd.

(“the Company”) and together with its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “Sunrise

Shares”) for the financial year ended 31 December (“FY”) 2019.

As a company that provides property consultancy and management services, we

always advise clients to develop their properties sustainably and prioritise occupants’

safety. We take extra precaution to ensure that our clients comply with relevant

environmental and social laws and regulations. For FY2019, the Company has

commenced in several real estate development consultancy projects and property

management consultancy projects. The area of the real estate involved in the

consultancy projects are over 600,000 square meters and the group generated

S$1.4 million revenue in these projects. The Group has taken extra caution in the

safety measure as over half of the projects are still under the construction stage. The

Company endeavors for the real estate development consultancy projects and

property consultancy projects to have no negative impacts on environmental and

social factors.

The Company held an extraordinary general meeting on 12 June 2019 to obtain

shareholder’s approval to expand and diversify its core business to include

Investment Business. In FY2019, the Group had not commenced any operations

under the Investment Business, the Hospitality Business and Fund Management

Business.

On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (“Board” or “Directors”), I would

like to express my gratitude to our customers, business partners and shareholders

for their unwavering support over the years. We look forward to your continued

support as we strive to build a more sustainable business for a better world.

Executive Director and Chairman

Wong Siu Fai


4 | P a g e

Our Sustainability Story

Our Vision

To expand and diversify our business, grow our customer base and increase our

product offerings, to be a well-known quality brand domestically and internationally.

Our Mission

To produce and develop quality products at a competitive price while building a

sustainable company culture, and to serve our customers with utmost integrity.

Sustainability Philosophy

The Group has always strived to ensure our property consultancy and management

clients to develop their properties sustainably and incorporate sustainable designs

and measures. We also advise them in the management of their contractors to

ensure sustainable construction. As safety is one of the most important control

issues in the construction site, the Group provides construction safety lesson

materials to clients and all of the on-site workers are required to attend safety lesson

on the first day of work.

In electrical manufacturing and trading sector, the Group had ensured user safety of

our products by implementing strict quality control and compliance with safety

regulations. We had also endeavoured to operate our electrical manufacturing

business sustainably by increasing energy efficiency of our equipment. As of 18

June 2019, the Group had completed the disposal of its electrical trading and

manufacturing business and accordingly, had ceased all businesses in relation to the

electrical trading and manufacturing business.

Sustainability Targets and Performance

We aim to achieve zero health and safety incidents. We also endeavour to minimise

our carbon footprint and work with clients to achieve zero workplace safety incidents

in their operations.

We endeavour to improve on the scope and range of our advice to clients.

In

FY2019, our property business comprised of three main phases, (i) pre-construction

phase (construction planning, regulation planning and commercial planning), (ii)

construction phase (on-site management consulting, material solution consulting,

environment regulation consulting, safety advising), and (iii) post-construction phase

(sales and property management), rendering assistance to our clients to develop

greener buildings with advanced sustainability innovations and solutions.

Below is a summary of our sustainability performance in FY2019 and targets for

FY2020.


5 | P a g e

Environmental Performance in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance for our clients

Achieved zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance for our clients

Zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance

Achieved zero environmental non-compliance

Reduced energy consumption and carbon

emissions by 12%

Achieved

energy

consumption

and

carbon

emission reduction target.

Environmental Targets for FY2020

FY2020 Target

Action Plan

Zero

incidence

of

environmental

non-

compliance for our clients

Regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and activities

to ensure that their operations are in strict

compliance

with

environmental

laws

and

regulations.

Zero incidence of environmental non-

compliance

To

maintain

strict

compliance

with

environmental laws and regulations.

Social Performance in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Zero product health and safety incidence

Achieved

zero

product

health

and

safety

incidence

Zero workplace health and safety incidence

Achieved zero workplace safety incidence

Social Targets for FY2020

FY2020 Target

Action Plan

Zero workplace health and safety incidence

To maintain strict compliance with occupational

health and safety laws and regulations


6 | P a g e

Organisation Profile

Listed on the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

(“SGX-ST”), Sunrise Shares is an investment holding company primarily involved in

property consultancy and management. As a result of the disposal of its electrical

trading and manufacturing business, at present the Group operates mainly in the

People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

Property Consultancy and Management

The Company ventured into property consultancy and management business in PRC

in 2017. The Group’s subsidiary, Shenzhen Sunrise Consultancy Management Ltd.

(“SSCML”), is engaged in the provision of property consultancy and management

services to property management companies in PRC in relation to, among others, (i)

construction execution planning, (ii) construction team management advising, (iii)

material supplier consulting, (iv) budget advising, and (v) property management team

advising.

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

The Group was previously engaged in the production of electrical and electronic

materials, products and components under Construction Industry Development

Board Contractors Registration System in Singapore, an accreditation to facilitate the

procurement of equipment by Singapore governmental bodies.

In FY2019, the Company entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement on

10 May 2019 with Mr Soh Shen Pyng to dispose of the Company’s entire interest in

ITE Electric Systems Co Pte. Ltd (“ITEES”), Electech Distribution Systems Sdn. Bhd.,

Electech Manufacturing Sdn.Bhd. and ITE Lumens Pte. Ltd. (collectively the “Sale

Subsidiaries”) (the “Disposal”). Please refer to the Company’s announcement

dated 18 June 2019 in relation to the completion of the Disposal. After the

completion of the Disposal, the Company ceased to have any interest in the Sale

Subsidiaries, and accordingly, ceased its business in the Electrical Manufacturing

and Trading segment.

Hospitality Business, Fund Management and Investment Business

The Group had not commenced any operations under Hospitality Business, Fund

and Investment Business in FY2019.


7 | P a g e

Ethics and Integrity

Anti-corruption (GRI 205 -1, 205-2, 205-3)

The Group strictly forbids any form of corruption in its business. All employees and

associates are informed and educated on the Group’s anti-corruption policies and

zero tolerance against corruption. No employee or officer is permitted to engage in

price fixing, bid rigging, allocation of markets or customers, or similar illegal anti-

competitive activities.

The purpose of business entertainment and gifts in a commercial setting is to create

goodwill and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantages with

customers. No gift or entertainment should ever be offered, given, provided or

accepted by any Company employee or officer, family member of an employee or

officer, or agent unless it: (1) is non cash gift with a value under or equivalent to

S$100 , (2) is consistent with customary business practices, (3) is reasonable in

value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff, and (5) does not violate any laws,

regulations or applicable policies of the other party’s organisation.

Employees are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce,

manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Company’s independent auditors

for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company materially

misleading.

These measures have effectively improved the Group’s ability to resist corruption.

There was no reported incident of corruption in FY2019, and we target to maintain a

zero incidence of corruption in FY2020.

Whistle-blowing Policy

The Company has instituted a whistle-blowing policy to provide a channel for

employees of the Group to report in good faith and in confidence, without fear of

reprisals, concern about possible improprieties in financial reporting and other

matters.

The objective of the policy is to ensure that there is independent investigation of

such matters and that appropriate follow up actions will be taken. The Audit

Committee of the Company (“AC”) oversees the administration of the policy. Where

a complaint has been made, a report will be submitted to the AC for investigation

and follow-up.

Interested Persons Transactions

The Company has established internal control policies to ensure that transactions

with interested persons are reviewed, approved, and are conducted at arm’s length

basis.


8 | P a g e

The Company does not have a general shareholders’ mandate for recurrent

interested person transactions. The Company confirms that in FY2019, the Group

did not enter into any interested person transactions.

Dealing in Securities

In line with Rule 1204(19) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist

(“Catalist Rules”), the Company has procedures in place on dealings in securities,

whereby there should be no dealings in the Company’s shares by the Company, its

Directors and officers during the period commencing one month prior to the

announcement of the Company’s unaudited half year and full year financial results

and ending on the date of announcement of the results.

Directors and employees are also expected to observe applicable securities laws

and insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted

trading periods or when they are in possession of unpublished price sensitive

information, they are not to deal in the Company’s securities or on short-term

considerations.


9 | P a g e

Governance and Statement of the Board

At Sunrise Shares, sustainability is prioritised at the Board level. The Group had in

FY2019, established an Electrical Sustainability Task Force and a Property

Management Sustainability Task Force (collectively, the “Sustainability Task

Force”) to implement and manage the Group’s sustainability measures. Prior to the

Disposal, the Electrical Sustainability Task Force was chaired by the Finance

Manager of ITEES, and the Property Management Sustainability Task Force is

chaired

by

the

Administrative

Director

of

Shenzhen

Sunrise

Consultancy

Management. Both Sustainability Task Forces reported to the Board through the

Chief Financial Officer, Mr Chan Hing Yin. The reporting structure as of 31

December 2019 is set out below.



The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the

Group. The Board approves the material environmental, social and economic factors

identified by the Sustainability Task Force, and ensures that the factors identified are

well-managed and monitored by the Sustainability Task Force.

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making and daily

operations by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework.

The management review the business and operational activities regularly to identify

areas of significant business risk as well as appropriate measures to control and

mitigate these risks. More information on precautionary measures, corporate

governance practices and risk management structure will be included in the

Corporate Governance Report in our 2019 Annual Report which will be released at a

later date.

Property

Management

Sustainability

Task Force


10 | P a g e

Stakeholder Engagement

The Group believes that stakeholder engagement is integral to the building of a

sustainable business. We determine our sustainability issues based on their

materiality to stakeholders. We actively engage in meaningful and productive

dialogues with our stakeholders and participate in various industry and government

forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could

potentially be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key

stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns.

Stakeholders

Engagement

platforms

Key concerns

Read more in the

following sections

Property Management

Customers



Annual reports



Property design for

safety



Sustainable

property design



Contractor

assessment



Design for Safety



Design for

Sustainability



Contractor

Management

Employees



Performance

appraisal system



Employee Health

and Safety



Remuneration



Staff Benefits



Ethics and

Conduct



Compliance with

local labour laws



Our People, Our

Assets

Governments and

Regulators



Annual reports



Sustainability

reporting



Ongoing dialogues



Compliance with

Regulatory and

Industrial

requirements



Environmental

compliance



Occupational

Health and Safety



Environmental

Targets and

Compliance



Workforce Targets

and Compliance

Community



Community

engagement



Environmental

impact



Impact of built

environment on

community



Energy and

Emissions

Management



Impact

Assessment of

Properties

Shareholders and

investors



Annual reports



Investor relations

management



Annual general

meetings



Anti-corruption



Economic value

generated



Anti-corruption


11 | P a g e

Reporting Practice

This Sustainability Report is produced in accordance with the Global Reporting

Initiative (“GRI”) standards’ “Core” option, covering our Group’s performance from 1

January 2019 to 31 December 2019. This Sustainability Report includes, among

others, the Company’s targets and action plans for the Sale Subsidiaries (which

operates in the Group’s Electrical Manufacturing and Trading segment) in FY2019

but does not include the targets for FY2020 as the Disposal was completed on 18

June 2019.

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic,

environmental and social topics.

The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by

the SGX-ST’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under

Rule 711B of the Catalist Rules.

GRI does not require external assurance and the Sustainability Task Force assessed

that external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a

sustainability reporting framework this year.

This report should be read together with the Group’s 2019 Annual Report, which will

be released at a later date. Detailed section references with GRI Standards is found

at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholder Engagement section of this

report.

Material Topics

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, country or

subsidiary, where applicable)

ECONOMIC

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

The Group

ENVIRONMENTAL

GRI 302: Energy

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

Property Consultancy and Management

GRI 305: Emissions

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

The Group

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental

Assessment

Property Consultancy and Management

SOCIAL

GRI 401: Employment

The Group

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

Property Consultancy and Management

GRI 404: Training and Education

The Group

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 413: Local Communities

Property Consultancy and Management

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment


12 | P a g e

Material Topics

Boundaries (i.e. which segment, country or

subsidiary, where applicable)

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

Property Consultancy and Management

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

The Group

Each year, we use a structured process to select the report’s content and confirm its

relevance and prominence, particularly in relation to the environment and society.

The key areas covered in FY2018 were as follows:



Product health and safety



Energy management



Occupational health and safety



Employee development



Advise on safe and sustainable property development



Contributions to our community

Our 2019 Sustainability Report focuses on the key sustainability challenges the

Company faces for each business segment and explores the many ways that we are

responding. We have structured the report by segments and identified the following

key areas for FY2019:



Advise on safe and sustainable property development



Occupational health and safety



Employee development



Contributions to our community


13 | P a g e

Electrical Manufacturing and Trading

As a reputable supplier of electrical and electronic products, ensuring high product

quality and safety is our top priority. We have established stringent product quality

policies, and we conduct rigorous testing and safety assessments on our products to

ensure that our products are safe to use for customers.

Product Health and Safety

GRI 416-1, 416-2

The Group strictly complies with industry standards and consumer product safety

regulations. We have established strict quality control measures based on each

product standard to optimise the quality, safety and reliability of all products. Our

quality assurance policies include conducting full-functioning tests on manufactured

products during the assembly process to ensure product health and safety. Any

product that failed the test is rectified immediately and re-tested, which is a

testament of our commitment to quality assurance.

We endeavour to manufacture consistent and high-quality products with the health

and safety of our customers as our top priority, and we achieved zero incidence of

product health and safety in FY2019.

Managing our Suppliers

GRI 416-1

The Group prioritises the quality of all products that it distributes. This includes

products that we manufacture, as well as products supplied to us by third party

manufacturers. We go through rigorous and stringent checks when we assess our

raw material suppliers and third party manufacturers to ensure quality assurance of

the products we distribute under our name.

We perform stringent inspections on raw materials procured from our suppliers to

ensure that they are safe to use. As for products supplied by third party

manufacturers, we provide our materials for them to use in the manufacturing of our

procured products. This allows us to control and ensure the quality and safety

standards of our products supplied by third party manufacturers.

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403-2

The Group endeavours to prevent occupational hazards on a group-wide level. We

have always been safety-oriented, and we strictly implement and comply with our

safety polices and principles.

We practise adequate housekeeping by keeping our operation sites safe, clean and

clutter-free, and our production supervisors conduct regular checks and inspection to

prevent workplace accidents and injuries. We also ensure that factory workers are


14 | P a g e

provided with sufficient training, supervision and safety gear such as masks and

gloves to safeguard their safety. The Group has implemented measures such as

placing covers on machines to prevent injuries from occurring.

In FY2019, there were no incidents of work-related injuries.

Energy and Emissions Management

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 305-2, 305-4

The

Group

prioritises

the

sustainability

of

our

factory

operations,

and

has

implemented measures and installed structures such as LED lights and inverter air-

conditioners at our premises to increase energy efficiency of our factory equipment.

As such, the Company had reduced its energy consumption and intensity ratio for

FY2019.

Energy Consumption (kWh)

Intensity ratio (kwh/m2)

Factory

Size (m2)

2019

2018

2017

2019

2018

2017

Electech

Manufacturing

Sdn Bhd

740m²

113,151

116,500

103,800

152.91

157.43

140.27

Note:

Notwithstanding that the Disposal took place on 18 June 2019, the aforementioned data for FY2019

has been provided on a full-year basis for meaningful comparison,

Environmental Targets and Compliance

GRI 307-1

In order to maintain strict environmental compliance and achieve our environmental

targets in FY2019, we have reviewed our environmental performance in FY2019.

Environmental Performance in FY2019

FY2018 Target

Performance Update

Reduce energy consumption and carbon

emissions

Energy

consumption

and

carbon

emissions

decreased by 12%

Zero incident of environmental non-

compliance

Achieved zero environmental non-compliance

Property Consultancy and Management

The Group is committed to integrating sustainability into our property consultancy

services. Our role is to add value to our property management clients and improve


15 | P a g e

the social and environmental sustainability as well as safety standards of their

building design, construction and building management.

Impact Assessment of Properties

GRI 413-1

We recognise the importance of impact assessment in property development. We

will assist clients in hiring qualified Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”)

companies to conduct on-site survey of the project and prepare environmental

assessment reports according to the planning and design of the project. The EIA

report needs to be organised for expert review and reported to the PRC’s

Environmental Protection Agency for final approval.

We also conduct comprehensive environmental and social impact assessments on

clients’ properties to ensure that construction and development of the property is in

compliance with environmental and social legislations, and do not have significantly

negative impacts on the biological and socio-economic environment.

We aspire to conduct EIAs in respective of all our projects, to ensure that our

environmental measures and policies are adequate and up-to-date to mitigate

environmental impacts and risks in a timely manner.

Design for Safety

GRI 416-1

We advise our clients to incorporate high safety standards into their building design

and construction to ensure the safety of the users in their properties. We review the

safety

aspects

of

our

clients’

property

and

project

construction

designs

comprehensively, including but not limited to the materials used and structural

design of the building. We conduct thorough reviews of the construction drawings

and specifications before commencement of construction and regularly collaborate

with the design unit to identify potential safety hazards in the construction process to

rectify safety risks in the construction design.

Notably, we prioritise the safety review of the height of parapets, indoor window sills,

balconies, as well as the design, style, material and width of stair railings and

balcony railings, as these structures pose significant safety risks. We will provide

recommendations on how to improve on the safety features, such as suggesting the

use of imitation stone or texture paint for the exterior wall of the building instead of

marble stone bricks to increase structural safety and mitigate the risk of marble stone

tiles crumbling and injuring people over time.

Another essential safety feature that we review is the design of the building’s fire-

protection system, as it is paramount to providing the building and its occupants with

protection in the event of a fire. All fire safety designs must be reviewed and

approved by the fire department, and we strictly supervise the construction of the fire

system,

including

the

fire

protection

materials

used

and

their

respective

measurements. We will put forward our suggestions for the brands and models for

clients subcontracting fire protection materials.


16 | P a g e

All construction drawings must be assessed by professional drawing examining

companies to ensure compliance with national architectural design regulations, as

well as to ensure that the basic requirements of building structures such as heating,

ventilation, lighting, water supply and drainage, fire-protection system, elevators and

power are met.

Other than engaging external professionals to assess regulatory compliance of our

clients’ buildings, we go the extra mile and engage consultants to design high-grade

security systems for our clients. The security system designs include systems for

video surveillance in buildings, anti-theft surveillance, access control, visual intercom,

patrol and parking management. This is to safeguard residential security and ensure

occupant safety at our clients’ buildings.

Design for Sustainability

GRI 302-5

Green building is the upcoming trend in the property development industry. We

assess the environmental impacts of our clients’ property designs and advise them

on the sustainability of their properties, such as the materials used and management

of the property after construction. This is to ensure minimal impact on the

environment and resources.

We recommend clients to implement the Leadership in Energy and Environmental

Design (LEED) green building certification program to help them be environmentally

responsible and use resources efficiently in the design, construction, operation and

maintenance of their properties. We assess the suitability of the layout and

orientation of buildings to enhance indoor environmental quality for occupants in

aspects such as space planning for privacy, ventilation and lighting.

Contractor Management

GRI 308-1, 414-1

We are aware of the importance of engaging reliable and quality contractors for our

clients to guarantee the property quality. We add value to our client’s property

management by reducing contractor risk and improving their contractor management.

We assess all contractors based on their environmental protection and sustainable

construction practices in the prevention of water, air and noise pollution. Below are

some sustainable measures implemented during the construction stage:


17 | P a g e



Property Consultancy Targets and Compliance

GRI 307-1

The Group has reviewed the progress and development of its clients’ properties in

FY2019 to ensure that they are well-managed, on schedule and in strict compliance

with local legislations. We have developed an action plan for FY2020 to further

improve our property consultancy service as set out below.

Property Consultancy Performance in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Zero incidence of

environmental non-compliance

for our clients

Achieved zero environmental non-compliance for our clients

Zero client contractor

incidence

Achieved zero client contractor incidents

Property Consultancy Targets for FY2020

FY2020 Target

Action Plan

Zero incidence of

environmental non-compliance

for our clients

Regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and activities to ensure that

their works are in strict compliance with environmental laws and

regulations

Zero client contractor

incidence

Regularly monitor clients’ portfolio and activities to ensure that

their works are in strict compliance with occupational health and

safety laws and regulations


18 | P a g e

Our People, Our Assets

The Group is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of its staff. We

value and compensate fairly the contributions of all our staff, and treat everyone

equally and with respect.

Our Workforce

GRI 401-1, 405-1

The Group does not discriminate against gender or age in staff employment. In

FY2019, our total staff strength stood at 10 employees, with a new hire rate of 10%

and a low turnover rate. The decrease in employees from FY2018 to FY2019 was

due to the completion of the Disposal, where the Electrical Manufacturing Trading

business contributed to 80% of the total staff strength in FY2018.




19 | P a g e



Employee Remuneration and Benefits

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-3

At Sunrise Shares, we ensure that our employees are rewarded with competitive

benefits and wages in line with industry standards. In FY2019, we had operations in

the PRC and Malaysia, and the wages for our staff are well above the local legislated

minimum wages. We implement a merit-based remuneration system and strongly

believe in equal work for equal pay regardless of gender. Annual performance

appraisals are conducted for all staff to ensure they are compensated fairly, based

on their performance and contributions.

The Group implements comprehensive employee welfare policies for the benefit and

wellbeing of its employees. All employees may seek outpatient medical consultation

at any government polyclinic or private clinic and claim reimbursement from the

Company. In addition, to provide financial assistance to employees in the event of

hospitalisation, permanent disability or death, all full-time employees regardless of

jurisdiction, are automatically entitled to the following group insurance plans from the

commencement of their employment:




20 | P a g e

In Singapore, confirmed female employees with at least 3 continuous months of

services are entitled to 16 weeks of maternity leave, and confirmed male employees

are eligible for paternity leave of 2 weeks for the birth of his legal child.

In the PRC, confirmed female employees with at least 3 continuous months of

services are entitled to 98 days of maternity leave, and confirmed male employees

are eligible for paternity leave of 15 days for the birth of his legal child.

In FY2019, no staff has taken paternity leave or maternity leave.

Workforce Targets and Compliance

GRI 419-1

In order to maintain strict compliance with labour laws and regulations and achieve

our employee development targets in FY2020, we have reviewed the effectiveness

of our employee retention strategies in FY2019 and developed an action plan for

FY2020.

Staff Development Performance in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Labour compliance

Achieved zero incidence of non-compliance with labour regulations

Staff Development Targets for FY2020

FY2020 Target

Action Plan

Achieve 40 training hours

per employee

Employee development programmes to be implemented


21 | P a g e

SGX-ST Five Primary Components Index

S/N

Primary Component

Section Reference

1

Material Topics



Reporting Practice

2

Policies,

Practices and Performance



Chairman’s Message



Our Sustainability Story



Electrical Manufacturing and Trading



Property Consultancy and Management

3

Board Statement

Governance and Statement of the Board

4

Targets

Our Sustainability Story

5

Framework

Reporting Practice

GRI Standards Content Index

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference

102-1

Name of the organisation

Organisation Profile

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Organisation Profile

102-3

Location of headquarters

Organisation Profile

102-4

Location of operations

Organisation Profile

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Organisation Profile

102-6

Markets served

Organisation Profile

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Organisation Profile

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our Workforce

102-9

Supply chain

Organisation Profile

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Governance and

Statement of the Board

102-13

Membership of associations

Organisation Profile

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s Message

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-16

Values,

principles,

standards,

and

norms

of

behaviour

Ethics and Integrity

102-17

Mechanisms

for

advice

and

concerns

about

ethics

Ethics and Integrity

102-18

Governance structure

Governance and

Statement of the Board

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Reporting Practice

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Chairman’s Message

205-1

Operations

assessed

for

risks

related

to

corruption

Anti-corruption


22 | P a g e

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference

205-2

Communication and training on anti-corruption

policies and procedures

Anti-corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions

taken

Anti-corruption

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy and Emissions

Management

302-3

Energy Intensity

Energy and Emissions

Management

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products

and services

Design for Sustainability

305-2

Energy

Indirect

Greenhouse

Gas

Emissions

(Scope 2)

Energy and Emissions

Management

305-4

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity

Energy and Emissions

Management

307-1

Environmental Compliance

Environmental Targets

and Compliance,

Property Consultancy

Targets and

Compliance

308-1

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened

using environmental criteria

Contractor

Management

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Our Workforce

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are

not

provided

to

temporary

or

part-time

employees

Employee

Remuneration and

Benefits

401-3

Parental Leave

Employee

Remuneration and

Benefits

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational

diseases,

lost

days,

and

absenteeism,

and

number of work-related fatalities

Occupational Health

and Safety

404-3

Regular Performance and Career Development

Review

Employee

Remuneration and

Benefits

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Our Workforce

413-1

Operations with local community engagement,

impact assessments, and development programs

Impact Assessment of

Properties

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social

criteria

Contractor

Management

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of

product and service categories

Product Health and

Safety,

Design for Safety,

Managing Our

Suppliers

416-2

Incidents

of

non-compliance

concerning

the

health

and

safety

impact

of

products

and

services

Product Safety Targets

and Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the

Workforce Targets and


23 | P a g e

GRI Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference

social and economic area

Compliance

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and reviewed by the

Company’s sponsor, Novus Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in compliance with

Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-

ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the

correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this

sustainability report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Pong Chen Yih, Chief Operating Officer, at 9

Raffles Place, #17-05, Republic Plaza Tower 1, Singapore 048619, telephone (65) 6950

4188.

