
 

SUTL Enterprise Limited 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 

 




 

2 | P a g e 

 

Contents 

CEO’s Message ......................................................................................................... 3 

Our Sustainability Story .............................................................................................. 4 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 8 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................. 10 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................... 11 

Reporting Practice .................................................................................................... 12 

Environment ............................................................................................................. 13 

Climate and Hurricane Risk Management......................................................... 13 

Environmental Protection ............................................................................. 13 

Energy Management ....................................................................................... 15 

Water Management ............................................................................................. 16 

Effluents and Waste Management ..................................................................... 16 

Environmental Compliance ................................................................................ 17 

Our Members ........................................................................................................... 18 

Customer Health and Safety ........................................................................ 18 

Sustainable Membership .................................................................................... 20 

Our People, Our Assets ........................................................................................... 23 

Our Workforce ..................................................................................................... 23 

Occupational Health and Safety ........................................................................ 23 

Employee Benefits .............................................................................................. 24 

Contributions to Our Community .............................................................................. 25 

Ethics and Integrity ............................................................................................. 25 

Corporate Social Responsibility ........................................................................ 25 

Socioeconomic Compliance .............................................................................. 26 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 27 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 27 

 

 

 


 

3 | P a g e 

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

I am pleased to present the 2019 Sustainability Report of SUTL Enterprise Limited 

(“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”).  

The Group aspires to manage world-class integrated marinas that feature top-notch, 

professionally-run facilities and amenities with minimal environmental footprint. We 

saw remarkable results in the launch of the ONE°15 Marina – Seakeepers Asia Coral 

Garden project, where we successfully developed our coral gardens and promoted 

awareness of this project. We were accredited Marina Industry Association (“MIA”) 

International Clean Marina Level 4 Award (ISO 14001:2015) which is a clear testament 

of our efforts to protect our waterways. We have also commenced the reconfiguration 

of our pontoons to increase the overall efficiency of our operations and minimise 

resource wastage. 

ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove Singapore, celebrated the launch of its new Customs, 

Immigration, Quarantine (“CIQ”) facility in August 2019. The CIQ facility offers an 

alternative immigration point, which has helped to ease traffic at the facility at Sisters’ 

Island especially during busy periods. The CIQ facility enables ONE°15 Marina 

Sentosa Cove Singapore to be the centre of all boating activities which gives our 

boaters more convenience and a better yachting experience. 

The Group is expanding its business and brand internationally. We have begun selling 

memberships for our upcoming marina club at Puteri Harbour of Iskandar Puteri in 

Iskandar Malaysia, Johor. This allows members to enjoy exclusive membership 

privileges across the marina clubs worldwide under the prestigious ONE°15 brand, 

thereby creating more value for our members. 

I would like to thank our members, customers, business partners and shareholders for 

your unwavering support over the years. We look forward to your continuing support 

as we strive to build sustainably luxurious integrated marinas around the region. 

Arthur Tay 

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 

 


 

4 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Our Vision 

To be the Leading, Premier Integrated Marina Developer and Operator. 

Our Values 

Our values reflect the defining qualities that have contributed to the success of SUTL. 

These values form the foundation and ideals required to achieve greater heights for 

both the company and quality of life for people in Asia. 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainable Luxury 

We advocate sustainable luxury and believe that luxury is not about being excessive 

and wasteful. Instead, we encourage our members and guests to make more informed 

consumer choices by providing quality services with sustainable values.  

The Group fulfils the standards of a luxurious waterfront lifestyle while ensuring 

sustainable operations. We support a vibrant yachting community and promote the 

marina and yachting tourism lifestyle without compromising the wellbeing of the 

environment and society. We are fully committed to ensuring environmental protection 

and maintaining the safety and welfare of our customers, employees and the 

community in our operations. 

Sustainability Performance and Targets 

The Group aspires to adorn a string of pearls along the beautiful coastlines of Asia, 

each pearl representing a ONE°15 branded marina, where the international boating 

community can get together and explore the region. 

We endeavour to tap into Asia’s rising affluence and burgeoning demand for the 

waterfront lifestyle by establishing infrastructure and services that are exceptional yet 

sustainable.  

 

 

•We stay faithful to the 

founding spirit of 

enterprise by seeking 

new perspectives and 

innovative solutions







ENTERPRISING



•We are adaptable, fast 

moving and 

unencumbered so we 

can realise market 

opportunities







AGILE



•We are trustworthy 

market experts driven 

by deep insight, 

commitment and 

prudence







RESPONSIBLE



•We value the collective 

diversity of our 

business and people, 

progressing forward 

with a common spirit 

and intent







UNIFIED




 

5 | P a g e 

 

The table below summarises our sustainability performance in FY2019 and targets for 

FY2020: 

Environmental Performance in FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

1.5% reduction in resource usage 

Reduced energy consumption by 0.7% 

Reduction in effluents and waste 

- 

Reduced waste generation by 1.4% 

- 

10% of dry waste reused and recycled 

Zero spills 

Achieved zero spills 

Implement more biodiversity 

preservation programmes 

- 

Launched the ONE°15 Marina – Seakeepers Asia 

Coral Garden project 

- 

Transferred over 70 coral fragments onto the new 

seawall and achieved coral transplant survivorship of 

91.1%  

- 

Installed six (6) new nursery frames along the 

pontoons  

Zero environmental non-compliance 

Achieved zero incident of environmental non-compliance 

Environmental Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

1.5% reduction in resource usage  

- 

Increase energy efficiency of equipment  

- 

Deploy more water saving measures 

Reduce plastic usage 

- 

Minimise use of plastic straws and takeaway 

containers 

- 

Use eco-friendly materials and refrain from using 

single-use plastic in daily operations on the pontoons 

Reduction in effluents and waste 

- 

Go paperless in our daily operations and services 

- 

Reuse and recycle 

Zero spills 

- 

Impose penalties for spillage 

- 

Check all facilities, piping and equipment regularly 

Implement more biodiversity 

preservation programmes 

- 

Educate and promote protection of surrounding 

environment and biodiversity  

- 

Organise annual marina clean-ups to remove ocean 

litter and preserve marine life 

- 

Develop coral gardens and promote coral planting 

Zero environmental non-compliance 

Strictly adhere to environmental laws and regulations 

where we operate 

 

 


 

6 | P a g e 

 

Social Performance in FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero guest and employee safety 

incidents 

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance with 

customer health and safety regulations 

- 

One incident of occupational injury that led to seven 

(7) man-days lost 

- 

Achieved zero incident of work-related fatality 

Implement more programmes for 

upgrading employee skills 

Staff attended training programmes including first aid and 

emergency trainings 

Social Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero guest and employee safety 

incidents 

- 

Achieve sanitary and safety standards in accordance 

to SG Clean and achieve SG Clean certification 

- 

Strictly implement safe distancing measures to 

mitigate risk of transmission of COVID-19 

- 

Promote safety awareness  

- 

Proper implementation of safety policies 

- 

Strict implementation of food safety measures 

- 

Expand pool of first aid trained staff beyond security 

Zero incident of non-compliance with 

COVID-19 laws and measures 

- 

Strictly comply with work from home policy 

- 

Safe distancing clearly marked for seating and 

queues 

- 

Daily temperature taking of staff and guests 

Achieve 4 membership events per 

month to engage members 

- 

Continuous engagement with partners to ensure 

quality of events 

- 

Strictly comply with COVID-19 safety measures 

during membership activities 

Implement 

more 

programmes 

for 

upgrading employee skills 

Work with Department Heads to identify training needs for 

staff 

Zero complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

Strictly adhere to customer privacy laws and regulations 

where we operate 

Zero incident of socioeconomic non-

compliance 

Strictly adhere to social and economic laws and 

regulations where we operate 

 

Noteworthy Awards 

The Group has won numerous accolades and awards in recognition of its excellence 

in the marina and yacht charter industry: 

- 

Marina Industry Association (“MIA”) International Clean Marina Level 4 Award (ISO 

14001:2015) (2019)  


 

7 | P a g e 

 

- 

Asian Boating Awards – Best Asian Marina (2009, 2012 – 2014, 2016 – 2019) 

- 

Luxury Travel Awards – Unique Luxury Hotel of the Year 2019 

- 

Best Contribution to the Asian Marina Industry – Arthur Tay (2019) 

- 

Corporate Insider – Winner of Business Excellence Awards (2019) 

- 

14th South West ECo Awards – Commendation Award (Corporate Category (2018) 

- 

Agoda Gold Circle Award 2015 

- 

Influential Brands: Lifestyle &amp; Yachting Hub – Winner 2015 

- 

Asian Boating Awards – Green Maritime Company of the Year 2015 

- 

The Yacht Harbour Association (“TYHA”) Gold Anchor Award Scheme (5 Gold 

Anchor) 

- 

ISO 9001:2008 –Quality Management System (2009) 

 

 


 

8 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Profile 

 

 

SUTL Enterprise Limited was incorporated in 1993 and listed on SGX Mainboard (SGX: 

BHU) in 2000. Headquartered in Singapore, it is currently the only marina business 

listed on the SGX. The Group is a leading developer, operator and consultant of 

integrated marinas, and has three business segments namely Marina Ownership, 

Consultancy &amp; Management Services, and Luxury Yacht Chartering.  

Marina Ownership 

The Group builds integrated marinas and operates them under its proprietary ONE°15 

brand as lifestyle marina clubs with retails, F&amp;B options, recreational facilities and 

accommodation. Currently, it owns ONEo15 Sentosa and ONEo15 Puteri Harbour is 

under construction. 

Consultancy &amp; Management Services 

 

Photo illustration: Indonesia Navy Club by ONEo15 Marina 

The Group offers consultancy and management services to developers and owners of 

waterfront real estate under its wholly-owned subsidiary, ONE15 Management &amp; 

Technical Services Pte. Ltd. (“MTS”). MTS offers a range of comprehensive pre-

construction advisory services including marina master planning, feasibility studies 

and market research, marina design and project management. Its goal is to assist 

developers and owners in building quality infrastructure that will ensure a success for 

the marina. It currently manages ONEo15 Brooklyn Marina operations. 








 

9 | P a g e 

 

Post-construction, MTS provides consultancy services in the form of business 

planning and optimisation. Under its management services, MTS offers day-to-day 

running of the marina's operations hospitality management. 

Its pipeline of soon-to-be completed marinas includes the Indonesian Navy Club 

managed by ONEo15 and ONEo15 Marina Nirup island in Indonesia; Taihu 

International Marina managed by ONE°15 Marina and ONEo15 Logan Cove 

Zhongshan in China.  

Luxury Yacht Chartering 

 

The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ONE15 Luxury Yachting Pte. Ltd. 

(“LY”), operates a complementary yacht chartering business with more than 40 luxury 

yachts ranging from 11 metres to 40 metres registered with LY's yacht chartering 

programme.  

Yachting has become increasingly popular as a recreational activity for city dwellers, 

who yearn to get away from the crowds by going out to the open sea. Our customers 

include companies that book the vessels for corporate events and also individuals who 

want an alternative venue for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries and other special 

occasions. LY enables our customers to enjoy the boating lifestyle without the financial 

burden of owning a yacht.  

The yachts are owned by the respective yacht owners who are also berthing 

customers of the Group. It provides them a way to monetise the yacht when unused. 

The Group does not own or operate the yachts. As such, we do not foresee 

sustainability implications for this business segment.  

 

 




 

10 | P a g e 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

The Group prioritises sustainability at the Board level. Assisted by the Group Financial 

Controller and the respective properties’ General Managers, the CEO is responsible 

in leading and guiding the different business units in the implementation and 

management of sustainability measures. 

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the Group. 

The Board approves the material environmental, social and economic factors identified 

and ensures that the factors identified are well-managed and monitored.  

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and day-to-day 

operations by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our 2019 Annual Report for more 

information on corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

 

 


 

11 | P a g e 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

The Group believes that stakeholder engagement is integral to the building of a 

sustainable business. We review sustainability issues based on their materiality to 

stakeholders. We actively engage in meaningful and productive dialogue with our 

stakeholders and participate in various industry and government forums to keep 

abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially 

be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key stakeholders, 

engagement platforms and their key concerns.  

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

platforms 

Key concerns 

Read more in the 

following sections 

Members and 

Customers 

• 

Club website 

• 

Monthly 

magazines, 

Latitude &amp; 

Electronic Direct 

Mailer 

• 

Customer 

feedback 

• 

Safety  

• 

Engagement with 

members and quality 

of services 

• 

Our Members 

Employees 

• 

Performance 

appraisal system 

• 

Weekly HOD 

meetings 

• 

Internal 

communications, 

memos, reporting 

lines and functions 

• 

Employee health and 

safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff benefits 

• 

Ethics and conduct 

• 

Compliance with local 

labour laws 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Governments 

and Regulators 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Sustainability 

reports 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

• 

Compliance with 

regulatory and 

industry requirements  

• 

Environmental 

compliance  

• 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

• 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

• 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Community 

• 

Engagement in 

community 

services 

• 

Environmental impact 

• 

Social development 

• 

Environment 

• 

Contributions to Our 

Community 

Shareholders 

and investors 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Quarterly reports 

• 

Investor relations 

management 

• 

Annual general 

meetings 

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Compliance with 

government 

regulations 

• 

Profitability 

• 

Sustainability   

• 

Environmental 

Compliance  

• 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance  

• 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

 


 

12 | P a g e 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

This sustainability report is produced in accordance with the GRI Standards “Core” 

option, covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019.  

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics.  

The report also incorporates the report’s primary components as set out by the SGX’s 

“Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B. 

The Group has assessed that external assurance is not required. This report 

supplements the Group’s 2019 Annual Report. Detailed section reference with GRI 

Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report. 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impact on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

Each year, we use a structured process to select the report’s content and confirm its 

relevance and prominence, particularly in relation to the environment and society. Our 

2019 Sustainability Report focuses on key sustainability challenges of the Group and 

the respective action plans. We have maintained our sustainability management from 

FY2018 to include the protection of employee safety and welfare, the ecosystem, as 

well as community engagement. 

 

 

 


 

13 | P a g e 

 

Environment 

 

The Group has established a sustainable business model where we fulfil Asia’s 

demand for an all integrated marina lifestyle Club which includes F&amp;B outlets, 

accommodation and facilities.  

As a reputable developer of integrated marinas, ensuring high infrastructural and 

service quality and safety is our top priority. We incorporate sustainability in the design 

and construction of our marinas where feasible.  

We endeavour to reduce our carbon footprint, as well as effluents and waste in our 

operations, and we strictly comply with industry and local environmental laws and 

regulations. 

Climate and Hurricane Risk Management  

GRI 201-2 

We have implemented adequate environmental and safety measures at the marinas 

we own or manage (“Group marinas”) to achieve sustainable marina operations. 

Due to the nature and locality of our marina operations, we are aware of the disaster 

risks that we are exposed to as a result of climate change, such as more frequent and 

intense hurricanes, storms and tsunamis. As a result, we diligently review and update 

our due diligence checklist to manage climate and disaster risk. We conduct careful 

site selection and implement strict safety measures, such as dredging, building 

breakwaters and wave fences to provide wave protection for assets in our marina and 

the marine life. 

Other than climate risk, we face regulatory risks which arise from increasingly stringent 

government regulations on business activities that contribute to climate change. We 

believe that our environmental policies are steering us in the right direction to mitigate 

this risk as we work towards the development of a sustainable luxury business. 

Environmental Protection  

GRI 304-2, 304-3 

Environmental protection and preservation is inherent in our marina designs, and we 

strive to develop marinas that can operate sustainably, specifically in the areas of 

marine preservation and reduction of environmental impact.  

With more than 27% of the world’s coral reefs being destroyed, ONE°15 Marina is on 

a mission to go green and safeguard our beautiful marine biodiversity through the 

launch of the ONE°15 Marina – Seakeepers Asia Coral Garden project.  

In conjunction with the Tropical Marine Science Institute (“TMSI”) of National 

University of Singapore (“NUS”) and sponsors, namely The International SeaKeepers 

Society Asia, Audi Singapore and SC Global Developments, this project aims to 


 

14 | P a g e 

 

protect the marine ecosystem that surrounds our marina at Sentosa and to provide a 

natural habitat for existing sea life. This enables us to nurture an aquatic treasure trove 

for all to explore.  

As at April 2019, the TMSI team has effectively enhanced the coral gardens by 

transferring over 70 coral fragments onto the new seawall with an overall transplant 

survivorship of 91.1%. We actively monitor their growth and health, and most coral 

transplant recovered from the transplantation process with visible growth of up to twice 

their initial area. 

In August 2019, the team installed six (6) new nursery frames along the pontoons and 

transferred corals of opportunity (“COPs”) onto the new frames to improve the health 

and survivorship of the coral fragments. As of January 2020, 95 live coral fragments 

remained on the nursery frames and most had recovered from the fragmentation 

process and appeared healthy. 

Here are some photos of our coral garden: 

 

 

 

 

To further cultivate the ONE°15 Marina – Seakeepers Asia Coral Garden project and 

its community outreach, the Club invited members and partners to become Sponsors 

in the Plant-A-Coral-Today (“PACT”) initiative. The Group has achieved positive 

results in our biodiversity preservation programme and will continue to reduce the 

ecological impact of our operations on the surrounding ecosystem. 

Committed to doing our part for the environment, ONE°15 Marina organises annual 

marina clean-ups to remove marine trash which threatens maritime safety, degrades 

water quality, imperils marine life and people’s health, and has adverse effects on 

tourism and fishing. The marina clean-up in FY2019 saw over 100 land volunteers and 

divers who helped to remove 60kg of metal rubbish and 8kg of plastic trash.  












 

15 | P a g e 

 

In FY2019, we were accredited Marina Industry Association (“MIA”) International 

Clean Marina Level 4 Award (ISO 14001:2015) which is a clear testament of our efforts 

to protect our waterways.  

In addition to coral planting and marina clean-ups, the Group also encourages all staff 

to reduce the use of single-use plastic disposables and unnecessary packaging where 

possible. As a result, we replaced bottled water with glass jugs in our hotel rooms and 

switched from disposable toiletries to dispensers to save plastic. Our F&amp;B retailers 

have also switched to paper straws, takeaway containers and bags that are mostly 

biodegradable and eco-friendly.  

We will continue to be proactive in making a positive impact on the environment. 

Energy Management 

GRI 302-1, 302-4 

We are committed to managing energy usage in our operations at the Club. We 

constantly review and improve on our environmental conservation policies and values, 

and ensure that we operate in accordance to local environmental laws and regulations. 

We upgrade our equipment and facilities to increase energy efficiency in our daily 

operations, such as upgrading the air-conditioning system at hotel rooms and bistro 

restaurants and switched to light-emitting diode (“LED”) lights to increase energy 

efficiency. To reduce energy consumption, air-conditioning is kept at 24 degrees 

Celsius and all staff and guests are encouraged to switch off the lights and air-

conditioning when not in use. We also replaced the lights at the lift lobby and carpark 

with motion sensor lights to minimise energy wastage. 

In addition, we commenced the reconfiguration of pontoons in FY2019 to upgrade the 

energy efficiency of the power system and support real-time monitoring of energy 

consumption. As at the end of FY2019, 30% of the marina reconfiguration was 

completed and the remaining works are targeted to complete at the end of 2020. 

 

The Group regularly monitors the energy consumption at the Club and implements 

measures to effectively reduce energy usage, such as reviewing our operating hours 

to close one hour earlier on weekdays due to fewer customers to reduce resource 

6,576,054

6,529,106

0

1,000,000

2,000,000

3,000,000

4,000,000

5,000,000

6,000,000

7,000,000

FY2018

FY2019

kWh

Energy Consumption at the Club


 

16 | P a g e 

 

usage. The reduction in energy consumption from 6,576,054 kWh in FY2018 to 

6,529,106 kWh in FY2019 is a clear testament of our efforts to reduce our carbon 

footprint, and we endeavour to achieve a lower carbon footprint in FY2020.  

Water Management 

GRI 303-1 

Currently, all water consumed is sourced from Public Utilities Board (“PUB”) and our 

water consumption level is measured and monitored through two main water meters 

at the Club. Our managers are responsible for the proper implementation of these 

measures to minimise water wastage in our daily operations. Water pipes at the 

marina are regularly checked for water leakages into the seal, and we replaced old 

water pipes with new pipes to prevent leakages.  

To further reduce water consumption, we have increased the water efficiency of our 

facilities, such as changing the taps at most public areas to self-closing taps and fitting 

hoses with nozzles to prevent water from running.  

The reconfiguration of pontoons mentioned previously also included the installation of 

meters at important sections of the Marina to allow effective real-time monitoring of 

water consumption. The system will promptly alert our manager of any leak or water 

wastage and allow the water supply to be cut off remotely to stop water wastage 

immediately and to facilitate repair work. We also actively track the variance between 

water used and water sold to pontoons to detect possible leaks and water wastage.  

Effluents and Waste Management  

GRI 306-2, 306-5 

Given the nature and locality of the Club, we are aware of the potential risk of seawater 

contamination, and we endeavour to develop clean and green marina operations. We 

maintain high standards in the effluents and waste management at the marina, F&amp;B 

outlets and hotel, as inadequate control measures can result in water pollution and 

negative impacts on the surrounding ecosystem.  

We uphold stringent environmental standards to achieve ecological preservation and 

protection. All wastes and effluents are discharged into the sewage system and on-

site waste compacting equipment is used to optimise waste management. We also 

implement waste management measures such as reusing and recycling to reduce the 

overall amount of waste generated in our operations. We regularly evaluate our 

effluents and waste management standards and operating practices to ensure that 

there is an efficient management system in place, and that it strictly complies with local 

environmental laws and regulations. For instance, we collect engine oil disposed by 

yacht owners and filter the oil for recycling. In FY2019, 366 tonnes of non-hazardous 

waste was generated from our marina operations, 10% of the dry waste was reused 

and recycled, and we recycled an estimated amount of 2,000 litres of engine oil. The 

reduction in waste generation from 371.03 tonnes in FY2018 to 366 tonnes in FY2019 

is a clear testament of our waste management efforts. 


 

17 | P a g e 

 

Furthermore, we implement strict measures to mitigate the risk of spills and seawater 

pollution. In compliance with environmental laws, yacht owners who park at our berths 

are not allowed to discharge any dirty water into the sea. Instead, vessel discharges 

are pumped into our sewage treatment equipment to remove contaminants and 

produce treated wastewater that is safe for release into the environment. We monitor 

all vessel discharges to effectively manage effluents and detect possible spills or 

vessel discharge into the sea. We impose strict penalties on offenders who cause 

significant spills and provide wastewater pump discharge service to yacht owners to 

maintain water quality surrounding the yachts. There were zero spills recorded in 

FY2019. 

We will continue to improve on our waste and effluents management to ensure that 

there are no spills or waste disposed into the surrounding ecosystem.  

Environmental Compliance  

GRI 307-1 

In FY2019, there was no incident of environmental non-compliance at the Club. 

 

 


 

18 | P a g e 

 

Our Members 

 

ONE°15 Sentosa is replete with a comprehensive range of luxurious private club 

facilities and amenities catering to both members and non-members.  

The Group’s membership programme offers members and their family an enjoyable 

lifestyle with a level of exclusivity allowing interaction with like-minded people. Our 

members are entitled to access to club fitness and leisure programmes, exclusive 

member-only events as well as special privileges with a network of lifestyle and retail 

partners. 

We strive for zero food and physical safety incidents, which is achieved by the 

implementation of stringent safety standards. 

Customer Health and Safety  

GRI 203-2, 416-1, 416-2 

The Group prioritises the health and safety of our Club guests and patrons. To 

safeguard the physical safety of our guests, we have adequate safety policies and 

equipment in place to mitigate safety hazards. 

For instance, we installed locks at the back of house so guests can only enter from the 

front of house, thus safeguarding guests from unwanted entry. We also promote pool 

safety awareness by posting “No Diving” signs and closing the pool at 9pm to prevent 

pool accidents. We added reflective tapes on the pool steps to mitigate trip hazards.  

In addition, we have stepped up on our camera and surveillance system to ensure a 

safe and secure environment for guests. Presently, we are utilising higher-definition 

CCTV cameras at the Club and have achieved 100% closed-circuit television cameras 

(“CCTV cameras”) coverage at the marina to enhance marina safety and prevent acts 

of vandalism or potential crimes to the marina property or boats we house. We have 

introduced CCTV cameras that cover all the blind spots at the Club, such as the rooftop, 

staircase landings and back of house. The Club’s Security Officers constantly undergo 

Security training to upgrade their skills and knowledge. For instance, they attended 

the “Recognise Terrorist Threats” (“RTT”) course to keep abreast of the skills and 

knowledge to recognise terrorist risks and threats. With the advancement of our 

surveillance and security systems, we can readily respond to any safety and security 

issue at the Club.  

The Group invested in a comprehensive management system to improve security 

management and efficiency of our marina management. We will continue to implement 

innovative measures and solutions to further optimise our marina management and 

improve our marina services for our clients. 

To ensure that our marina safety is in line with industry regulations, the Group’s 

policies strictly comply with the standards of MIA, a trade association of the marina 


 

19 | P a g e 

 

industry in Australia for managers and operators of marinas. We have implemented 

adequate safety control measures to provide our customers with the necessary health 

and safety precautions, including rescue ladders, life boats, slippery signs, first-aid 

and “no swimming” signs. We provide safety boats in all sea activities and conduct 

safety briefings before all events.  

We will continue to uphold our safety practices and regularly maintain our safety 

equipment to ensure that we are well prepared for any health and safety risk that our 

customers may be exposed to.  

Other than preventing physical hazards, we implement stringent food hygiene and 

safety standards. Our F&amp;B outlets are required to strictly comply with our food hygiene 

standards to ensure the quality and safety of food served. Our food hygiene policies 

include proper food storage, food handling and preparation practices, and all staff must 

be certified with Food Handlers’ License under Singapore Food Agency (“SFA”). 

Other than managing the food hygiene practices of our employees, we also implement 

proper procurement practices and we evaluate our food suppliers based on the 

freshness and quality of their products, as well as the timeliness of their delivery. This 

is to ensure the freshness and quality of the food we serve, so as to safeguard the 

food safety for our patrons and hotel guests. 

In light of the recent step up in enforcement actions and inspections on food service 

operators, we are pleased to report that all F&amp;B outlets in ONE°15 Sentosa Cove have 

maintained a SFA grading of “A” in FY2019. Furthermore, in compliance with new SFA 

requirements, ONE°15 Sentosa Cove has implemented the Food Safety Management 

System (“FSMS”), which is a preventative approach towards identifying, preventing 

and reducing food-borne hazards to ensure that food is safe for consumption. Our 

Executive Chef has achieved the FSMS training course certification, which required 

us to ensure that spoilage and cross contamination are prevented at all stages from 

food handling to food storage.  

In addition, we constantly highlight to our F&amp;B and hotel staff the importance of 

practising safety measures such as fire safety, and we periodically review the safety 

polices and maintain the safety equipment to safeguard the physical safety of our hotel 

guests and patrons. We have implemented an adequate Emergency Response Plan 

(“ERP”) in case of emergencies to establish a systematic and orderly evacuation plan 

and ensure everyone’s safety in the event of fire. In compliance with evacuation 

guidelines under Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”), we conduct biannual fire 

evacuation drills and regular security patrols to prepare ourselves for any possible 

safety and security incidents. 

During FY2019, there was no major incident of non-compliance with customer health 

and safety regulations. 


 

20 | P a g e 

 

Sustainable Membership 

GRI 203-2 

Under the membership programme, our members have the privilege to access an 

extensive network of affiliate and associate clubs spanning 23 cities worldwide.  

Our membership programme also allows members to enjoy access to all ONE°15 

Marinas worldwide, including ONE°15 Marina Brooklyn, USA, the upcoming ONE°15 

Marina Puteri Harbour, Malaysia, Indonesia Navy Club Operated by ONE°15 Marina 

and ONE°15 Marina Suzhou, China, subjected to terms and conditions. 

Our new Customs, Immigration &amp; Quarantine (“CIQ”) facility commenced operations 

on 15 June 2019, making us Singapore’s first private marina with a CIQ facility. The 

CIQ facility offers an alternative immigration point, which has helped to ease traffic at 

the facility at Sisters’ Island especially during busy periods. We also offer CIQ online 

booking for boaters’ convenience. The CIQ facility enables ONE°15 Marina Sentosa 

Cove Singapore to be the centre of all boating activities. As such, it gives us a 

competitive advantage and gives our boaters more convenience and a better yachting 

experience. We have engaged an armed Auxiliary Police Officer (“APO”) from Certis 

Cisco at the Club for CIQP duties to further ensure safety and security at the marina. 

We will work closely with all relevant government agencies and strictly comply with all 

known CIQP, security and related requirements to make this a smooth sailing ride for 

all.  

Our members are of utmost importance to us, and the Group strives to add value to 

our members and keep them satisfied and engaged. We organise monthly events to 

engage members and encourage them to visit the club. We held 36 events in FY2019, 

which was a significant increase from the 14 events held in FY2018. These events, 

organised exclusively for members, included networking events, salsa lessons and 

sailing trips to nearby islands and countries to engage and benefit our members. We 

achieved an average of 80% participation rate for our membership activities in FY2019. 

We will continue to actively engage with our members to further improve the quality of 

our activities, so as to make their membership journey enjoyable and fruitful.  

 

 






 

21 | P a g e 

 

In September 2019, the Group has begun selling memberships for its upcoming 

marina club at Puteri Harbour of Iskandar Puteri in Iskandar Malaysia, Johor. This will 

improve the sustainability of our global membership programme, as members will get 

to enjoy exclusive membership privileges across the marina clubs worldwide under 

the prestigious ONE°15 brand, including special member rates for hotels and meeting 

rooms, preferential berthing rates, club amenities and signature member events. 

In addition to membership activities and initiatives, the Group actively organises and 

participates in interesting events to engage with the public and increase our brand 

awareness and recognition. In FY2019, ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove was the venue 

host for the finale of Super League Triathlon 2019. The event was telecasted live on 

international sports channels and consisted of 50 professional triathletes from 18 

different countries competing for a prize purse of $1.5million. We also organised the 

Singapore Yacht Show (9th edition) in April 2019, which was a spectacular maritime 

showcase at ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove that attracted more than 15,000 attendees 

and over 100 exhibitors. The event featured 60 luxury lifestyle programs and a 

dazzling line-up of 90 yachts on water from superyachts to other nautical marvels. In 

November 2019, we held the ONE15 Christmas Boat Light Parade, which was 

Singapore’s only and largest parade of decorated boats, featuring captivating boat 

displays, carnival tree light-up, members’ cruise, roving entertainment, games and 

rides, lucky draw and the first ever Sentosa Island Lights.  

 

 

Singapore Yacht Show 






 

22 | P a g e 

 

 

Super League Triathlon 2019 

 

ONE15 Christmas Boat Light Parade 

We will continue to organise more enriching and interesting events for the benefit of 

our members and the public. 

 

 






 

23 | P a g e 

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

The Group is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of our staff. We 

value and compensate fairly based on the contributions of all our staff, and treat 

everyone equally with respect.  

Our Workforce  

GRI 401-1, 405-1 

The Group does not discriminate against gender or age in staff employment. In 

FY2019, our total staff strength stood at 177 employees. A total of 47 employees were 

hired, equivalent to a new hire rate of 26.5%. 

 

Our diversified and vibrant workforce has given us a competitive edge. The Group’s 

female staff are well-represented at the management level, with an almost equal 

proportion of males and females at a ratio of 1:1. 

Occupational Health and Safety  

GRI 403-2 

The Group has always been safety-oriented, and we ensure that our safety policies 

and principles are strictly implemented. We fully comply with local labour laws and 

regulations and strive to develop a positive safety culture. Our F&amp;B and hotel staff are 

required to go through proper safety training on safety policies and wear proper 

protective equipment, and we periodically review safety risks and implement 

corresponding safety measures to ensure workplace health and safety.  

There are staff who are first-aid trained and first-aid boxes present at every outlet. We 

also have adequate fire safety measures in place, such as ensuring the sufficiency of 

fire extinguishers in the premises. 

15.4%

23.1%

46.2%

7.7%

7.7%

61.5%

30.8%

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Management

Male

Female

22.0%

37.2%

9.1%

16.5%

13.4%

1.8%

38.4%

50.6%

11.0%

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Staff

Male

Female


 

24 | P a g e 

 

In addition, we have appointed a Health and Safety Officer to perform checks on health 

and safety controls to ensure that our marinas are always a safe working environment 

for our employees. In the event of works being performed on the marina, risk 

assessments are in place to identify potential health and safety hazards, and 

necessary measures are implemented to control the hazards and mitigate the risks. 

In FY2019, excluding minor first-aid level injuries, there was one incident of minor 

occupational injury that led to seven (7) man-days lost. There was no incident of work-

related fatality.  

Employee Benefits 

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-1, 404-2, 404-3, 405-2 

The Group ensures that our employees are rewarded with competitive benefits and 

wages in line with industry standards. We implement a merit-based remuneration 

system and strongly believe in equal work for equal pay. Annual performance 

appraisals are conducted for all staff to ensure that they are compensated fairly, based 

on their performance and contributions.  

We believe that upgrading the knowledge and skills of our employees is key to the 

development of our business. We regularly send our staff for training programmes that 

are relevant to their roles, including Personal Data Protection Act Training, 

Occupational First Aid and Automated External Defibrillators (“AED”) courses, Halal 

Foundation Programme, Digital Marketing in Hospitality course, Respond to Fire and 

Hazardous Materials (“Hazmat”) Emergency Training and Operate Forklift course. We 

also go the extra mile and send our staff for corporate dressing and personal grooming 

courses to create the appropriate professional image. In FY2019, our employees have 

attended various training amounting to a total of 1,140 training hours of learning and 

development for continuous improvement.  

In addition, all employees are entitled to a range of benefits that is illustrated in the 

tables below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Eligible staff is entitled to Maternity and Paternity Leave where applicable. In FY2019, 

a total of 5 employees took Parental Leave. 

 

•Group Hospital and Surgical 

Insurance

•Group Major Medical insurance

•Group Clinical Outpatient 

insurance

•Group Term Life insurance

•Workmen Compensation 

insurance

Group Insurance



•Specialist Claim

•Dental Claim

Medical Claims




 

25 | P a g e 

 

Contributions to Our Community 

 

The Group believes that contributing to the society and communities where we operate 

in is one of our top priorities. We endeavour to enhance the lives of people and do our 

best to give back to the community. 

Ethics and Integrity 

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 

The Group strictly forbids any form of corruption in the course of business. All 

employees and associates are informed and educated on the Group’s anti-corruption 

policies and zero tolerance against corruption.  

The Group recognises that the exchange of business courtesies, such as modest gifts, 

and entertainment (including meals and invitations to attend promotional events or 

parties) particularly during festive periods is customary and legitimate to create 

goodwill, and/or strengthen business and commercial relationships. Such courtesies 

are allowed if they are not lavish in light of accepted business practices of the relevant 

businesses that the Group operates in and is not intended to improperly influence the 

decisions of the person(s) involved.  

Any of the Group’s employees who observes or suspects that another employee or 

anyone else may be acting in contravention of this policy has an obligation to report it. 

All such concerns may be reported to the Human Resource (“HR”) department or the 

management if required.  

All gifts and benefits received from vendors are required to be reported and handed 

over to HR.  

There was no reported incident of corruption in FY2019. 

Corporate Social Responsibility  

GRI 413-1 

In FY2019, the Group organised and participated in various community engagement 

programmes and sponsorships. 

The Johor Bahru International Women’s Association (“IWA”) hosted a silent auction 

during its Charity Gala Dinner on 12 October 2019. ONE°15 Marina Puteri Harbour 

sponsored a two-hour yacht experience for 10 people for the auction, which is a worthy 

cause as the proceeds go to local charities and the community. 

On 28 September 2019, ONE°15 Brooklyn Marina hosted the annual "Rocking the 

Boat" Manhattan charity event, which raised a total of $441,545 to benefit youths in 

the South Bronx. “Rocking the Boat” empowers young people from the South Bronx 

to develop self-confidence, set ambitious goals, and gain the skills necessary to 

achieve them. Students work together to build wooden boats, learn to row and sail, 

and restore local urban waterways, revitalising their community while creating better 

lives for themselves. 


 

26 | P a g e 

 

Committed to doing our part for the environment and engaging the community, we 

celebrated our 12th anniversary with a meaningful Eco Day Carnival and Marina Clean-

up on 8 September 2019. The Eco Day Carnival featured upcycling workshops, booths 

selling eco-friendly items ranging from daily necessities to apparel, and food stalls 

offering vegan ImpossibleTM Meat that result in a lower carbon footprint than normal 

meat. Through this eco-themed family carnival, we helped to raise environmental 

awareness among the participants who learned how to reduce, reuse and recycle with 

upcycling workshops and engaging activities. 

 

 

ONE°15 Marina Clean Up  

 

 

         Eco Day Carnival 

 

Johor Bahru International Women’s Association Charity Gala Dinner   

Protecting Customer Privacy and Data  

GRI 418-1 

The Group takes utmost care in protecting our customers’ privacy and data and we 

act in strict compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act (2012). There were no 

reported breaches in FY2019. 

Socioeconomic Compliance  

GRI 419-1 

We strictly comply with social and economic regulations where we operate. There was 

no incident of serious non-compliance with social and economic laws and regulations 

in FY2019.  














 

27 | P a g e 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N Primary Component  

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies, Practices and Performance  ▪ 

CEO’s Message 

▪ 

Our Sustainability Story 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index  

GRI Standards  Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Our Workforce 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

CEO’s Message, Our 

Sustainability Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change  

Climate and Hurricane 

Risk Management 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Customer Health and 

Safety 

Sustainable 

Membership 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Ethics and Integrity  

205-2 

Communication and training on anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity  


 

28 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Ethics and Integrity  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Energy Management  

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy Management  

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Water Management 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, and services 

on biodiversity 

Environmental 

Protection 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

Environmental 

Protection 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Effluents and Waste 

Management 

306-5 

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or 

runoff 

Effluents and Waste 

Management 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental 

Compliance 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Our Workforce 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

Employee Benefits  

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Benefits 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Employee Benefits 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programmes 

Employee Benefits 

404-3 

Regular Performance and Career Development 

Review 

Employee Benefits 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Workforce 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to 

men 

Employee Benefits 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programmes 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories 

Customer Health and 

Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impact of products and services 

Customer Health and 

Safety 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Protecting Customer 

Privacy and Data 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

