
 

 

 

 

 



SYSMA HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 


1 

 

C 

on\C  

 

Page 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2 

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 

3 

ABOUT US 

4 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY 

8 

GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 

8 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

9 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

10 

Economic Performance 

11 

Anti-Corruption 

12 

Our Employees 

13 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

16 



CONTENTS 


2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This is the maiden sustainability report of Sysma Holdings Limited (“Sysma”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”, or “We”), prepared in accordance with Rules 

711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option 

and its reporting principles.  

 

We have adopted the internationally-recognised GRI reporting framework, which sets 

the benchmark on the disclosure of governance approach, and the environmental, 

social and economic performance aspects of an organisation. This report is not 

subjected to any external assurance.  

 

Scope of this Report 

This report covers the sustainability performance of our operations in Singapore for 

the financial year ended 31 July 2018 (“FY2018”). This report captures the Group’s 

sustainable business operations and practices whilst highlighting the Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) and economic performance of our operations and 

developments. Through active engagement with our stakeholders, our Group has 

picked a total of 3 sustainability topics which have been identified as the most 

important to our stakeholders and our business. 

 

This report is provided in PDF format only and is available for download on our website 

at www.sysma.com.sg. 

 

Report Contact and Feedback  

We welcome and value your suggestions or feedback on the content of this report, 

you can contact us through the following channels:  

 Our designated email contact: sysma@sysma.com.sg 

 

 Write in to us at: 

Blk 2 Balestier Rd 

#03-669 Balestier Hill Shopping Centre 

Singapore 320002 

 

 

 


3 

 

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 

 

Dear valued shareholders, 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“BOD”, or the 

“Board”), I am delighted to present to you Sysma’s 

maiden sustainability report.  

 

This report highlights the material ESG factors, which 

have been identified as the most important to our 

business and stakeholders, and our strategy in 

managing these issues. 

 

We recognise the importance of sustainability in 

creating long term value for our stakeholders. This 

report is a testament of our commitment in keeping 

our practices and the processes of our business 

sustainable.  

 

As a dynamic and visionary organisation, our strategy 

is to build diversity into our business with a particular 

focus on sustainability, while continually building new 

paths of growth.  

 

We are committed to communicate our sustainability 

efforts and refine our reporting approach as these 

material topics becomes better assessed and in 

accordance with global standards.  

 

Thank you. 

 

 

Sin Soon Teng 

Executive Chairman &amp; Group CEO  




4 

 

ABOUT US 

Sysma Holdings Limited was founded in 1986, with our principal activity focused on 

providing building construction services to the private sector in Singapore, and since 

2013, we have also ventured into property development. The Group was listed on the 

Catalist Board of the SGX-ST on 3 August 2012.  

 

Our impressive and diverse track record is attributable to more than 300 projects 

comprising of building residential, commercial, heritage and conservation, institutional, 

industrial buildings and educational institutions.  

 

The Group’s projects for buildings are focused on constructing high end landed 

housing (especially Good Class Bungalows) and executing addition and alteration 

works on landed and other properties in Singapore which require high quality 

furnishings and fittings. To date, the Group has constructed more than 150 bungalows 

in Singapore, of which 29 are located in one of the world’s most prestigious integrated 

oceanfront marina residential communities, Sentosa Cove.  

 

With more than 30 years of experience in the construction industry, we have built a 

solid reputation for our technical expertise and strong project management skills. This 

has led us in achieving various awards and certification for our business. The Group 

holds strongly to three principles for our business, namely, to achieve a high level of 

quality for our developments, complete our projects on time and efficiently deliver all 

our projects.  

 

Building Projects 

 

 

We are the main contractor in the building 

projects we undertake. These projects 

comprise of new construction, addition and 

alteration works on existing buildings, as 

well as refurbishment and upgrading of 

existing buildings.  

 

Property Development 

 

 

In the financial year ended 31 July 2013, 

Sysma embarked on a new phase in our 

business, 

diversifying 

into 

real 

estate 

development. We have since successfully 

launched three private residential projects, 

namely 28 RC Suite, 8M Residences and 

Charlton 18. 

 

 






5 

 

ABOUT US (Cont’d) 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

 

Sysma Holdings Limited

100% 

Sysma Properties Pte. Ltd.

60%

GCAP Properties Pte. Ltd.

100%

Sysma Construction Pte. 

Ltd.

100%

North Shore Investments Pte. Ltd.

100% 

Goodtrade Holdings Pte. Ltd.

100%

Sysma Capital Pte. Ltd.

100%

Sysma Capital One Pte. Ltd.

(f.k.a. Coastline Pte. Ltd.)

100%

East Development Pte. Ltd.

100%

De Paradiso Development Pte. 

Ltd.

100%

Sysma Land Pte. Ltd.


6 

 

ABOUT US (Cont’d) 

Supply Chain Management 

With the strong presence that we have established in the building construction industry, 

good relationships and strong linkages with reputable consultants, sub-contractors, 

vendors, suppliers and other industry professionals were built and maintained through 

the years.  

We strive to pass on responsible business practices to our large network of sub-

contractors, suppliers and industry partners, thereby creating a supply chain that is 

responsible and sustainable. We aim to help these parties involved in our supply chain 

to make a positive impact on their sustainability performance through identifying new 

collaboration methods. 

We exercise prudence in selecting our key vendors, subcontractors and suppliers, 

using the stringent supplier selection process that we have established, our vendors, 

subcontractors and suppliers are screened and qualified in accordance with the 

standards laid out. We review factors such as industry track record, reputation and 

certifications, subcontractors with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 

certifications are also preferred. The Group also ensures that our supply chain 

partners comply with local, environmental, health and safety rules and regulations. We 

continuously evaluate our subcontractors and suppliers with the criteria set out in the 

selection policy and procedure.  

Active engagement with our key suppliers is done on a regular basis to align our 

requirements and expectations with them, thereby ensuring sufficient resources being 

obtained and seamless execution of our operations.  

 

 

 


7 

 

ABOUT US (Cont’d) 

Awards and Accolades 

The awards and accolades is a testament of the Group’s performance in this industry 

and our commitment to environmental and safety management.  

Awards/Achievements 

Year Awarded 

ISO 9001:2018 and SS ISO 9001:2008 Certificate of 

Registration (Quality Management System) – for Design 

Management and Building Construction Services  

 

Since 1996 

OHSAS 

18000:2007 

Certificate 

of 

Registration 

(Occupational Health and Safety Management) – for 

Building Construction Services 

 

Since 2006 

bizSAFE STAR Certificate 

Since 2009 

 

Architectural Heritage Awards 

1995 

2000 

2005 

 

Construction Excellence Awards for the following 

projects: 

- 

Pasir View Park Condominium (Merit) 

- 

Central Mall – Erection of a five (5) Storey Building 

&amp; Conservation of Existing Building (Merit) 

- 

Four (4) Units of High Class Bungalows at Ridout 

Road (Merit) 

- 

The 

Glencaird 

Residences 

(Construction 

Excellence) 

 

 

 

1996 

1999 

 

 

2001 

 

2001 

ISO 

14001: 

2004SSISO 

14001:2004 

Certificate 

of 

Registration (Environmental Management System) - for 

Building &amp; Civil Engineering Construction Services 

 

Since  2012 

Green and Gracious Builder 

2015 

 


8 

 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY 

At Sysma Holdings Limited, sustainability is addressed at the highest level, namely, 

our Board of Directors. The Board is primarily responsible for the Group’s long-term 

success, through the leadership role it plays in Sysma, from formulation to the 

seamless execution of business strategies. The Board has considered sustainability 

issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the ESG factors and overseen 

the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors.  

Our Group has taken conscientious efforts to actively seek the opinion of our 

stakeholders either in an informal or formal way. We aspire to understand the needs 

and expectations of our key stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial 

relationships. Through our proactive engagement, key ESG factors have been 

identified and included within this report.  

 

GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 

Sound corporate governance is paramount in enhancing transparency and protecting 

the interest of our shareholders, and bolstering shareholders’ confidence in our 

management system and financial reporting. Sysma emphasises on accountability, 

transparency, ethical conduct and good corporate governance. We adopt the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 issued by the Monetary 

Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and the disclosure guide established by SGX-ST.  

The Board assumes responsibility in establishing a framework of prudent and effective 

controls which enables risks to be assessed and managed, while ensuring compliance 

with the provision of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore and the rules and 

regulations of the relevant regulatory bodies. 

Our Group has implemented a Code of Conduct which provides clear guidelines for 

professional workplace behaviour and ethical business conduct, ensuring that each 

employee observe the highest standard of integrity and professional conduct. 

Sysma has also put in place a Whistle Blowing Policy to encourage reporting in good 

faith of suspected reportable conduct by establishing clearly defined processes 

through which such reports may be made with confidence that employees and other 

persons making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, protected 

from reprisal. Further details of the Whistle Blowing Policy can be found on page 12 

of this report.  

 


9 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Our efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key 

stakeholders, which includes our customers, employees, regulators, suppliers and 

shareholders. The continuous engagement process allows stakeholders to 

communicate their perception and expectation of the Group’s sustainability efforts.  

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Channel 

Customers 

We encourage our customers to provide their feedback 

through channels such as completing the contractor’s 

performance assessment track record form from BCA or 

through our Company’s website, calls or walk-ins. Feedback 

obtained is reviewed and relevant follow-up actions are 

performed to improve customer satisfaction. 

 

Employees 

We interact with our employees through regular employee 

feedback sessions, emails and annual performance 

appraisal conducted. Our senior management also holds 

regular communication sessions with employees for 

effective flow of information and alignment of business goals 

across all business functions.  

 

Regulators 

We participate in regular seminars organised by key 

regulatory bodies.  

 

Supply chain – 

Vendors, 

Subcontractors, 

Suppliers 

We build a close working relationship with our suppliers to 

ensure a smooth delivery of products. All business units will 

feedback on the suppliers to ensure that standards of 

products or services delivered are maintained. We engage 

our suppliers through email, supplier evaluation, regular 

meetings held and telecommunications.  

 

Shareholders 

We communicate our financial performance on a timely 

basis, through announcements on SGX-ST’s website, our 

Company’s website, annual general meetings, annual 

reports, and other channels such as business publications 

and investors’ relation events. 

 

 

Going forward, we will continue to find the most effective communication channels 

for interacting with our stakeholders and to expand our engagement to include the 

local community. 

 

 


10 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

The selection of material topics have been done through active stakeholder 

engagement. During the process, our stakeholders and us have prioritised the issues 

relevant to our business and those that have a direct bearing on own operations. 

 

 

Sustainability Topics: 

1. Economic performance 

2. Anti-Corruption 

3. Our employees 

 

The Group is dedicated to improving our performance in the areas identified and will 

reassess the topics on an annual basis and ensure relevance of these topics to our 

business.  

 

 

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Importance to external stakeholders

Importance to internal stakeholders

Anti-Corruption 

Economic Performance 

Our employees 


11 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

Despite the backdrop of a challenging economic outlook, our Group is pleased to 

report a net profit of S$4.3 million in FY2018. The Group’s revenue in FY2018 was 

approximately 22.7% lower than the revenue recorded in FY2017, mainly due to lower 

contribution from the construction projects which have been substantially sold. 

However, the decrease was partially offset by higher contribution from the Group’s 

Charlton 18 property development project.  

During FY2018, the Group’s construction business remained stable, as we were able 

to execute and deliver our order book on a timely basis. The Group also managed to 

secure a contract amounting to S$37.7 million in the second half of FY2018 and a 

further S$18.6 million since the start of the financial year ending 31 July 2019. Our 

residential units at our three property development projects have also been fully sold 

and all three projects have obtained their Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP). 

Going forward, we will continue to grow both our business segments as we explore 

local and overseas property development projects to augment our portfolio and 

continually look out for opportunities which will create long term value for our 

stakeholders.  

The following is a snapshot of our financial performance for the last two financial years: 

 

FY2018 

(S$’000) 

FY2017 

(S$’000) 

Revenue 

75,152 

97,172 

Net profit attributable to shareholders 

4,275 

7,893 

Total Debt/Total Equity Ratio 

0.53 

1.31 

Net Assets 

53,767 

54,274 

Earnings Per Share (cents in S$) 

1.59 

3.19 

 

Please refer to our Group’s Annual Report 2018, for a detailed breakdown on our 

FY2018 financial performance.  

 

 


12 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Anti-Corruption 

Sysma has zero-tolerance for corruption. Our Group’s Corporate Governance Policy 

also outlines the roles and responsibilities of employees to ensure compliance. The 

Board is responsible for implementing processes and controls to reduce the risk of 

corruption and ensure compliance of the Group’s standards are met throughout the 

organisation, as well as all relevant local laws and regulations. 

A Whistle Blowing Policy has been developed and established to encourage reporting 

in good faith of suspected reportable conduct by establishing clearly defined 

processes through which such reports may be made with confidence that employees 

and other persons making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, 

protected from reprisal.  

The Whistle Blowing Policy has been approved by the Group’s Audit Committee (“AC”) 

and the AC takes ultimate responsibility in ensuring an independent investigation of 

any of such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions to be taken. All whistle 

blowing reports will be addressed to the Chairman of the AC, and details of the policy 

have been disseminated to all employees.  

During FY2018, the Audit Committee did not receive any whistle blowing reports. The 

Group continues to strive to maintain the corruption free business by continually re-

enforcing to our employees our zero tolerance on corruption. The Group’s target for 

the next financial year and beyond is to continue to achieve zero confirmed cases of 

corruption and zero non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. 


13 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Our employees 

Our human capital is at the heart of our drive for success as it is our most valuable 

asset. We honor fair employment practices and invest in the training and development 

of our workforce. We aspire to create a motivated workforce, attract and retain the 

talented ones and grow the competences of our workforce.   

We embrace workplace diversity and our workforce comprise of employees from 

different walks of life, including different age groups, ethnicity, religion, gender group 

and marital status.  We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce will bring about 

a more enriching perspective in the workplace. The following charts and tables display 

the profile of our vibrant workforce: 

 

 

In FY2018, of the 20 employees in senior management or managerial level, 4 are 

women, representing 20% of our workforce. Of the 227 employees in the non-

managerial level, 21 are women representing 9.25% of our workforce. Female 

employees account for 10.1% of the Group’s total workforce. The nature of our 

industry attracts more male than female candidates, which explains the gender 

disparity in our workforce. Management acknowledge the importance of having a 

balanced gender workforce, thus we are motivated to work towards employing more 

female candidates in our senior management and managerial level positions. 

16

206

222

4

21

25

0

50

100

150

200

250

Senior Management

and Managerial

Non Managerial

Total

Number of Employees

Categories of Employees

FY 2018 Workforce by Gender

Female

Male


14 

 

 

The age profile of our workforce consists of 52 employees under 30 years old 

representing 21.1% of the total workforce, 134 between the ages 30 to 50 years old 

representing 54.2%, and 61 employees above the age of 50 years, representing 24.7% 

of the total workforce. Management is of the view that the Group has a balanced mix 

of youth and experienced in our workforce and will continue to ensure the same going 

forward. 

 

New Hires and Resigned Employees in FY2018 

 

0

52

52

9

125

134

11

50

61

0

50

100

150

Senior Management and Managerial

Non Managerial

Total

Number of Employees

Categories of Employees

FY 2018 Workforce by Age Group

&gt; 50 years old

30 - 50 years old

&lt; 30 years old

3

7

0

0

5

10

15

20

&lt; 30 years

old

30 to 50

years old

&gt; 50 years

old

Number of Employees

New Hires

8

16

6

0

5

10

15

20

&lt; 30 years old 30 to 50 years

old

&gt; 50 years old

Number of Employees

Resignees


15 

 

In FY2018, a total of 10 new employees joined the Group, while 30 employees 

resigned during the same period. The new hires were mostly for existing positions. 

The decrease in the workforce is in line with the reduction in the Group’s turnover in 

FY2018 as compared with FY2017. Sysma is constantly trying to retain quality 

employees by offering attractive remuneration and benefits, training, and career 

development. The Group also has procedures in place such as exit-interviews to 

understand the reasons for our employees’ resignation and receive constructive 

feedback. 

 

Employment Policy 

The Group has established an Employment policy and management principles which 

cover key areas such as employee recruitment and selection, remuneration and 

benefits, performance appraisals, career training and development, workplace safety 

and cessation of employment. The established policy is communicated to all 

employees through our Employee Handbook which is regularly reviewed by 

Management. In our efforts to align our employee’s objectives and our business 

objective, we constantly seek feedback from our employees and ensure that their 

needs and expectations are taken into consideration and valued. We exercise open 

communication throughout our business functions, together with the annual 

performance appraisal conducted.  Each employee is assessed on a merit-based 

approach, and they are provided with equal career advancement opportunities. 

 

Workplace Condition 

We strive to ensure compliance with all applicable labour laws where we operate and 

continuous monitoring is carried out to ensure that there are no non-compliance with 

the relevant laws. All obligatory labour laws and training requirements stipulated by 

the Building and Construction Authority, Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) or any other 

relevant regulatory bodies are also complied with. In addition, we ensure that our 

construction workers are provided with sufficient rest between the different shifts of 

work. Where workers’ accommodations are provided, the quality and condition of 

these quarters are inspected regularly to ensure the compliance with the relevant 

requirements and regulations of MOM.  

 

Moving forward, the Group will continue to adopt the industry’s best practices to 

maintain our competitive position. The target for the next financial year is to maintain 

zero non-compliance with the relevant labour laws and regulations. 

 

 

 


16 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Core 

option.  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if any 

General Disclosures 

Organisation 

Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters  

Page 4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form  

Page 4 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 13 – 15 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers  

Page 13 – 15 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Page 6 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None  

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach  

Precautionary 

102-12 

External initiatives (Social initiatives) 

 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 3 

Ethics 

and 

Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 - 7 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 8 and our 

Annual Report 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 9 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Page 2 and our 

Annual Report 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 10 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable as 

this is our first 

report 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as 

this is our first 

report 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Page 2 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 16 - 17 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 2 

 

 


17 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX (CONT’D) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if any 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

Management 

Approach 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 11 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Anti-Corruption 

Management 

Approach 

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Anti-

Corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Employment 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 13 - 15 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees 

401-3 

Parental leave 

 

