


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




2

Chairman’s Message 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3

 

Organisational Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4

 

Teckwah’s Sustainability Story 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

9

 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

 

 

 

 

10

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

 

 

 

 

 

11

 

Reporting Practice  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12

 

Logistics 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13

 

 

Sustainable Logistics Solutions  

 

 

 

 

13

 

 

Waste Management  

 

 

 

 

 

 

14

 

 

Sustainable Supply Chain  

 

 

 

 

 

15

 

 

Environmental and Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 

15

 

Packaging Printing  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

16

 

 

Innovation and Excellence 

 

 

 

 

 

16

 

 

Sustainable Packaging Printing Solutions 

 

 

 

16

 

 

Sustainable Materials 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17

 

 

Waste Management  

 

 

 

 

 

 

17

 

 

Sustainable Supply Chain  

 

 

 

 

 

18

 

 

Environmental and Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 

19

 

Energy and Emissions Management 

 

 

 

 

 

20

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

22

 

Employee Health and Safety 

 

 

 

 

 

22

 

Employee Diversity  

 

 

 

 

 

 

23

 

Employee Benefits 

 

 

 

 

 

 

24

 

Employee Development 

 

 

 

 

 

 

24

Our Community 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

25

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

 

 

 

 

 

27

GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

 

 

28




3



Welcome to the Sustainability Report of 

Teckwah Industrial Corporation Ltd (“the 

Group” or “Teckwah”). We are proud to 

share with you our sustainability efforts 

and performance from 1 January 2019 to 

31 December 2019 (“FY2019” or “the  

reporting period”).

Teckwah is committed towards 

improving our sustainability 

performance and productivity. We have 

been investing in production equipment 

and hardware, integration and upgrade 

of software systems and upskilling of 

workforce. We endeavour to achieve 

the implementation of sustainable and 

leading-edge technologies to produce 

quality packaging and printed products 

in a responsible manner. Our logistics 

solutions serve to help our clients 

achieve their sustainability goals and 

increase their operational productivity.

At Teckwah, we are committed to 

sustainable business practices and aim 

to maximise the positive impact of our 

businesses on society while minimising 

its effect on the environment. We will 

continue our efforts in carrying out 

our Packaging Printing and Logistics 

operations in an environmentally 

sustainable manner. We constantly 

review our environmental policies and 

performance to ensure that  

our environmental risks are  

effectively mitigated. 

On behalf of the Board, I would like to 

express my gratitude to our clients, 

business partners and shareholders 

for their unwavering support. We look 

forward to your continual support as 

we strive to develop a more sustainable 

environment for all.

Dear Stakeholders,

Chairman’s 

Message

Thomas Chua Kee Seng

Chairman and Managing Director






4



Organisation 

Profile

Teckwah began as a humble producer of plain packaging boxes back in 1968 in Singapore. We have since evolved 

to become a trusted brand to business owners who seek to visually communicate their products through packaging. 

Teckwah listed on Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System (“SESDAQ”) on 24 

March 1994 and the Mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange on 5 May 2003.

Our full suite of supply chain solutions include Packaging Printing, Logistics and Lifestyle solutions. Our expertise 

stem from packaging printing stage to delivery and after care support allowing us to customise, localise or globalise 

our offerings to suit customer needs regardless of their industry.

Logistics

Our Logistics business segment caters to the needs of global brands that require demand chain logistics and 

specialist aftermarket services across Asia Pacific. Coupled with established knowledge and local way of operating, 

we assist brands to navigate the cultural, regulatory and customs complexities.

Our demand chain logistics solutions take a methodical approach to handle logistical complexities of the 

customer. Be it enabling a reliable final mile experience or configuring variable racking options to address storage 

requirements, our demand chain solutions provide the assurance end customers want and a peace of mind brand 

owners need.

In addition, our aftermarket logistics solutions serve to help brands extend their post-sales commitment to their 

customers and the environment. Strengthened by collaborative technology and a growing network, Teckwah 

achieves both commercial and sustainable outcomes.

Logistics

Demand

Chain

Logistics

Aftermarket

Logistics

Inventory

&amp; Material

Management

Global

Fulfillment

eCommerce

Logistics

Last Mile

Delivery

Returns

Management

Remarketing

Refurbishment

Recycling

Management




5



Packaging Printing

 

Our Packaging Printing business segment offers 

dynamic management of customers’ packaging printing 

needs, including a diverse range of printing and 

packaging solutions, turnkey kitting and co-packing 

solutions, as well as digital packaging solutions.

Lifestyle

Following the diversification of our operations, we have 

enhanced our competencies and service offerings by the 

acquisition of a majority stake in Profoto Digital Services Pte 

Ltd (“Profoto®”). Our new Lifestyle Business Segment offers 

an invigorating way of extending our value chain capabilities 

into new markets. Its “one-stop solution” complements and 

completes the consumer experience, elevating retail and event 

space via services which include designing, large format printing, 

fabrication, installation and other digital technologies. As this is a new acquisition, the Group has decided to 

report the sustainability performance of this segment in the next financial year.

Teckwah has successfully built strong relationships with global brands in sectors such as biomedical, electronics, 

technology, F&amp;B and lifestyle. Anticipating the dynamic transformation of the market, we will continue to readily 

offer innovative and integrated solutions that deliver uniquely tailored experiences to target markets across  

Asia Pacific.

Packaging

Printing

Printing &amp;

Packaging

Turnkey

Kitting &amp;

Co-packing

Digital

Solutions

Geographic Presence

 

The Group has an established global network across Asia Pacific, North America and Europe. The Group has 

a total of 52 Teckwah sites and 58 Alliance sites spanning market segments and geographic locations where 

products and services are offered. Singapore serves as the business and operational headquarters of the Group. 

Teckwah’s global network is charted in the table below:

The Group recognises the importance of establishing resilient relationships with business partners and local 

authorities, as well as to keep abreast of prevailing changes in statutory and regulatory requirements in the 

countries we operate in. 






6



Teckwah’s 

Sustainability Story

As a responsible corporate citizen, Teckwah is 

committed to operating in an environmentally, 

socially and economically responsible 

manner for the long-term sustainability of the 

environment, our community and businesses  

at large.

This report, in conjunction with the Corporate 

Governance Report, provides details to the 

Group’s material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) topics in its  

sustainability journey.

In the volatile and uncertain landscape of 2019, 

clarity remains the vision of Teckwah – the 

need to endure through our ongoing journey of 

transformation to poise ourselves for Industry 

4.0. We will continue to diversify our businesses 

and seek external opportunities to evolve 

amidst revolution of internal operations,  

using innovative practices to deliver  

sustainable solutions. 

In line with our vision, we endeavour to achieve 

a sustainable value chain with a comprehensive 

climate change risk assessment framework 

and climate change risk management process. 

A sustainable value chain ensures that our 

products are produced in a responsible manner 

and without trade-offs in performance, quality 

or value.

Sustainable Value Chain



We are acutely aware of the importance of 

value chain collaboration to achieve excellence 

in sustainability, and we have integrated 

sustainability into our business strategies. 

By applying high sustainability standards 

throughout our operations and supply chain, 

we are committed to increase awareness about 

sustainability among our global suppliers  

and customers.




7

Sustainability Targets

 

Teckwah endeavours to achieve its sustainability targets by continuing to adopt a prudent and effective 

approach towards making investment decisions. By integrating climate risk analysis and management in our value 

chain cycle, we aim to enhance the sustainability and inclusiveness of our businesses beyond industrial standards.

Climate Change Solutions in Our Value Chain

In addition, we target to develop more meaningful partnerships with charitable organisations and various 

institutions to improve the welfare of the community. We aim to bring more diversity in terms of gender, race and 

age groups to build a capable and diverse workforce. 

Below is a summary table of the Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the reporting period.








8








9



Ethics

and Integrity

Whistle-blowing Policy 

The Company has a whistle-blowing policy in 

place which encourages employees and vendors 

to report malpractices and misconduct in the 

workplace. The Company will protect employees 

who have acted in good faith, from victimisation 

and harassment by their colleagues. The 

Company will treat all information received 

confidentially and protect the identity and 

interest of all whistle-blowers. There was no 

reported incident in FY2019.

Anti-corruption 

Conducting business and activities with integrity 

has always been the basis of all our relationship 

with employees, business partners and 

government authorities and agencies. To meet 

this objective, Teckwah has implemented the 

following measures in the anti-corruption policy: 

   - Teckwah will not engage in corrupt  

     business practices; 

   - Teckwah will implement measures  

     to prevent bribery and corruption by any  

     director, employee or other authorised party       

     representing Teckwah; 

   - Teckwah and its employees will observe and  

     comply with the laws of countries where it         

     conducts its business; and

   - All Teckwah employees are to concurrently       

     observe the Code of Business Ethics

This policy is applicable to all employees of the 

holding company, subsidiaries and associate 

companies of the Teckwah Group. 

It is also applicable to subsidiaries and associate 

companies located in and outside of Singapore. 

The Top and Senior Management and the 

Board of Directors will jointly administer the 

compliance to this Anti-Bribery and  

Corruption Policy.

There were zero reported incidents of 

corruption in FY2019.




10



Governance 

and Statement  

of the Board

The Board has considered sustainability issues 

as part of the strategic formulation of the 

Group. We established the Sustainability Task 

Force comprising of the department heads of 

Packaging Printing, Logistics, Finance, Safety 

and Human Resource to oversee the efforts of 

work teams from different business units. The 

Sustainability Task Force is headed by Finance 

Director, Mr Goh Yin Shian.

The Sustainability Task Force reviews 

the Group’s sustainability objectives, 

challenges, targets and progress to align 

with strategic direction of the Group, 

and supervises the work teams in 

implementing and tracking sustainability 

data and progress.

The Board incorporates sustainability  

issues into the strategic formulation of  

the Group. The Board with the assistance 

of the Sustainability Task Force determines 

the material Environmental, Social and 

Economic factors, and ensures that the 

factors identified are well-managed  

and monitored.



The Group adopts a prudent approach in 

strategic decision and day-to-day operation 

by implementing a comprehensive risk 

management framework.

Please refer to the Corporate Governance 

Report in our 2019 Annual Report for more 

information on corporate governance practices 

and risk management structure.




11



Stakeholder 

Engagement

We value input from all of our stakeholder groups and use a variety of channels to engage with them 

as well as receive their feedback. We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the 

potential to be impacted by our business, as well as those external organisations that have expertise in 

aspects that we consider material. The feedback we receive from our stakeholders helps us to determine 

our material topics and identify our focus areas.






12



Reporting  

Practice 

This sustainability report is produced in 

accordance to the GRI standards “Core” option 

covering our Group’s performance from 1 

January 2019 to 31 December 2019. 

 

The GRI standards represent the global 

best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics. 

The report also incorporates the primary 

components of report content as set out by 

the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on 

sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B.

The Sustainability Task Force has assessed that 

external assurance is not required as the Group 

wishes to strengthen the sustainability reporting 

framework for this year.

This report supplements the Group’s FY2019 

Annual Report and is available online at:  

https://www.teckwah.com.sg. Detailed section 

reference with GRI Standards is found at GRI 

Index Page. 

Teckwah’s material topics are identified based 

on their impacts on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders 

Engagement section.




13



Logistics 

At Teckwah, we provide demand chain logistics 

and specialist aftermarket services to clients 

across Asia Pacific. Notably, we strive to always 

design our specialist aftermarket solutions 

with our clients’ sustainable goals in mind, 

ensuring the responsible management of their 

aftermarket value chain – from service parts to 

reverse logistics. 

Sustainable Logistics Solutions

GRI 203-2, 301-3, 302-5

We are committed to bring the sustainable 

goals of our clients to life. Through effective 

logistics solutions, we help our clients achieve 

product safety and environmental protection 

through material reuse, reduction, recycling, 

waste disposal and management of hazardous 

materials. 

1. Demand Chain Logistics

We leverage on our ground connectivity and 

localised expertise to ensure satisfactory 

aftermarket customer support for our clients’ 

products. Our solutions guarantee an effective 

and efficient use of resources for our clients.

Inventory &amp; Material Management

We provide integrated logistics capabilities 

within a secured, controlled environment, and 

we have trained personnel to handle custom 

stuffing requirements and storage solutions 

catered to clients’ desired warehousing and 

inventory needs. Our software and system 

improve the inventory control and management 

of our clients by maximising their warehouse 

storage capacity and optimising resource usage, 

thus effectively minimising the waste of space 

and energy in their warehouse.

Through strategic inventory and storage 

management, we endeavour to reduce 

holding costs and add value to our clients by 

securing the management of their assets at all 

touchpoints under certified and licensed storage 

premises. By assuring reliable outsourced 

inventory management services, we allow  

our clients to focus their resources on 

developing the efficiency and productivity of 

their core operations.

E-commerce Logistics

Our e-commerce logistics service allows 

seamless connection with our backend order 

management system to enable our clients a 

fuss-free and efficient fulfilment of their global 

customer orders. 

We have a dedicated Information Technology 

(“IT”) team that designs and delivers practical 

and effective solutions to our customers. We 

also adopt a one-stop shipping cockpit to 

execute and monitor the timeliness of our 

clients’ deliveries. With our expertise and 

use of advanced technology in our shipment 

management, we effectively eliminate 

complexity in product shipment for our clients, 

ensuring full visibility of their orders and 




14

shipments, real-time, on-the-go, and carrier-

neutral across Asia Pacific. This allows clients to 

be notified of real-time shipping issues so that 

they can rectify the situation in a timely manner. 

We also integrate our clients’ system with ours 

to further simplify their order fulfilment process 

and increase their productivity.

Global Fulfilment

We are able to deliver our clients’ products to 

market anytime, anywhere. We are committed 

to achieve a sustainable delivery system 

through various fuel conservation initiatives and 

efficient routes. As Singapore is the inventory 

storage location for clients with international 

plants, we plan and optimise their distribution 

management to efficiently fulfil their operating 

requirements and minimise the delivery time. 

We have also implemented effective measures 

to protect our clients’ products from wear 

and tear and prolong the product life, thus 

minimising material and resource wastage for 

our clients. Furthermore, we offer sustainable 

solutions to reduce energy consumption in 

shipping for our clients.

Last Mile Delivery

Using real-time data analytics, we bring our 

clients’ products to their customers faster and 

better with our Delivery Management system. 

By integrating our system with the established 

and reputable delivery companies, our system 

configurations enable life tracking of our 

clients’ product deliveries, thus improving 

the productivity and quality of our clients’ 

operations. We monitor our product delivery 

performance and endeavour to always  

deliver our clients’ products within their 

required timeframe.

2. Aftermarket Logistics

Teckwah extends the product life cycle of 

our clients’ used products by managing their 

product returns, refurbishment and recycling, 

and we create renewed value and purpose  

for these products through remarketing, 

repairing and replacing of parts to extend their 

product lifespan.

From Asset Recovery solutions to our repair 

and refurbishment expertise, we recondition, 

renew and restore used equipment in adherence 

to brand owner standards and sustainable 

practices. In order to monitor troubleshooting 

effectiveness and repair quality, we trace 100% 

of our repaired products for repeat repairs 

within a short term. We constantly seek to 

improve our repair process to ensure that 

repaired products remain in good condition 

after repair. We are innovating sustainable 

alternatives to reduce energy wastage in battery 

testing during product repair. 

In addition, our recycling methods are in strict 

compliance with local regulations and we 

dispose non-reusable and non-recyclable parts 

in a sustainable manner. We also aim to increase 

the marketability of recycled and reused 

products. We provide clients with solutions 

that meet equipment “reuse” objectives while 

protecting the brand equity and creating 

renewed value and purpose for the reused 

products.

In FY2019, we achieved a 0% error rate for all 

refurbished products and we target to maintain 

0% error rate in FY2020.

Waste Management

GRI 306-2 

The main source of hazardous waste in Logistics 

operations is scrap batteries which amounted 

to 210 tonnes at Teckwah Logistics Pte Ltd in 

FY2019. We reused 100% of the scrap batteries, 

thus effectively implementing sustainable 

hazardous waste management measures and 

mitigating the risk of toxic leaks that can arise 

from improper disposal of scrap batteries.

The main types of non-hazardous waste 

generated from our Logistics operations are 

carton boxes and wooden pallet, and our waste 

management is outsourced to licensed recyclers 

for proper disposal. In FY2019, total amount of 

non-hazardous waste generated at Teckwah 

Logistics Pte Ltd was 34.9 tonnes, and 44.5% 

was reused. 




15

Sustainable Supply Chain

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2

Suppliers will be required to strictly comply with 

environmental and social laws and regulations. 

We have a dedicated resource planning 

team to manage material procurement for 

our clients to avoid overstocking and reduce 

their stock obsolesce through our material 

planning optimisation. This effectively minimises 

inventory waste and develops the sustainability 

of our clients’ supply chain. 

In addition, we screened our suppliers using 

environmental criteria, where they were  

subject to due diligence processes for 

environmental impacts.

There were no recorded incidents of any 

significant environmental, social or labour 

concerns related to our suppliers in FY2019.

Environmental and Socioeconomic 

Compliance

GRI 307-1, 419-1

The Group operates in strict compliance 

with environmental and socioeconomic 

laws and regulations in all countries that we 

operate. In FY2019, there were zero incidents 

of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations in our 

Logistics operations. 




16



Packaging

Printing

At Teckwah, we are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen by ensuring safe, efficient and 

environmentally friendly packaging and printing processes. Besides ensuring the sustainability of our own 

operations, we also dedicate ourselves to deliver a diverse range of printing and packaging solutions that 

meet the sustainability goals of our clients.

As an organisation that is committed to sustained growth and value creation, we adopt responsible 

practices towards our people, supply chain, the business community and the environment.

Innovation and Excellence

GRI 203-2

As part of our commitment to technological advancement, we are redesigning our  

packaging and printing processes and upgrading our technology. 

One area that we are focusing on is the digitalisation of our business, to ready us for “Industry 4.0” where 

seamless integration of computing, networking and other processes are set to revolutionise and transform 

manufacturing and other industries. Towards this end, we have embarked on a Digital Transformation &amp; 

Innovation™ (“DTI™”) Programme which will enable us to undertake a transformative business model by 

leveraging digital technologies. Ultimately, we will embark on identified digital-enabled initiatives which 

are in line with our strategic focused areas and will transform us into a SMART organisation.

In FY2018, we invested in an Automatic Carton Packing Machine which automates the packaging, 

palletisation and sealing processes, thereby reducing packaging costs, improving operational efficiency 

and accuracy. In addition, we converted traditional offset printing with digital printing for short-run 

printing which reduces printing waste and costs and improves production efficiency.

Sustainable Packaging Printing Solutions

GRI 302-5, 416-1, 416-2

We provide effective and sustainable packaging solutions to our clients, such as optimising the packaging 

design and materials to maximise the paper usage in product packaging and thereby reduce paper 

wastage. In addition, our product packaging is produced in strict compliance with clients’ product safety 

requirements and we take extra caution in ensuring that packaging materials are free of allergens and 

toxins for our pharmaceutical and F&amp;B clients, as packaging is critical to their product safety. 




17



We procure FSC™ materials where applicable based 

on customer requirements. In FY2019, 24.4% of 

materials procured at Teckwah Value Chain Singapore 

were FSC™ materials, amounting to 542 MT of FSC™  

materials, which is a significant increase from 9.6% 

FSC™ raw materials procured in FY2018. 

We endeavour to encourage the use of sustainable

raw materials and responsible sourcing of paper in the

future where possible.

Waste Management

GRI 306-2

In compliance with stringent standards, we have a 

strict waste management process which minimises the 

impact of waste material generated by our operations. 

Teckwah stays committed to ensuring that waste is 

properly disposed in accordance to local regulations. 

In Singapore, the waste is weighed by our authorised 

waste collectors before being sent to incineration 

plants for energy recovery. Waste disposal in China, 

Malaysia and Indonesia are, likewise, conducted by 

authorised, external waste collectors and sent to landfill 

in accordance to their regulations.

The types of waste generated from our Packaging 

Printing operations are paper, stretch wrap, ink, 

chemical waste, plastic, waste glue and wooden pallets. 

The proper disposal of paper, ink, chemical waste and 

pallet waste are managed through a licensed recycler. 

We are equipped with an auto waste paper compactor 

to manage the paper waste.

In addition, as an affirmation of our 

environmentally-safe packaging and printing 

practices, several of our companies dealing 

in pulp and paper products comply with the 

standards of the Forest Stewardship Council™ 

Chain of Custody (“FSC™ CoC”).  

The Forest Stewardship Council™ (“FSC™”) is 

an international non-profit organization which 

sets the international standards for responsible 

forest management worldwide. With the 

FSC™ certification of our companies, we can 

guarantee that our trees and wood products are 

processed in accordance to stringent standards, 

and no illegal or unsustainable logging has taken 

place in the making of our products. 

In FY2019, there were zero incidents of non-

compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of our packaging printing products  

and services.

Sustainable Materials

GRI 301-2

Teckwah is committed to selecting sustainable 

and eco-friendly raw materials in our packaging 

and printing processes.

To reduce dependency on crude oil or paper, 

Teckwah increasingly relies on renewable raw 

materials such as sugar derivatives, bioethanol 

derivatives, and natural oils. Moreover, recycled 

raw materials are used wherever possible, and 

many production plants implement their own 

or externally operated recycling loop systems. 

Mineral substances such as calcium carbonate, 

sand, and cement make up the remaining  

raw materials.

In respect of all the materials used, compliance 

with the relevant statutory registration 

requirements e.g. Registration, Evaluation, 

Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals 

(“REACH”) or Toxic Substances Control Act 

(“TSCA”) is monitored and ensured by a 

network of global and local specialists as well as 

external consultants.

We encourage the use of sustainable raw 

materials and responsible sourcing of paper 

where possible. We purchase paper from sustainable 

sources, mainly recycled materials and FSC™ materials.




18

We saw a significant decrease in hazardous 

waste generated at Teckwah Value Chain Pte 

Ltd from 1,328 tonnes in FY2018 to 283 tonnes 

in FY2019. In addition, 93.6% of the hazardous 

waste generated was sent for recovery 

(including energy recovery), effectively 

reducing the amount of waste generated and 

optimising the values created from waste.

We attribute the reduction in waste production 

to the processless plate production initiative 

implemented in FY2018 at Teckwah Value Chain 

Pte Ltd as part of our continual efforts to further 

reduce hazardous waste production.





In FY2019, we recycled 100% of non-hazardous 

waste generated at P.T. Teckwah Paper 

Products Indonesia, Teckwah PharmaPack 

Solutions Sdn Bhd and Wuxi Teckwah Printing 

&amp; Packaging Co., Ltd, and recycled 95% of non 

hazardous waste generated at Teckwah Value 

Chain Pte Ltd and PPH Teckwah Value Chain 

Sdn Bhd. This is testimonial of our efforts to 

reduce waste generated, and we will continue to 

improve our waste management results.

Sustainable Supply Chain

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2

Teckwah’s supply chain is highly distributed 

and diverse, with suppliers ranging from global 

multinationals to local small businesses. We 

work with government and non-governmental 

organisations, as well as with suppliers to 

develop and integrate sustainability best 

practices into our supply chain. Current 

practices and initiatives are established and 

implemented at Teckwah to minimise the 

environmental impact and maximise supply 

chain efficiencies. We strive to ensure that 

suppliers throughout the supply chain meet the 

practices and standards expected by the Group. 

Suppliers and subcontractors are required to 

declare and acknowledge their responsibilities in 

ensuring compliance to local regulations.  

Above and beyond, we comply with the ISO 

14001 Environmental Management Standards 

and assess our suppliers and subcontractors 

based on their environmental and social 

obligations. We strictly procure materials from 

suppliers that source in an environmentally 

sustainable manner. 

In FY2019, paper and stretch wrap consumption 

continued to decrease, as a result of reduction 

in printing, labelling and wrapping requests from 

clients as well as the streamlining of operational 

processes to reduce paper usage. 




19

In FY2019, 15% of new suppliers were screened 

using environmental and social criteria, as 

compared to 9% in FY2018. In addition, there 

were no recorded incidents of any significant 

environmental, social, or labour concerns related 

to our suppliers in FY2019.

Environmental and Socioeconomic 

Compliance

GRI 307-1, 419-1

The Group operates in strict compliance 

with environmental and socioeconomic 

laws and regulations in all countries that we 

operate. In FY2019, there were zero incidents 

of non-compliance with environmental and 

socioeconomic laws and regulations in our 

Packaging Printing operations. 






20



Energy  

and Emissions Management

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5

The Group strongly encourages energy-saving 

practices among employees to effectively 

reduce our carbon footprint. We have 

implemented numerous initiatives in line with 

our environmental policy to reduce energy 

consumption and increase energy efficiency in 

our daily operations.

Teckwah Industrial Corporation Ltd 

(Head Office)





We maintained our energy performance at the 

Head Office in FY2019, and we will continue to 

improve our energy conservation efforts in  

the future.

Logistics 



We maintained our energy performance at the 

Logistics warehouses in FY2019. Notably, our 

energy intensity at Teckwah Logistics Pte Ltd 

decreased from 19 kWh/m2 of gross floor area 

in FY2018 to 17 kWh/m2 in FY2019 despite an 

increase in energy consumption. The increase in 

energy consumption was due to the expansion 

of the warehouse. There was also a decrease in 

energy consumption and intensity at Shanghai 

Jointac International Logistics Co., Ltd. This is 

testimonial of our efforts in energy conservation 

and dedication to increase energy efficiency at 

our Logistics warehouses. 




21

Similarly, our CO2 emissions and intensity maintained in FY2019. We endeavour to continuously improve our 

efforts in the reduction of carbon footprint at our Logistics warehouses by increasing the warehouse energy 

efficiency, such as optimising the temperature and lighting control systems to minimise energy wastage.

Packaging Printing 





We maintained our energy performance at the Packaging Printing facilities in FY2019. Notably, our energy 

intensity at Wuxi Teckwah Printing &amp; Packaging Co., Ltd decreased from 1,673 kWh/tonne of production 

in FY2018 to 1,592 kWh/tonne of production in FY2019 despite an increase in energy consumption. This is 

testimonial of our efforts in energy conservation and dedication to increase energy efficiency.



Similarly, our CO2 emissions and intensity maintained in FY2019. We endeavour to continuously improve our 

efforts in the reduction of carbon footprint at our Packaging Printing facilities. We have installed motion sensor 

lights at common areas to reduce energy wastage, and we will increase the energy efficiency of our operations 

where feasible.




22



Our People

Our Assets

Our employees are our greatest assets and 

are key resources to the long-term viability of 

our business. We greatly value diversity in our 

workforce and ensure that our employees’ well-

being and development are well taken care of.

Employee Health and Safety

GRI 403-1, 403-2

Safety is of utmost importance in Teckwah and 

we spare no effort to ensure that all safety risks 

are being mitigated to the largest extent.

Our commitment to employee health, safety 

and well-being is embedded in our culture and 

shapes the design of our products, processes, 

and supply chain. We take a holistic approach, 

offering a wide variety of guides, training, 

processes, programmes, and benefits to 

promote employee health, safety and wellness. 

We have implemented a comprehensive Safety 

and Health Management System (“SHMS”) 

Policy to ensure that we achieve strict 

regulatory compliance and protection of our 

employees against injury and ill-health.

In addition, the Environmental, Safety and 

Health (“ESH”) Committee was established 

to ensure the safety, health and security well-

being of employees. ESH members actively 

promote environmental, occupational health 

and safety awareness, and provide information 

and guidance on the establishment of SHMS at 

Teckwah. The Committee serves to minimise 

employees’ exposure to occupational health and 

safety risks.

We have attained the certification for 

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment 

Series (“OHSAS”) 18001 for Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety Management, and we were 

in strict compliance with the Workplace 

Safety and Health (“WSH”) Regulations and 

recommendations in FY2019.








23





In FY2019, the average injury rate was 1.47 

across all countries and gender, maintaining 

from 1.5 in FY2018. The main reason behind the 

decrease in the average injury rate across all 

countries is the continuous emphasis on the 

importance of safety and regular safety training 

sessions conducted. Other significant changes 

that resulted in this decrease are installation of 

sensors or protection bars on the machines and 

placement of additional safety signs.



In FY2019, we have seen zero incidents of 

occupational disease and fatality. There was no 

incident of non-compliance with occupational 

health and safety regulations. 

Employee Diversity

GRI 401-1, 405-1, 405-2

We advocate fair employment and endeavour 

to achieve a balanced and diversified workforce. 

In FY2019, our total staff strength stood at 1,522 

employees, with a new hire rate of 25.7% and 

turnover rate of 28.7 %.







Staff attending Chemical Waste Management Training




24

Employee Benefits

GRI 401-2, 401-3

All employees and workers of Teckwah 

are treated fairly and entitled to a range of 

employee benefits which include paternal leave, 

medical and dental benefits, as well as workmen 

injury compensation insurance.





Wellness initiatives for staff

 

Management dialogue sessions, social functions 

and health and wellness initiatives are an 

integral part of staff welfare. The quarterly 

“Staff Appreciation Day”, monthly games, health 

programmes and medical checks, as well as 

the institutionalised staff medical and welfare 

benefits were some of the core employee care 

initiatives of the Group.

Employee Development

GRI 404-1, 404-2,404-3

To ensure that our staff are equipped with the 

necessary skillsets and knowledge to perform 

and excel in their roles, Teckwah invests in an 

array of training programmes for our people, 

which include technical, industrial and on-the-

job training.

Training, upgrading and enrichment 

programmes are integral for the continued 

development of staff. Staff were given the 

opportunity to attend in-house as well as 

external programmes. Some of the training 

programmes conducted include “SIMTech’s 

WSQ Implement Manufacturing Data Mining 

Techniques and OEE (“Overall Equipment 

Effectiveness”) Training Programs”, “3-

day People Leadership Program”, “G7® 

Expert Training” and high performing team 

development programmes such as “Team 

Synergies and Development Program”.

In FY2019, we achieved a total of 14,010 training 

hours for our employees.




25



In FY2019, Teckwah organised various community engagement and outreach programmes to exercise 

our environmental and social responsibilities. We arranged a beach clean-up at East Coast Park over 

five weekends as part of our 

environment conservation and 

recycling efforts. It further served 

as an educational programme for 

our staff to learn about recycling 

and reusing and to instil in them a 

sense of appreciation for cleaners, 

gardeners and parks personnel who 

keep Singapore clean and green. 

In addition, we supported the 

training and mentoring of future 

industry talents through organised 

visits and internship programmes 

in partnership with ITE College 

East. We also hosted overseas 

students and groups, facilitating 

learning sessions and on-site tours 

of our headquarters. Among them 

were Executive Master of Business 

Administrative students from China 

Europe International Business 

School and participants from a 

Penang-based non-profit training 

and consultancy organisation.





China Europe International Business School students visit at Teckwah’s Headquarters

Our Community

GRI 413-1




26

During the year, we gave time and resources 

to several charitable organisations. Staff 

volunteered at Ren Ci’s Vegetarian Food Fiesta 

organised by Ren Ci Community Hospital, of 

which the proceeds went towards supporting 

the aged care services for the elderly across 

all Ren Ci’s healthcare facilities. Our Indonesia 

subsidiary also organised community outreach 

programmes such as home visits and donations 

to a local old folks’ home and orphanage.

 

We encouraged our staff to actively participate 

in community engagement activities and will 

continue to promote the spirit of giving back in 

the Group. 



Ren Ci Vegetarian Food Fiesta at Ren Ci Community Hospital




27

S/N

 

1

 

 

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

 

3 

4 

5

Primary Component  

Material Topics 

 

 

 

 

Policies, 

Practices and Performance 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

Targets  

 

Framework 

Section Reference 

 

• Logistics, Packaging Printing, Energy and  

   Emissions Management, Our People, Our  

  Assets, Our Community

• Stakeholder Engagement  

• Chairman’s Message

• Teckwah’s Sustainability Story

• Logistics, Packaging Printing, Energy and  

  Emissions Management, Our People, Our  

  Assets, Our Community

 

Governance and Statement of the Board

 

Teckwah’s Sustainability Story

 

Reporting Practice

SGX Five Primary Components Index




28

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

102-8

102-9

102-10

102-11

102-12

102-13

102-14

102-15

102-16

102-17

102-18

102-40

102-42

102-43

102-44

102-46

201-1 

203-2

205-1

205-2

 

205-3

301-2

301-3

302-1

302-3

302-4

Name of the organisation

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organisation

Information on employees and other workers

Supply chain

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

Precautionary principle or approach

External initiatives

Membership of associations 

Statement from senior decision-maker

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Governance structure 

List of stakeholder groups 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Significant indirect economic impacts

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Communication and training about anti-corruption  

policies and procedures

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Recycled input materials used

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy intensity

Reduction of energy consumption

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Employee Diversity

Sustainable Supply Chain

Organisation Profile

Governance and Statement  

of Board

Organisation Profile

Organisation Profile

Chairman’s Message

Chairman’s Message, Teckwah’s 

Sustainability Story 

Ethics and Integrity 

Ethics and Integrity

Governance and Statement  

of the Board

Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Reporting Practice 

Annual Report 2019

Innovation and Excellence, 

Sustainable Logistics Solutions

Anti-corruption 

Anti-corruption 

Anti-corruption 

Sustainable Materials

Sustainable Logistics Solutions

Energy and Emissions 

Management

Energy and Emissions 

Management

Energy and Emissions 

Management

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference

GRI Standards Content Index 




29

GRI 

Standards

Disclosure Content

Section Reference

302-5

 

 

305-2

 

305-4

 

305-5

 

306-2

307-1

 

 

308-1 

308-2 

401-1  

401-2

 

401-3

403-1

 

403-2

 

 

404-1 

404-2 

 

404-3

405-1 

405-2

 

413-1 

 

414-1 

414-2

 

416-1

 

416-2

 

419-1

Reductions in energy requirements of products and services

 

 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

 

Emissions intensity

 

Reduction of GHG emissions

 

Waste by type and disposal method

Monetary value of significant fines and total number of  

non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

New employee hires and employee turnover

Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

Parental leave

Formal joint management-worker health and  

safety committee

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of  

work-related fatalities

Average hours of training per year per employee

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Regular performance and career development Review

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of  

women to men

Operations with local community engagement,  

impact assessments, and development programs

New suppliers screened

Negative social impacts in the supply chain  

and actions taken

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social  

and economic area

Sustainable Logistics Solutions

Sustainable Packaging  

Printing Solutions

Energy and Emissions 

Management

Energy and Emissions 

Management

Energy and Emissions 

Management

Waste Management

Environmental and 

Socioeconomic Compliance

 

Sustainable Supply Chain 

 

Sustainable Supply Chain

 

Employee Diversity 

Employee Benefits 

 

Employee Benefits

Employee Health and Safety 

 

Employee Health and Safety 

 

 

Employee Development 

Employee Development 

 

Employee Development 

Employee Diversity

Employee Diversity

 

Our Community

 

Sustainable Supply Chain

Sustainable Supply Chain

 

Sustainable Packaging  

Printing Solutions

Sustainable Packaging  

Printing Solutions

Environmental and 

Socioeconomic Compliance




TECKWAH INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LTD

(Company Registration Number: 197201105E)

51 Tai Seng Avenue #05-01

Pixel Red Singapore 533941

T   : 65 6872 8181

F   : 65 6872 8199

W : www.teckwah.com.sg

E   : info@teckwah.com.sg



