
















































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

E N D U R I N G

TECKWAH INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LIMITED


CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE

SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 2018 

ABOUT TECKWAH

ABOUT OUR REPORT 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

ENVIRONMENT PERFORMANCE: 

RESOURCE CONSERVATION

SOCIAL PERFORMANCE:

SAFETY AND QUALITY

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE: 

GROWTH WITH PURPOSE

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX

3

5

7

11

13

17

22

29

32


3

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Dear Stakeholders, 

I am delighted to present our second Sustainability 

Report, which highlights how we continuously bring 

positive change within the Group and in the wider 

community. In keeping with commitments to business 

practice transparency, this report presents Teckwah’s 

sustainability performance and management approach 

in a neutral and balanced manner. 

In 2018, we celebrated our 50th Anniversary, 

taking pride in being a leading supply chain 

service provider, creating and delivering the 

best-in-class solutions to companies worldwide. 

Integral to the continued success and longevity of 

our business, is the recognition of the importance of 

conducting our operations in a manner that considers 

the environmental and the wider social impact. Our 

workplace safety, environmental protection, training 

and other outreach programmes remain an intrinsic 

part of the Group’s corporate social responsibility and 

sustainability efforts.  The Group aims to enhance its 

contribution to society, reduce any negative impact 

on the environment and work towards the growth and 

continued success of the company for the benefit of  

all stakeholders. 

“



…the Group aims to enhance its 

contribution to society, reduce 

any negative impact on the 

environment and work towards 

the growth and continued 

success of the company…

“


4

Sustainable practices are incorporated into our 

value chain, from planning and manufacturing, to 

the distribution and end-of-life recycling, ensuring 

our products are produced in a responsible manner 

and without trade-offs in performance, quality or 

value. Through various internal educational initiatives 

and guidelines, we aim to educate our employees, 

customers and suppliers to be more sustainability-

oriented. At Teckwah, we are committed to 

sustainable business practices and aim to maximise 

the positive impact of our businesses on society while 

minimising its effect on the environment. 

Teckwah’s Board of Directors oversees the company’s 

sustainability performance and initiatives, ensuring 

its compliance with SGX guidelines on corporate 

governance and sustainability reporting. In 2017, 

the Group identified the material Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors based on 

our current business strategy and stakeholder 

concerns. These factors remained unchanged in 

2018. The Board continued to exercise oversight in 

the management and monitoring of these factors. 

As a listed company, Teckwah adheres to the Code 

of Corporate Governance of Singapore. The Code 

provides the framework for controls, checks and 

accountabilities, and requires the Board of Directors to 

consider sustainability issues in its business decisions 

and strategy formulation. The Sustainability Report 

2018 reflects the Group’s ESG performance, marks the 

progress achieved since last year, and lays the ground 

for the Group’s future strategy. 

This year’s theme is Enduring, which is an apt 

representation of the Group’s past success, present 

strengths and future growth strategies as we endure 

even amidst challenges and obstacles, using innovative 

practices to deliver sustainable solutions. Teckwah’s 

“Future-Ready” strategy mirrors the Committee for 

the Future Economy’s (“CFE”) seven strategies closely. 

With anticipated uncertainties, our steadfastness in 

weathering difficult conditions and our strength at 

adapting to changes readily will ensure a strong and 

resilient Teckwah for the future. I hope this report 

will deepen the understanding and appreciation of 

Teckwah’s sustainability efforts and strategy. We 

appreciate interest in and welcome feedback on  

this report.

Thomas Chua Kee Seng

Chairman and Managing Director


5









































































SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 2018

We believe in fostering 

a motivated and 

engaged workforce

Our ISO 14001 certification 

governs the various aspects of 

environmental management and 

sets standards for identifying and 

controlling the environmental 

impact of business operations 

since 2000

We meet the standards 

of the Forest Stewardship 

Council ™ Chain of Custody

We are in compliance with 

Workplace Safety and 

Health Regulations and 

recommendations. We have 

instituted a Hearing Conservation 

Programme which is now in its 

15th year

We are OHSAS 18001 compliant 

with a comprehensive health 

and safety management system 

in place


6















































































OUR ACCOLADES  

AND AWARDS




7

Teckwah Industrial Corporation Limited (“Teckwah”) began from humble roots in 1968 in Singapore as 

Teck Wah Seng Kee, a sole proprietor producing cardboard boxes. Teckwah has since grown to become 

a global provider of integrated value chain management solutions. Driven by our vision of creating and 

delivering the best-in-class value chain solutions worldwide, Teckwah today is the preferred business 

partner of global brand owners. Enabling end-to-end solutions, both locally and globally, is the strategic 

edge that underpins the Group’s unique value proposition to its global customers.

ABOUT TECKWAH









Teamwork

Our Core Values

Initiative

Commitment

Continuous

Improvement

Working together 

symbiotically and 

cooperatively as 

opposed to individually 

to achieve ultimate goals 

in the organisation.

External Customers:

We act together as 

a team to assure our 

customers of a seamless 

service experience.

Internal Customers:

We work towards 

Teckwah’s success &amp; 

respond with a sense of 

urgency to the needs of 

our colleagues across 

 our network.

Proactively doing 

things when a problem, 

obstacle or opportunity 

is identified, not simply 

thinking that someone  

will take action.

External Customers:

We take personal 

responsibility and go  

the extra mile to  

delight customers by:

- Exceeding their  

  expectations.

- Providing innovative  

  &amp; effective.  

  (differentiated) solutions

- Proactively engaging  

   them.

Internal Customers:

We are proactive and take 

personal responsibility in:

- Sharing relevant   

  information, resources  

  and knowledge.

- Satisfying internal  

  customers.

- Adopting preventive  

  and corrective actions.

The passion to contribute 

and grow with the 

organisation.

External Customers:

We serve with passion.  

We honour our service

commitment with 

integrity and fairness.

Internal Customers:

We work with passion, 

perseverance and sense  

of urgency.

A desire to surpass  

standards of excellence, 

which include one’s 

own past performance, 

outperforming others, 

setting challenging goals 

on even what anyone has 

ever done.

 

External Customers:

We dare to take 

on new challenges 

and constantly seek 

breakthrough ideas and 

improvement initiatives.

Internal Customers:

We constantly challenge 

current practices so as 

to systematically  

seek improvement  

or breakthrough.  

 

We constantly seek a  

holistic approach to  

self-improvement.  

 

We actively pursue an 

entrepreneurial way of  

doing things.

• Cross-Functional Teams

• Staff Suggestion Scheme 

• InnoVest

• Staff Committees

• Total Learning Plan

• 7-day Work Week

• Team-Based Reward System

• Task &amp; Behavioural-Based  

   Performance Appraisal System

Definition

Behaviour

Practice


8

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

 

The Group is organised into the following business segments:  

 

(i) Packaging Printing, which includes printing and packaging, turnkey kitting and co-packing  

                  and digital solutions;

 

(ii) Logistics, which comprises aftermarket logistics (i.e. service parts logistics and reverse  

                   logistics services) and demand chain logistics (global fulfilment, last mile delivery,  

                   e-commerce logistics, raw material and inventory management for manufacturing), as well as  

                   other value-added services; and 

 

(iii) Services which includes property management and others.

While Packaging Printing remains our core business, Logistics and Services business segments are gaining 

importance as a growth contributor to the Group. Our full suite of printing, packaging, logistics, supply 

chain management and digital solutions ensure that customers receive the best integrated solutions in 

the market. Our expertise from the printing stage to delivery and customer after-care support means 

that we can customise, localise or globalise our offerings to suit our customers’ needs regardless of the 

industry they are in. We have built strong relationships with global brands in sectors such as biomedical, 

electronics, technology, food and beverages (“F &amp; B”) and consumer lifestyle.

OUR SOLUTIONS

Packaging Printing

Logistics

Printing &amp; Packaging

Turnkey Kitting &amp;  

Co-packing

Digital Solutions

Demand Chain Logistics

Aftermarket Logistics 

Value-added Services

THE INDUSTRIES WE SERVE

 

The Group is perfectly positioned to deliver globally across Asia Pacific, North America and Europe. 

Operating from multiple locations exposes the Group to risks related to laws and regulations of 

governments in these countries. Such risks may potentially increase the costs of operations, impact 

foreign investment and ultimately change the competitive landscape altogether. The different industries 

we serve are as follows:

Infocomm

Consumer

Biomedical

Industrial

Finance/Education


9

Internally, the Group has invested in training and sharing sessions for employees to be kept up-to-date 

with the latest regulatory changes and the potential impact on the business from these changes. Various 

policies have also been implemented to ensure that employees are well equipped with the relevant 

knowledge to perform their roles. 

To minimise and avoid both anticipated and unanticipated risks on local and regional operations, the 

Management has initiated and established operating systems and put in place measures to govern policies 

and practices, while protecting its people and assets.

Our select Membership of Associations and External Initiatives 

• Singapore Business Federation

• Singapore Logistics Association

• Transported Asset Protection  

   Association (TAPA)

• Singapore National Employers Federation

• Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (SEDEX) 

• Responsible Business Alliance (formerly 

   known as The Electronic Industry  

   Citizenship Coalition)

• Xishan Printing Association Board of Governors

• Wuxi, Xinwu District Human Resources  

   Service Association

• Association of International Metallizers, Coaters  

   and Laminators (AIMACL)

• Technical Association of the Pulp &amp;  

   Paper Industry

• Federation Of Malaysian Manufacturers 

• Malaysian Employers Federation

• Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive  

   Employment Practices

• Print Media Association 

• Singapore Chamber of Commerce &amp;  

   Industry in China

GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE

 

The Group has an established global network across Asia Pacific, North America and Europe. The Group 

has a total of 45 Teckwah sites and 57 Alliance sites spanning market segments and geographic locations 

where products and services are offered. Singapore serves as the business and operational headquarters 

of the Group. Teckwah’s global network is charted in the map below:











Teckwah Sites

Alliance Sites

Teckwah Sites Alliance Sites

Country

Asia Pacific

North America

Europe

45

0

0

45

49

3 

5

57

Total


10

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

With a global vision of creating and delivering best-in-class value chain solutions worldwide, our supply chain 

solutions and infrastructures are built on policies and processes that consider the needs of our customers and ever-

expanding technological advancements, whilst reducing any negative social and environmental impact. Our extended 

supply chain includes our service offering, namely Digital Solutions, which was introduced in 2013.

E-Commerce Management

Customer Response Centre

Product Design (Structural/ 

Graphic Design)

Demand

Plan &amp; Source

Content Management

Procurement

Materials Management

Print Solution (Offset/Digital)

Serialisation

Turnkey Manufacturing

Re-dressing &amp; Co-packing

B2B &amp; B2C Order Management 

Last Mile Delivery

3PL/4PL Management

Consumer Care Centre Management

Return Management 

Repair &amp; Refurbishment

Remarketing

Service Parts Logistics

Recycling &amp; Waste Management

Make

Return

Deliver











The Group recognises the importance of establishing resilient relationships with business partners and local 

authorities and to keep abreast of prevailing changes in statutory and regulatory requirements in the countries we 

operate in. 

In 2018, Teckwah’s operating environment continued to be developed and managed based on locally and 

internationally recognised standards in quality management and practices: Secure Trade Partnership (“STP”) 

Plus Certification, Good Distribution Practice for Medical Devices Singapore (“GDPMDS”) Certification and Forest 

Stewardship Council™ Chain of Custody (“FSC™ CoC”) Certification.

During the year, we received 9.6% FSCTM raw material amounting to 335 MT for Teckwah Value Chain Singapore 

total purchases and 5.5% FSCTM raw material amounting to 365 MT for Teckwah PharmaPack Solutions purchases. 

The associated FSCTM paper mills are Clearwater Paper Corporation, Shandong Chenming Paper Holdings Ltd, UPM 

(China) Co Ltd and 2018’s addition - Iggesund Paperboard AB Sweden.


11





















































































This report presents the annual sustainability performance of Teckwah Industrial Corporation Limited for the period 1 

January 2018 to 31 December 2018 and has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option. In this 

report, we embody the theme Enduring which represents Teckwah’s ability to withstand the volatile and uncertain 

landscapes in 2018 and focus on poising ourselves to be future-ready.

Data presented in the report has either been sourced centrally from our enterprise resource planning system or 

directly from the operations included within the report boundary. The data measurement techniques and underlying 

assumptions and calculations have been duly provided in the relevant sections of the Report. In 2017, we defined 

our sustainability targets for 2020 and we continuously aim to achieve those performance targets, which are closely 

monitored, in the coming years.

ABOUT OUR REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS FOR 2020

ENVIRONMENT

Paper purchased from 

sustainable sources 

&gt;50%

Reduction in electricity 

consumption (using  

2017 baseline)

2%

Reduction in solid and liquid 

toxic industrial waste (using 

2017 baseline)

5%

SOCIAL

Accident severity rate

&lt;12

Accident frequency rate

&lt;0.8

Maintaining employee 

satisfaction rate

&gt; 68%

GOVERNANCE

Review our community 

investment strategy to 

maximise social impact

Enhance operational 

innovation  

and excellence


12





















































































In 2018, we aimed to make measurable progress towards the 2020 sustainability targets established last year. We 

have achieved a certain degree of success towards the 2020 targets and strive to continue fulfilling these targets. 

The report covers material issues for the eleven operating entities that are most significant to Teckwah’s economic, 

environmental and social footprint. These eleven entities operate in four countries and are listed below:

SINGAPORE

MALAYSIA

INDONESIA

CHINA

Teckwah Industrial 

Corporation Ltd 

 

Teckwah Value Chain  

Pte Ltd

Teckwah Logistics  

Pte Ltd

JNE Logistics  

Singapore Pte Ltd

Teckwah PharmaPack 

Solutions Sdn Bhd

Teckwah Paper 

Products Sdn Bhd

Tompac Industrial 

Sdn Bhd

PT Teckwah Paper 

Products Indonesia

Wuxi Teckwah Printing  

&amp; Packaging Co., Ltd

Teckwah Trading 

(Shanghai) Co., Ltd

Shanghai Jointac 

International Logistics  

Co., Ltd

The Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI Standards”) Content Index at the end of this report confirms that 

all disclosures required under the ‘Core’ criteria of the GRI Standards 2016 are accurately included in the report as 

required by GRI disclosures 102-54 and 102-55. The data and statements presented in this report have not been 

externally assured. For any further clarifications or suggestions related to this Report or Teckwah’s sustainability 

initiatives, please reach out to us at info@teckwah.com.sg. 


13

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

As a public listed company, Teckwah complies with the regulations set out by Singapore Exchange Limited. Our 

governance system for transparency and accountability is explained in our annual financial reports. For more details 

on our governance structure, please refer to our Annual Report 2018 on page 38-63. Teckwah has a code of  

business ethics in place, which employees are required to observe and maintain a high standard of integrity and 

business conduct.    

BOARD OF  

DIRECTORS

TOP &amp; SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT

SUSTAINABILITY 

TEAM

Packaging 

Printing

Logistics

Finance

Human 

Resources

Safety

Strategic 

Development, 

Risk and 

Compliance

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The core of our sustainability strategy lies in stakeholder engagement. We strive to engage a wide range of 

stakeholders, defined as groups of people or entities that are directly or indirectly influenced by our business 

operations and outcomes or can significantly influence our businesses. The feedback from our key stakeholder 

groups forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, and is viewed as a valuable insight for the Group 

to continuously improve our sustainability performance. Stakeholder feedback also helps us identify, prioritise and 

address the most significant ESG issues.

To prepare this year’s report, we engaged key internal stakeholders to seek their views and inputs for reporting. 

Through internal discussions and reviews with external consultants, key stakeholder groups are identified across the 

entire value chain. Engagements with key stakeholder groups are planned annually.


14

ENGAGEMENTS WITH KEY STAKEHOLDER GROUPS IN 2018  

ON KEY TOPICS AND CONCERNS

 

Teckwah’s management remains committed to expanding our engagement methods and strengthening 

our engagement framework.  Subsequent outcomes from the engagements are utilised in our  

future disclosures. 

We seek stakeholder feedback through formal and informal channels. Our stakeholder engagement 

framework is set out below, which covers our key stakeholders, their key concerns and frequency  

of engagement. 

» Employee surveys are conducted at  

   least once in five years.

» Monthly management meetings are  

   held to discuss day-to-day operational  

   issues.

» Management by Objectives (“MBO”) 

   meetings are held quarterly to  

   discuss summary of operation issues.

» An annual town hall meeting is held to 

   communicate the Group’s strategy  

   and policy changes.

» Quarterly newsletters are circulated to  

   keep employees abreast of the  

   Group’s new developments.

EMPLOYEES

CUSTOMERS

» Annual customer surveys and  

   engagement activities are  

   administered to measure customer  

   satisfaction and collect feedback.

» Quality business review with key  

   customers to discuss on product   

   enhancements to align and  

   customise with specific their  

   requirements.

» Customer-days are organised  

   to discuss Teckwah service and  

   product solutions.

SUPPLIERS &amp;  

CONTRACTORS

» Safety briefings are regularly  

  conducted for staff and contractors  

  working on site.

» An annual review of suppliers is  

  conducted to evaluate suppliers’  

  performance and raise feedback  

  or concerns.

  Regular review meetings based on  

  self-evaluation checklist are held  

  with local suppliers.

GOVERNMENT

» Teckwah works closely with  

   organisations such as SIMTech   

   to explore relevant technologies to  

   improve operational excellence.

COMMUNITIES &amp; 

ENVIRONMENT

» Corporate Social Responsibility  

   (“CSR”) programmes are carried  

   out on ‘need to’ basis in order to  

   contribute towards  

   environmental and social causes. 

SHAREHOLDERS

» Shareholders are kept abreast of the  

   Group’s key developments through  

   the corporate website, quarterly  

   financial announcements and the  

   year-end Annual Report.

» Annual General Meetings (“AGM”) are  

  conducted to engage our shareholders  

  in two-way communication on  

  the Group’s performance.


15

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Materiality is critical to our corporate sustainability strategy because it ensures we provide our 

stakeholders with the sustainability information most relevant to them and to our business. Last year, we 

completed materiality assessments for four countries: Singapore, Malaysia, China and Indonesia. These 

countries include eleven operating entities and are considered significant locations of operations as they 

are the greatest contributors towards Teckwah’s economic, environmental and social footprint. 

Last year’s materiality assessment process included interviews with internal stakeholders such as 

employees and management, and internal workshops to identify the most important sustainability issues. 

We also took into account the important Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) issues and risks when 

determining our material sustainability issues. Thus, the same four step approach presented below, was 

used in determining the material topics of 2018. We have determined that our material topics remain 

unchanged from 2017.



IDENTIFICATION

» Sustainability team shortlists sustainability  

   issues and topics from an issues universe and    

   GRI Standards respectively.

PRIORITISATION

» Material issues are grouped under the 

  shortlisted GRI Material topics.

» Through discussion and analysis, the topics are  

   ranked based on the significance of their  

   economic, environmental, social and  

   governance impact.

VALIDATION

» The list of ranked material topics is  

   circulated to Top &amp; Senior Management  

   for feedback.





» The Sustainability team re-examines  

   the material topics in relation to the  

   feedback obtained to prepare for reporting.

REVIEW


16

Importance to Stakeholders

Importance to Business

Data Privacy

Material Consumption

Ethics &amp; Anti-corruption

Material Management

Training &amp; Development

Fair Labour &amp; Human Rights

Our Key Material Topics 

» Supply Chain Management

» Waste Management 

» Health &amp; Safety

» Product Quality &amp; Safety

» Economic Performance

MATERIAL MATRIX

We will continue to examine our material issues on an annual basis to capture fresh stakeholder 

perspectives and new sustainability-related industry trends. This will also allow us to further strengthen 

our internal sustainability management framework, processes and procedures.

The material topics for reporting were identified based on the significance of our ESG and economic 

impacts, and the degree of influence they have on stakeholder assessments and decisions. The material 

topics are presented in the materiality matrix below, illustrating the degree of importance to internal and 

external stakeholders. 


17



We adhere to principles of environmental sustainability through practical and relevant programmes  

and initiatives.

We are conscious that some of our operations have a material impact on the environment and thus 

from 2000 onwards, we have attained ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification, 

which governs the various aspects of environmental management and sets standards for identifying and 

controlling the environmental impact of business operations. In compliance with stringent standards, we 

have a strict waste management process which minimises the impact of waste material generated by  

our operations.

Additionally, as an affirmation of our practice of engaging in environmentally-safe manufacturing 

practices, several of our companies dealing in pulp and paper products comply with the standards of the 

Forest Stewardship Council™ Chain of Custody (“FSC™ CoC”). The Forest Stewardship Council™ (“FSC™”) 

is an international non-governmental organisation dedicated to promoting responsible management 

of the world’s forests through various schemes, among which is a wood-labelling scheme that enables 

customers to identify wood and wood-based products from well-managed forests.

PROCESSLESS PLATE INITIATIVE

As part of our environmental commitment, we are redesigning 

our processes and upgrading our technology. One such 

initiative is the use of a new plate output device which is a 

semi-automatic thermal computer-to-plate (“CTP”) device, 

which achieves timely and high-quality plate output. The 

CTP device simplifies the complex processing methods of 

traditional platemaking while increasing the efficiency of the 

process. The CTP device has also allowed us to improve safety 

while decreasing energy consumption by up to 60% during 

production and 73% in stand-by mode.

ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE:

RESOURCE CONSERVATION

As an organisation that is committed to 

sustained growth and value creation, we adopt 

responsible practices towards our people, 

supply chain, the business community and 

the environment. These are encapsulated in 

the various policies that govern our business 

practices, health and safety of our staff and 

stewardship of the environment. 




18

(a) Supply Chain Management

Teckwah’s supply chain is highly distributed and diverse, with suppliers ranging from global multinationals 

to local small businesses. Current practices and initiatives are established and implemented at Teckwah to 

minimise the environmental impact and maximise supply chain efficiencies. 

Teckwah purchases its base chemicals in accordance with strict quality requirements from certified 

suppliers. In the case of key raw materials with limited availability or requiring large purchase volumes, 

Teckwah mandates at least two suppliers whenever possible. For unique, highly innovative technologies, 

the Group seeks to provide approved sources of raw materials via machine manufacture or aims to 

source them in close collaborative partnerships with innovative suppliers. In respect of all the materials 

used, compliance with the relevant statutory registration requirements eg. Registration, Evaluation, 

Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (“REACH”) or Toxic Substances Control Act (“TSCA”) is 

monitored and ensured by a network of global and local specialists as well as external consultants.

Teckwah’s purchasing specialists and technical experts work closely with suppliers’ technical units to fully 

understand raw material flows and optimise costs, quality, availability, and sustainability. 

Suppliers at Teckwah are mindfully selected and undergo regular evaluation. The corresponding findings 

are incorporated into the Group’s risk assessment, along with suppliers’ self-appraisals and data collected 

from the public domain. Potential risks are systematically identified and addressed, particularly in the case 

of local suppliers. If a relevant risk is identified, Teckwah will conduct an audit of the company in question 

to ensure the effective functionality of the latter’s internal risk management system. 

Raw materials are systematically evaluated within Teckwah to assess possible risks relating to quality and 

availability, and to determine relevant measures such as maintaining safety stocks or securing long-term 

supply contracts.

During our assessment of potential suppliers, we analyse the market and identify supplier risks, including 

those related to economic, environmental, and social issues, if deemed necessary. As a service provider, 

Teckwah’s supply chain is primarily dependent on goods and services that are highly regulated or 

commodity based, such as transportation, brokerage, and energy. As a result, Teckwah considers supply 

chain to carry a low risk of violating labour and human rights, or being highly environmentally damaging. 

Currently, we do not disclose information related to screening or impact assessments because we 

consider the information as confidential. In 2018, we did not record any significant environmental, social, 

or labour concerns related to our suppliers.

We require suppliers with access to sensitive Teckwah data to execute a security agreement to ensure 

compliance with Teckwah’s privacy and security standards. Once an agreement is signed with suppliers, 

they are asked to adhere to Teckwah’s Supplier Code of Conduct. The Supplier Code of Conduct covers 

principles of sustainability and since 2018, it includes a portion on Environmental protection. Our goal is 

for all our key suppliers to declare their commitment to the environmental clauses in our Supplier Code  

of Conduct. 

Procurement professionals are located in our corporate, regional, and local offices to help suppliers 

understand and meet our requirements.


19

The engagements with suppliers, as well as with other stakeholders, sometimes require the collection of 

personal data. We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are in compliance with prevailing 

privacy laws and regulations, such as Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act. 

Supplier management and raw material procurement

The raw materials that Teckwah processes into quality products continue to be the Group’s biggest cost 

factor. Therefore, they are high on the risk assessment scale. In 2018, almost 100% of the materials used 

in production – e.g. polyols, epoxy resins, acrylic dispersions, and polycarboxylates – were based on 

fossil fuels or their derivatives. Purchase prices consequently varied according to the supply and demand 

of each raw material and fluctuations in the price of oil. To reduce dependency on crude oil or paper, 

Teckwah increasingly relies on renewable raw materials such as sugar derivatives, bioethanol derivatives, 

and natural oils. Moreover, recycled raw materials are used wherever possible, and many production 

plants implement their own or externally operated recycling loop systems. Mineral substances such as 

calcium carbonate, sand, and cement make up the remaining raw materials.

Collaboration and supplier engagement are vital to our supplier management 

approach. We work with government and non-governmental organisations, as well 

as with suppliers to develop and integrate sustainability best practices into our 

supply chain.

An example of supplier engagement and collaboration is the practice of material 

suppliers sourcing environmentally-friendly material as per our customer 

requirements, especially for pharmaceutical customers. Teckwah and key suppliers participate in 

initiatives to create more sustainable supply chains, and we strongly encourage engagement among our 

transportation suppliers.

In 2018, 9% of new suppliers were screened using environmental criteria compared to 16% in 2017. 

The reason for the drop was that several new suppliers in 2018 had been qualified for areas of facility 

maintenance, procurement of office supplies, etc. It was not applicable or mandatory to screen these 

suppliers using the environmental criteria. Only suppliers of raw materials are assessed by our Quality 

Assurance team in accordance with environmental criteria.

Even though the number of new suppliers screened using environmental criteria decreased in 2018, 

we managed to screen 21 of our existing suppliers, who were not evaluated previously, using the 

environmental criteria. There are instances where customers request the use of environmentally-

friendly material. For that purpose, our target is to strengthen our supply chain management from the 

environmental perspective and ensure that all our eligible suppliers are screened using environmental 

criteria in 2019.

(b) Effluents and Waste

 

At Teckwah, we continuously aim to maximise the reduction of waste generation in all our processes. We 

understand that minimising waste not only leads to cost savings and reduces regulatory and compliance 

risks, but also results in long-term business continuity. Our buyers are consistent in their requirements for 

environmental certifications such as the ISO 14001. As such, we believe that environmentally-conscious 

business growth will lead to a competitive advantage in the long-term.  

of new

suppliers were 

screened using 

enviromental 

criteria


20

In 2018, we retained our practice of conducting environmental testing, inspections and audits on a regular 

basis for the purpose of further strengthening our policies and procedures and identifying any gaps or 

deficiencies. In August 2018, we conducted an environmental test to ensure we were adhering to right 

environmental practices. Internal targets and Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) are in place as part of our 

Quality, Environmental, Safety and Health Management System(“QuESHMS”) Policy. Monitoring to ensure 

adherence to regulatory and compliance environmental requirements is critical. As part of our Quality, 

Environmental, Safety and Health  (“QuESH”) internal targets for environmental impact performance, we 

target to reduce electricity usage by 2% by the year 2020 using 2017’s baseline. We aim to achieve this by 

changing all light fittings to LED. For now, we have commenced using LED high bay lights in our warehouses 

and plan to eventually replace the carpark lights to LED in batches. Another small, but meaningful initiative 

is turning off the production lights during lunch time. In 2018, we managed to reduce our electricity 

consumption by 0.37%.

In terms of industrial toxic waste reduction, we have made some progress in 2018 towards our target of 5% 

by 2020 using 2017’s baseline. However, we are still far from target because of an increase in the cost of 

treating chemical waste. The types of waste generated from our Packaging Printing operations are: paper, 

stretch wrap, ink, chemical waste, plastic, waste glue and wooden pallets. Paper is used for office and 

labelling purposes. The main types of waste generated from our Logistics operations are: paper, ink, chemical 

waste, plastic and wooden pallet. 

In 2018, paper and stretch wrap consumption continued to decrease, as a result of reduction in printing, 

labelling and wrapping requests from customers as well as the streamlining of operational processes to 

reduce paper usage. 

In view of our commitment towards reducing waste material and its impact, we strive to use recycled paper  

based on consumption volume. Our philosophy behind resource optimisation and conservation is to create 

“more from less”. 

This year, after performing the annual impact assessment, we observed a new trend in paper use: the 

physical print-outs of documents and invoices for order processing were notably reduced, being replaced 

with digital copies. After the last exercise performed in 2017, our team managed to reach out to customers in 

2018 to encourage them to adopt e-invoicing with a resultant decrease in hard copy invoices.

We also monitored our water consumption through the Building Management System (“BMS”). In case of an 

upsurge in the consumption of water, the system alerts the team to detect potential leakages. 


21

In Teckwah Value Chain Singapore, around 1,331 (88%) metric tonnes of hazardous waste were sent for 

recovery (including energy recovery). This is mainly due to greater efficiency in our work processes. The 

reused and recycled hazardous waste has decreased compared to 2017. Across all countries, around 102 

metric tonnes were disposed for reuse,1  while 15 metric tonnes were recycled. In 2018, no hazardous waste 

was disposed for composting, similar to 2017.2  Around 1,510 metric tonnes and 10,119 metric tonnes of 

total hazardous and non-hazardous waste were generated during 2018.  Out of 10,119 metric tonnes of 

non-hazardous waste, around 310 metric tonnes went to landfill. Around 8,503 metric tonnes were sent for 

reuse and recycling in 2018.3 The overall reduction in waste is attributed to the 5% reduction of waste in 

our Singapore operations. We intend to continue our waste reduction efforts in line with our 2020 target of 

reducing solid and liquid toxic industrial waste by 5% using 2017’s baseline. 

In 2018, Teckwah sourced nearly 20% of our raw material (i.e. paper) from FSC™ certified paper mills and we 

strive to increase this figure to 50%. The number of FSC™ certified products in our portfolio is less than 5%. 

By adopting these standards, Teckwah hopes to operationalise environmental protection within our business 

processes. Within our workplace, we continuously encourage proper disposal of waste for recycling by 

prominently locating recycle bins. 

Teckwah stays committed to ensuring that waste is properly disposed in accordance to local regulations. In 

Singapore, the waste is weighed by our authorised waste collectors before being sent to incineration plants 

for energy recovery. Waste disposal in China, Malaysia and Indonesia are, likewise, conducted by authorised, 

external waste collectors and sent to landfill in accordance to their regulations.

 1  Disposed for reuse means that the waste is sold to a recycling company.

 2  Restatement of information from Sustainability Report 2017, due to error in calculation. 

 3  Most of the waste disposal information is provided by the waste disposal contractors.


22

SOCIAL PERFORMANCE:

SAFETY AND QUALITY

To ensure staff are equipped with the necessary skillsets and knowledge to perform and excel in their roles, 

Teckwah invests in an array of training programmes for our people, which include technical, industrial and 

on-the-job training. In 2018, we focused on promoting the usage of “Teckwah Connect”, which was launched 

last year. It is an internal platform for soliciting staff feedback, insights and suggestions on the working 

environment, processes and relationships. 

The following tables present our human capital data in 2017 and 2018:



Male

Female

Permanent Contract

Temporary Contract

Full-Time

 

Part-Time

1017

13

542

13

1030

0

555

0

Total Number of Employees by 

Contract Type &amp; Gender in 2017

Permanent Contract

Temporary Contract

Full-Time

 

Part-Time

984

62

549

22

1046

0

571

0

Total Number of Employees by 

Contract Type &amp; Gender in 2018

Total Number  

of Employees

Permanent Contract

Temporary Contract

Singapore

430

3

Indonesia

334

7

Malaysia

339

5

China

456

11

Total Number of Employees by Contract Type &amp; Countries in  2017


23

Total Number  

of Employees

Permanent Contract

Temporary Contract

Singapore

399

4

Indonesia

333

0

Malaysia

340

18

China

461

62

Total Number of Employees by Contract Type &amp; Countries in 2018

The total number of employees across all categories and countries increased by 2% in 2018. The number 

of temporary contract employees in China increased as well due to challenges in recruiting permanent 

employees in the same period.

(a) Occupational Health and Safety

A commitment to employee health, safety and well-being is embedded in our culture and shapes the 

design of our products, processes, and supply chain. We take a holistic approach, offering a wide variety 

of guides, training, processes, programmes, and benefits to promote employee health, safety and 

wellness. Depending on the purpose, these initiatives may be implemented at group or country level. This 

section highlights our compliance with the Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) Regulations and the 

execution of best practices or initiatives.

Teckwah’s commitment to our employees, customers and the community at large is established in 

QuESHMS. QuESHMS seeks to effectively identify, assess and treat all QuESH related risks associated 

with our business activities, products and services in a responsible manner. In adhering to the principles 

of QuESH, we ensure regulatory compliance, the protection of our employees against injury and ill-health 

and the safeguarding of the environment. Employees undergo training and re-training on their roles 

and responsibilities under QuESHMS. Operational objectives and processes were set in consideration of 

prevention of pollution, injury and ill-health. All building premises are closely monitored and guarded by 

in-house security systems with access to all areas generally restricted and limited to authorised personnel.

Besides QuESHMS, the Environmental, Safety and Health (“ESH”) Committee was established to ensure 

the safety, health and security well-being of employees. ESH members actively promote environmental, 

occupational health and safety awareness, and provide information and guidance on the establishment 

of QuESH management systems at Teckwah.  The Committee is incorporated into functional roles 

of business units and the members work with respective department heads to minimise exposure to 

occupational health and safety risks. For example, to ensure a safe working environment for staff, 

mandatory workplace safety inspections (in offices, production floors, and warehouses) and fire safety 

inspections are conducted on a monthly basis. 


24

Being Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (“OHSAS”) 18001 compliant, we were in 

strict compliance with the WSH Regulations and recommendations in 2018, having instituted a Hearing 

Conservation Programme that is now in its 15th year. The aim of this programme is to minimise the 

exposure of our employees to noise-induced deafness. A comprehensive set of practices is implemented, 

which includes scheduled noise monitoring and the use of appropriate hearing protection devices to 

counter audio hazards.  

The chart below depicts the injury rate by gender in 2018 for all permanent employees at significant4 

locations of operations. Different types of injuries include hand and leg injuries.5 The injury rate is 

calculated as frequency of injuries relative to the total time worked by all workers during the reporting 

period, which is multiplied by the standardised rate of 200,000 labour hours.6  In 2018, the average 

injury rate, across all countries and gender, was 1.51. Compared to 2017’s average injury rate of 1.74,7  we 

observed a decrease in 2018 amounting to 0.23 (or approximately 13%). The main reason behind the 

decrease in the injury rate in all countries is the continuous emphasis on the importance of safety and 

regular safety training sessions conducted. Other significant changes that resulted in this decrease are 

installation of sensors or protection bars on the machines and placement of additional safety signs. Minor 

(first-aid level) injuries are excluded in the injury rate calculations.

4 Our significant locations of operations include eleven operating entities located across Singapore, Indonesia,   

  China and Malaysia, as these are significant to Teckwah’s economic, environmental and social footprint. 

5  No Occupational diseases were reported during 2018. There has been no work related fatalities during 2018.

6  The standard base rate of calculation is based on a rate of 200,000 labour hours. This number equates to 100  

   employees, who work 40 hours per week, and who work 50 weeks per year. Using this standardised base rate,  

   we calculated rate(s) and percentage per 100 employees.

7  Restatement of information given in the Sustainability Report 2017, due to correction of the formula.

At Teckwah, there has been no fatal injury to any temporary employee.


25

The lost day rate is calculated by multiplying the total number of lost work days for the year by 200,0008, 

then dividing that number by the total number of employee labour hours. In 2018, on average across all 

countries and both genders, 18 days were lost from work due to work related injuries or illnesses.9 In 2017, 

the overall average lost day rate was 8.9 days10.

“Absentee” means absent from work because of incapacity of any kind, not necessarily as a result of 

work-related injury or disease, but excludes permitted leave absence such as holidays, examination leave, 

maternity or paternity leave, and compassionate leave. The absentee rate is calculated as actual absentee 

days lost, expressed as a percentage of total days scheduled to be worked by employees for the entire 

year.11  In 2018, on average across all countries and both genders, the absentee rate was 1.01%, which 

marks an increase of 0.05% from last year’s rate, 0.95%12.

The targets for our health and safety performance remain the same i.e. to minimise the injury, lost day and 

absentee rates. We aim to fulfil our 2020 targets of accident severity rate being less than 12 and accident 

frequency rate being less than 0.8.

8 The standard base rate of calculation is based on a rate of 200,000 labour hours. This number equates to 100  

  employees, who work 40 hours per week, and who work 50 weeks per year. Using this standardised base rate,  

  we calculated rate(s) and percentage per 100 employees.

9 While calculating lost days, ‘days’ means scheduled work days. 

10 Restatement of information given in the Sustainability Report 2017, due to correction of the number of  

   employees in Malaysia.

11 As per GRI Standards.

12 Restatement of information given in the Sustainability Report 2017, due to correction of the number of  

   employees in Malaysia.


26

Employee Engagement

The Staff Wellbeing Committee was formed from a merger of the Staff Club, 3S and 5S Committees in 

2017. The Committee organises company events as well as staff engagement and wellbeing activities.  

Staff welfare activities carried out in 2018 included distributing birthday gifts to our employees, as well 

as Staff Appreciation Days. Staff bonding activities included movie nights and Pixel Games, a monthly 

departmental event that promotes staff interaction and teambuilding. Engagement platforms in Teckwah 

included staff feedback sessions (i.e. Teckwah Connect), annual staff performance appraisals, as well as, 

staff on-boarding activities. An on-boarding initiative, “Teckwah &amp; I”, is organised a few times a year for 

new staff. The initiative comprises an orientation programme, followed by a company tour and welcome 

lunch by Top and Senior Management. Company events 

are organised based on major holidays, such as Lunar 

New Year and Christmas, and for special occasions, 

such as our 50th Anniversary. Various Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) events (see CSR section) were 

also initiated in 2018.

Employee Development and Training

Teckwah’s training programmes, provide opportunities 

for staff to upgrade and enhance their professional 

effectiveness, thereby enhancing their career prospects 

within the organisation. 

Our annual Training Needs Analysis (“TNA”) was conducted to identify the skill gaps and training 

requirements for our employees. After 2017’s analysis, the Total Learning Plan 2017 was established, which 

injected new and wide-ranging training courses over and above the existing core training programmes. 

The courses aimed to equip our staff with skills relevant to their jobs as well as those which will help 

them progress in their careers. In 2018, we continued 

to implement some of 2017’s courses: Organisational 

Excellence which tackled the Personal Data Protection 

Act; “Teckwah &amp; I” orientation programme; and a 

Performance Management Briefing. Management 

systems training included ISO Training, Security 

Awareness Training, Risk Assessment Training, as 

well as First Aid and Fire Drill Training and FSC™ 

CoC Training. Other types of training programmes 

and courses included Digital Transformation and 

Innovation™ (“DTI™”) Programme for selected 

employees innovation course and refresher courses on machine operation. The DTI™ Programme was 

introduced in 2018 to gear our operations, people and processes towards Industry 4.0.

The Organisational Excellence, Management Systems and Innovation courses were mandatory for all 

staff.  We also sponsored external training for more than 30 employees. Some of these included: Good 

Manufacturing Practices Awareness, Cloudsec Singapore 2018 - Freedom to Connect, Business Etiquette 

and Professional Image, NICS – Cyber Security for ICT Professionals, Financial Reporting Standards: 

Annual Update 2018, etc.






27

From the workplace safety perspective, a comprehensive range of workshops are made available to staff 

at Teckwah. These programmes are taught by safety 

professionals, which certify frontline managers and 

supervisors who, in turn, instruct employees on the 

specifics of each course. Training is customised to meet 

market-specific standards. The Management regularly 

commends employees with exceptional safety records 

and encourages staff to strive for high standards in 

safety. 

(b) Product and Service Quality and Safety

In 2018, we upgraded our Packaging Printing equipment in tandem with the industry’s push towards 

digitalisation. For our Logistics business, we continued with the ongoing software upgrades and greater 

automation which will ensure we continue to create value and maximise efficiencies of for our customers’ 

supply chain. This year we are continuing to scale up our “Global Access, Local Supply” strategy to further 

increase our international presence and will invest in new hardware and software to ensure best-in-class 

products, services and solutions for our customers. 

To ensure quality for our customers, we provide for regular on-the job trainings on product and service 

quality to all employees. 

In 2018, we performed a customer satisfaction survey to evaluate the performance of our products and 

services. The survey was conducted by our Business Development team and the results were shared on a 

quarterly basis, during the MBO meetings.

We adhere to international standards to ensure the quality and safety of our products. Through 

QuESHMS, we seek to effectively identify, assess and treat all quality and safety related risks associated 

with our business activities, products and services in a responsible manner.

Teckwah sets defined standards for risk provisions that are binding for its packaging printing and logistics 

operations. These standards form part of the group-wide “Teckwah Corporate Management System” 

and determine, for example, processes and guidelines in the areas of purchasing, quality, environment, 

health and safety. Together with the statutory regulations, the standards are also documented in the 

management systems within the Group. 

Teckwah is certified to ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management and ISO 9001:2015 Quality 

Management Systems, and also have the OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety  

Assessment Certification.

Audits and inspections remain important as they provide the management with regular, independent 

assessments of compliance with regulatory and official requirements as well as with Teckwah’s internal 

risk management guidelines and principles. They also ensure the effectiveness of processes and related 

controls. Quality, environment, safety and risk factors, technology, legal matters, IT security, suppliers, 

and products are all subject to audit. Besides the ISO internal audit which is performed annually, safety 

inspections by a WSH officer and ESH members are performed every two weeks. The product end quality 

inspection is performed on a daily basis by our quality assurance and quality control inspectors and 

operators. Process audit, on the other hand, is conducted by customers periodically.




28

Our key suppliers are identified based on the value of monetary transactions. For them, we perform 

checks on quality, quantity and on-time delivery. For our overseas suppliers, we have a self-evaluation 

checklist in place. Teckwah also regularly audits production and logistics of local companies. This includes 

recording any risks that may result in production downtime, personal injury, property damage, or liability 

claims. The probability and the significance of these risks are assessed, and measures to minimise the 

potential risk and enhance safety are subsequently identified and implemented. 

Teckwah has succeeded in reducing the number of accidents significantly and is constantly working on 

further improvements. One of the company’s main focus is accident prevention, for which we operate a 

global, web-based emergency notification and crisis management service solution. 

For products and services, Teckwah implements a structured Product Development Process that 

factors in potential risks. The Group monitors ecological and safety aspects during the development, 

production, and product handling stages. For this purpose, it has introduced the specific checking of new 

developments against a sustainability profile. Teckwah aims to focus on market opportunities and risks, 

product sustainability performance, and the protection of intellectual property.

Teckwah managed to refine its global protocol and procedures to minimise the risks of liability and 

product complaints in advisory and sales activities. With the help of additional measures, including the 

regular training of employees, clearly formulated standards, detailed causal analyses, and stricter controls, 

the expenditure for product-related claims is being reduced steadily. To avoid the risk of customers using 

Teckwah’s products incorrectly, Teckwah provides clear instructions, application training, and support 

to customers, as well as extensive documentation and quality control. There have been no incidents of 

non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of 

products and services within the reporting period. Our target is to continue our record of zero incidence 

of such non-compliance.


29



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE:

GROWTH WITH PURPOSE

Economic performance is defined as our most 

material aspect because, like most companies, 

our economic success ensures our long-term 

viability and enables the execution of our 

sustainability strategies.

Economic performance is defined as our most material 

aspect because, like most companies, our economic 

success ensures our long-term viability and enables the 

execution of our sustainability strategies. In this section, 

we will highlight the direct economic value generated and 

distributed, defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans and financial assistance received  

from government.

Our primary role in society remains the enablement of 

commerce by connecting individuals and organisations 

across countries and territories. Customers utilise our broad logistics capabilities, global presence, 

industry-leading technologies, and solutions expertise to build competitive advantages in their  

respective markets.

Despite the weaker economic performance in 2018, compared to previous years, we are determined 

to achieve growth and profitability.  We continued to demonstrate the trends of increased expertise in 

the integrated carrier space, logistics outsourcing, and expansion of global trade, emerging market and 

e-commerce growth in retail sector. We relied on our long history of producing strong financial results, 

maintaining a solid balance sheet and high credit rating, distributing dividends, cultivating brand and 

customer loyalty, and positioning our business to capitalise on growth trends. 

As 2018 was the Year of Climate Action in Singapore, we continued to monitor the opportunities and 

risks to our economic performance which arise from climate change. We still aim to reduce the emissions 

intensity of global supply chains by delivering goods in a more efficient manner. This capability will grow 

and becomes even more important as emerging markets develop and as the flow of goods and  

services expands.




30

Our main climate change related economic risk was regulatory risk; the possibility that countries or 

regions of the world will increase regulation of greenhouse gas emissions to include significant new 

taxes, fees or other costs for transportation and logistics companies. It is still impossible to quantify this 

risk, because different countries, regions, and states follow different paths with regard to climate change 

mitigation and associated regulation. Our main strategies for managing this risk include continuous 

improvement of our fuel and emissions efficiency and ensuring policymakers and the public are aware of 

our contributions to more carbon-efficient commerce for millions of companies.

One of the main themes or focus of the Group’s 50th Anniversary was gratitude: towards our present 

and past staff as well as customers and suppliers for support that has made Teckwah what it is today. 

Our gratitude also extends to the wider community which we demonstrated through CSR contributions 

to local and overseas communities. In the course of the anniversary celebrations, our staff participated in 

numerous volunteer activities, presented in the CSR segment below.

Corporate Social Responsibility

The 2018 CSR activities were also inspired by our 50th 

Anniversary theme: giving back to the local and overseas 

communities. Our employees took time off to volunteer for 

those in need. Some of the activities included home visits, 

packing and distributing hampers, cheque donations and  

charity fair.

Environmental initiatives

In addition, our colleagues from Taiwan also participated 

in a beach clean-up event on the shoreline of Taipei, 

with the aim of raising environmental awareness around 

proper waste disposal. Besides these waste management 

initiatives, we also initiated a move towards changing 

our process for transmission of customs documents 

for our subsidiary in Hong Kong, by taking part in the 

Paperless Trade initiative. We contributed to reducing 

environmental footprint by enabling electronic 

transmission, thus reducing paper use.

Community Outreach

In 2018, the Group donated 302 food hampers and 

as well as contributed financially to Club Rainbow in 

Singapore, a non-profit organisation which supports 

families of children suffering from chronic and potentially 

life-threatening illnesses. Staff from various overseas 

subsidiaries also organised and participated in CSR 

activities. Groups of staff visited local senior homes in 

Japan and Singapore. A book donation charity event 

was organised in Shanghai, while local staff volunteered 

at the charity food fair in Singapore. Staff from our 

Indonesia subsidiary visited and donated supplies to two 

orphanages in Indonesia as part of the relief efforts in response to the earthquake in Lombok and Pulau. 








31

During the year, the Group held a business forum to facilitate discussion while gaining expert advice on 

the challenges of succession and transformation in family-owned enterprises. The Group also participated 

as a major sponsor in Singapore’s National Day Parade 2018.

Educational Outreach

Teckwah has invested in human capital through engaging 

institutes at higher learning. As part of the learning 

initiative, interns from Dunman High School, ITEs and 

Polytechnics were welcomed into the Group. We have 

also hosted sharing sessions with students from China 

Europe International Business School and National 

Taiwan Normal University about Teckwah’s success.



2018 was marked by tough economic conditions – the US-China trade standoff, uncertain future for the 

European Union in light of Brexit, higher commodity prices and political tensions around the world. These 

events affected the whole economy and weakened our economic performance slightly. We observed a fall 

in revenues due to lower demand from customers for both Packaging Printing and Logistics. As a result,  

profits decreased due to the lower revenue and the higher material and operational cost. The rationale for 

the higher cost is the increased variable cost (paper price) and the stable fixed cost despite the fall  

in revenue. 

Teckwah’s 50th Anniversary celebration motivated the Management to increase the ratio of economic 

value distributed to shareholders and increase community investment, compared to 2017. Our 2019 target 

is to continue to improve our economic performance and create value for our stakeholders. Please refer to 

Financial Statements in our Annual Report 2018 on page 74-159 for more details on direct economic value 

generated and distributed in 2018 at group level.


GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Number

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

102-8

102-9

102-10

 

102-11

102-12

102-13

Strategy

102-14

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Governance

102-18

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

102-41

102-42

102-43

102-44

Reporting Practice

102-45

 

102-46

102-47

102-48

102-49

102-50

102-5 

102-52

102-53

102-54

102-55

102-56

Name of the organisation

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organisation

Information on employees and other workers

Supply chain

Significant changes to the organisation  

and its supply chain

Precautionary Principle or approach

External initiatives

Membership of associations

 

Statement from senior decision-maker

Values, principles, standards, and norms  

of behaviour

Governance structure

List of stakeholder groups

Collective bargaining agreements

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Defining report content and topic boundaries

List of material topics

Restatements of information

Changes in reporting

Reporting period

Date of most recent report

Reporting cycle

Contact point for questions  

regarding the report

Claims of reporting in accordance  

with the GRI Standards

GRI content index

External assurance

1

7-10

9

9

13

8

22

22-23

10

7-10

13-16

9

9

3-4

7

13

13-16

N.A

13-16

13-16

13-16

Please Refer to Annual 

Report for Financial 

Data

14-16

16

22-25

N.A 

11

25July2018

11

12

11

32-33

12


Material Topics

103-1

 

103-2

103-3

308-1

 

 

103-1

103-2

 

103-3

306-2

103-1

103-2

103-3

403-2

 

103-1

 

103-2

103-3

416-2

103-1

103-2

103-3

201-1

Supply chain management

Waste Management

Explanation of the material topic  

and its boundary

The management approach and  

its components

Evaluation of the management approach

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

 

Explanation of the material topic and  

its boundary

The management approach and  

its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Waste by type and disposal method

Explanation of the material topic  

and its boundary

The management approach and  

its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Types of injury and rates of injury,  

occupational diseases, lost days,  

and absenteeism, and number of  

work-related fatalities

Explanation of the material topic  

and its boundary

The management approach  

and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Incidence of non-compliance  

concerning the health and safety  

impacts of products and services

Explanation of the material topic  

and its boundary

The management approach  

and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Direct economic value generated  

and distributed

 

Occupational Health and Safety

Product Quality and Safety

Economic Performance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 2016

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

GRI 306: Effluents 

and waste 2016

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

 GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety 2016

 

 

GRI 103:  

Management 

Approach 2016

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 

2016

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

12, 15-20

15-20

15-20

15-20

12, 15, 20-21

20-21

20-21

20-21

12, 15, 22-25

22-25

22-25

22-25

12, 15, 26-28

26-28

26-28

26-28

12, 15, 29-31

29-31

29-31

29-31 

Please refer to Annual Report  

for further Details


TECKWAH INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LTD

(Company Registration Number: 197201105E)

51 Tai Seng Avenue #05-01

Pixel Red Singapore 533941

T   : 65 6872 8181

F   : 65 6872 8199

W : www.teckwah.com.sg

E   : info@teckwah.com.sg



