
 

 

 

 

 

 





Sustainability Report 2020 


2 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

CONTENTS 

 

3 

BOARD STATEMENT 

4 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

6 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

9 

ECONOMIC 

10 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

11 

SOCIAL 

12 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of The Place Holdings 

Limited (“The Place”, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. This report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance (EESG) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-

month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2020. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and 

cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information provided have not been 

verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the Group 

(the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

To promote environmental conservation, no hard copies of this Report has been printed. A 

digital copy can be found on our website at http://www.theplaceholdings.com or SGX’s 

website at http://www.sgx.com. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to aili.tay@theplaceholdings.com. 

 

 

17 April 2021 

 

 

 


4 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

 CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, The Place Holdings Limited (“The Place 

Holdings”, the “Company” or “天阶控股” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), is an 

investment holding company with a business model that integrates omni-channel strategies 

and innovative business concepts (such as “new-retail” solutions), built upon 3 core 

business pillars: 

1.     Property development and property management activities  

2.     Cultural tourism with “new retail” business concept 

3.     Integrated media-related businesses with management &amp; operation rights 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group is backed by the key management team of The Place Investment Group, a multi-

billion PRC conglomerate that has a strong track record for its extensive business portfolio in 

tourism, media, property management, biomedical technology investments and international 

trade. One of its key projects is “The Place” (世贸天阶), located in Beijing CBD area, that 

integrates Asia’s largest LED Skyscreen and has since become a renowned Beijing landmark. 

 

Embolden with a new business approach and forward-looking corporate culture, The Place 

Holdings is expanding our business presence of profitable businesses with high growth 

potential in Singapore and China through organic and inorganic initiatives.  

 





Cultural tourism and 

related “new retail” 

business 

Property development 

and property 

management services 

Media-related businesses 

with management &amp; 

operation rights 






5 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

1.1. 

 Group’s Vision 

 

 

 

To create a better future for our stakeholders and communities by 

embodying the spirit of enduring innovation and entrepreneurship 

in our core business pillars. 

 

1.1. 

Group’s Mission 

 

Dedicated in fostering the holistic development of our core business 

pillars by creating a dynamic, positive, results-driven work 

environment focused on the investment and development of long-

term collaborative partnerships based on professional ethics and 

mutual trust. 

 

 

 

1.2. 

Business Ethics 

 

 

 

The Group is committed to safeguard the interests of our 

stakeholders through sustainable growth. To achieve 

this, we uphold ourselves to high standards of corporate 

governance, business and ethical conduct. 

 

This value has been communicated to all of our 

employees, major suppliers and business partners. 

Adhering to corporate governance, business and ethical 

conduct is preach constantly at internal meetings. Any 

forms of corruption within the Group will not be tolerated, 

and will be escalated to the Executive Chairman of the 

Board of Directors. 

 




6 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders and employees. We adopt 

both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

 

In order to ensure that our business interests are aligned with those of our stakeholders, we 

regularly engage with them through various medium and channels. This helps us understand 

and address their concerns, while improving our own service and product standards, and 

business operations for long-term growth and sustainability. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Key Concerns  

Engagement Platforms 

Suppliers 

• 

Service quality 

• 

Vendor assessment via Face-to-face 

meetings 

Customers 

• 

Quality products and services 

• 

Feedback handling via Face-to-face 

meetings, emails and phone calls 

Employees 

• 

Benefits and remuneration 

• 

Employee engagement 

• 

Talent retention and career 

progression 

• 

Employee safety and well-being 

• 

Training and development 

 

• Mobile chat groups and SMS  

• Internal and external trainings  

• Whistle blowing policy 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakehold

ers

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


7 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

Key Stakeholders 

Key Concerns  

Engagement Platforms 

Investors and Shareholders 

• Financial performance and stability 

• Business diversification 

• Regulatory compliance 

• Risk management 

• Corporate governance  

 

• 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

• 

Dedicated investor relations section 

on Company website 

• 

Half-yearly financial results 

announcement 

Government and Regulators 

• 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

• 

Maintaining good corporate 

governance standard  

• 

Anti-corruption and bribery 

• 

Develop and maintain relationships 

and communication channels with 

government agencies and regulators 

across different business aspects 

 

 

The Place is a member of Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”) as required by SBF Act.  

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. The process 

of which are as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


8 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from 

GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









SOCIAL 

 

Employment 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

 









ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-corruption 

 

 









GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Risk Management 

 

 









ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

 


















9 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

 ECONOMIC  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

The Place firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s 

basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into 

account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society 

as a whole.  

 

 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2020: 

• 

Financial Highlights 

• 

Financial Statements 

We will put in place an innovative team and will inject high-quality projects into the listed 

company to demonstrate our commitment to foster mutually beneficial relationships while at 

the same time creating value for our Singapore-based stakeholders. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Place do not tolerate corruption in any form, such as extortion and bribery. This has been 

made clear to our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. There have also been 

no reported incidents of corruption during the same reporting period. 

 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Place does not tolerate any malpractice, impropriety, statutory non-compliance or 

wrongdoing by staff in the course of their work. Our Whistleblowing Policy is intended to 

provide a framework to promote responsible and secure whistleblowing without fear of adverse 

consequences. 




10 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

Employees and outside parties, such as suppliers, customers, contractors and other 

stakeholders, may use the procedures set out in the Policy to report any concern or complaint 

regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, internal controls, disclosure matters, 

conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with competitors, serious breaches of Group policy, 

unsafe work practices or any other matters involving fraud, corruption and employee 

misconduct. 

 

The Policy allows for reporting by employees or outside parties of such matters to the Lead 

Independent Director of the Company, without fear of reprisal, discrimination or adverse 

consequences, and also permits the Group to address such reports by taking appropriate 

action, including, but not limited to, disciplining or terminating the employment and/or services 

of those responsible. 

 

Complaints are directed to the Audit Committee of the Company via a designated e-mail 

(feedback@theplaceholdings.com). 

 

All whistle blowing reports are investigated thoroughly, independently and fairly, with prompt 

and proper closure. 

 

 

 ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Similar to FY2019, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

resulting in significant fines or sanctions in FY2020. We endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 

 


11 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

 SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT  

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals 

based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, 

rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the 

protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

 

Continuous open dialogue is the main platform used to engage our employees. Open 

dialogues are conducted informally to encourage employees to raise any issues to 

management. We believe that this provides a more interactive and direct channel for any form 

of feedback. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our 

employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to 

exercise freedom of association. 

 

Our headcount increases from seven in FY2019 to eight in FY2020. One employee was 

recruited in FY2020 while there were two resignations. Our employee’s gender ratio is six 

males to two females. Four employees aged between 30-50 years old while four employees 

aged between 50-60 years old.  

 

 

There have been no reports of discrimination based on race, age or gender within the Group. 

 

 

 

 VS 

 


12 

 

The Place Holdings Limited 

Sustainability 2020 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

The Place is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and anti-competitive practices. There 

were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations over the past year. 

 

 

MEMBERSHIP 

 

 

 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of The Place are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant 

drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

shareholders. Please refer to the Annual Report FY2020 for details of the Group’s Corporate 

Governance Report. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise 

risk management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the 

sustainability of the Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having 

regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk 

management, please refer to Group’s Corporate Governance Report of our Annual Report 

FY2020.  

 




13 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

The Place Holdings Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

China 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report (AR)  

102-6 

Markets served 

China 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR, SR page 11 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 11 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

The Place supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR page 12 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 5 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR  

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 6-7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 6-7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 6-7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 8 


14 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR  

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 8 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2020 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

13 April 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core option). 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 13-14 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 9 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 10 

GRI 401:  

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR page 11 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR page 12 

 

 

 

 

 

