
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Sustainability Report 2018 


1 

 

1. BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of The Place Holdings Limited 

(“The Place”, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). This 

report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. This report highlights the key economic, environmental, 

social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, 

from 1 January to 31 December 2018. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and 

cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information provided have not been 

verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the Group 

(the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

To promote environmental conservation, no hard copies of this report has been printed. A 

digital copy can be found on our website at http://www.theplaceholdings.com.   

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to aili.tay@theplaceholdings.com. 

 

22 April 2019 

 

 

 


2 

 

2. CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, The Place Holdings Limited (f.k.a. 

“Eucon Holding Limited”) (“The Place” or “the Group”) is an investment holding company 

whose portfolio coverage will include the investment, development and management of Media, 

Integrated Tourism and tourism-related “new retail” businesses. 

 

The Group is backed by the key management team of The Place Investment Group, a multi-

billion PRC conglomerate renowned for its extensive businesses in tourism, media, property 

management, biomedical technology investments and international trade. 

 

The Group’s core belief is to embrace a lifelong, forward-looking, bold and modern thinking. 

Through the spirit of innovation, courage to explore and keeping in touch with industry elites 

and market developments, they assure the Group in maintain a leading position in the industry, 

IT, and media and communication aspects. 

 

At management level, the Group has created a team that is vigorous and committed. With a 

high degree of cohesiveness and effective execution, the management team is good at seizing 

opportunities and implementing projects swiftly, providing the Group huge cost-savings and 

substantial rewards. 

 

Meticulous but understanding the overall situation is the selling point of the Group’s product. 

Paying attention to details is the vitality while working with partners and a clear picture of the 

overall situation creates value and product superiority.  

 

In all collaborations, the Group strives to create value but at the same time maintain amicable 

balance between reality and rewards. With creating a win-win situation for all parties a priority 

uphold by the Group. The Group seeks the most justifiable business development plan while 

preserving the interests of all partners. 

 

The Group's current business activities include: 

 

• 

Provision of comprehensive branding strategy, planning and organising of 

corporate events, and exhibitions, and other large-scale events, and 

• 

Development and operating of integrated tourism business including but not limited 

to the development of tourist townships near renowned tourist destinations, the 

development of commercial malls, hotels, entertainment and recreation facilities, 

resorts, corporate clubhouses and wellness resorts for the elderly; and 

• 

Establishing, acquiring and/or otherwise investing in companies in the “new retail” 

businesses (i.e. those which manage and/or provide retail services by 

incorporating new advances in technology including but not limited to big data, 

payment, logistics, virtual reality) within the tourism industry which has synergies 

with the Company’s integrated tourism business. 

 

The Group is expanding through acquisition of profitable businesses with high growth potential.  

 

 


3 

 

2.1. 

Group’s Vision 

To create a better future by embodying the spirit of enduring innovation. To create 

product superiority and society values by embracing a committed attitude.  

 

2.2. 

Group’s Mission 

To foster the holistic development of tourism, new retail, real estate and media and 

emerge as the underlying innovator of respective industries. 

 

2.3. 

Business Ethics 

The Group is committed to safeguard the interests of our stakeholders through sustainable 

growth. To achieve this, we uphold ourselves to high standards of corporate governance, 

business and ethical conduct. 

 

This value has been communicated to all of our employees, major suppliers and business 

partners. Adhering to corporate governance, business and ethical conduct is preach 

constantly at internal meetings. Any forms of corruption within the Group will not be 

tolerated, and will be escalated to the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. 


4 

 

3. OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders and employees. We adopt 

both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Service quality 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

Annually or when needed 

Foreign currency exposure 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Quarterly or when needed 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Obtaining staff insurance 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Ability to source for more 

contracts 

Government and 

Regulators 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Maintaining good corporate 

governance standard  

Announcement 

Quarterly or when needed 

 

The Place is a member of Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”) as required by SBF Act.  

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. The process 

of which are as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from 

GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

ECONOMIC 

Economic Performance 

Anti-corruption 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Environmental Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SOCIAL 

Employment 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

GOVERNANCE 

Corporate Governance 

Risk Management 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW










6 

 

4. ECONOMIC  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Place firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s 

basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into 

account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society 

as a whole.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2018: 

• 

Financial Highlights, pages 16 to 17 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 53 to 110 

 

We will put in place an innovative team and will inject high-quality projects into the listed 

company to demonstrate our commitment to foster mutually beneficial relationships while at 

the same time creating value for our Singapore-based stakeholders. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

The Place do not tolerate corruption in any form, such as extortion and bribery. This has been 

made clear to our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. There have also been 

no reported incidents of corruption during the same reporting period. 

 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Place does not tolerate any malpractice, impropriety, statutory non-compliance or 

wrongdoing by staff in the course of their work. Our Whistleblowing Policy is intended to 

provide a framework to promote responsible and secure whistleblowing without fear of adverse 

consequences. 

 

Employees and outside parties, such as suppliers, customers, contractors and other 

stakeholders, may use the procedures set out in the Policy to report any concern or complaint 

regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, internal controls, disclosure matters, 

conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with competitors, serious breaches of Group policy, 

unsafe work practices or any other matters involving fraud, corruption and employee 

misconduct. 

 

The Policy allows for reporting by employees or outside parties of such matters to the Lead 

Independent Director of the Company, without fear of reprisal, discrimination or adverse 

consequences, and also permits the Group to address such reports by taking appropriate 

action, including, but not limited to, disciplining or terminating the employment and/or services 

of those responsible. 

 

Complaints are directed to the Lead Independent Director of the Company via a designated 

e-mail.  

 

Target: No instances of corruption throughout the year. 


7 

 

 

5. ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

 

Similar to FY2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

resulting in significant fines or sanctions in FY2018. We endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 

Target: To have zero incidents of non-compliance.  

 

6. SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals 

based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, 

rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the 

protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

 

Continuous open dialogue is the main platform used to engage our employees. Open 

dialogues are conducted informally to encourage employees to raise any issues to 

management. We believes that this provides a more interactive and direct channel for any 

form of feedback. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our 

employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to 

exercise freedom of association. 

 

1

: 1

Our headcount increases from three in FY2017 to four in FY2018. Three 

employees were recruited in FY2018 while there were two resignations. Our employee’s 

gender ratio is one male to one female. Three employees aged between 30-50 years old while 

the one is aged between 50-60 years old. .  

 

There have been no reports of discrimination based on race or gender within the Group. 

 

Target: To have zero incident of discrimination. If there is any, it will be looked into within 2 

days.  

 

 

 

 






8 

 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

 

The Place is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and anti-competitive practices. There 

were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations over the past year. 

 

Target: To have zero incidents of non-compliance.  

 

 

7. GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board and the Management of The Place are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant 

drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

shareholders. Please refer to the Annual Report FY2018 pages 18 to 46 for details of the 

Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

Target: To ensure compliance with SGX requirements.  

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise 

risk management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the 

sustainability of the Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having 

regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk 

management, please refer to pages 32 to 33 of our Annual Report FY2018.  

 

Target: To perform risk assessment annually and disclose in accordance with SGX 

requirements. 

 


9 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

The Place Holdings Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

China 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report (AR) page 13 

102-6 

Markets served 

China 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR page 13, SR page 7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 7 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

The Place supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR page 4 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 3 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR page 18 to 46 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 4  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 13 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2018 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

18 December 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 9 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 6 

205: Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

SR page 6 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 7 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR page 7 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR page 8 

 

