
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Sustainability Report 2017 


2 

 

1. BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of The Place Holdings 

Limited (“The Place”, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. This report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance (EESG) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-

month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2017. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and 

cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information provided have not been 

verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the Group 

(the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

To promote environmental conservation, no hard copies of this Report has been printed. A 

digital copy can be found on our website at http://www.theplaceholdings.com.sg.   

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to aili.tay@theplaceholdings.com. 

 

18 December 2018 

 

2. CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, The Place Holdings Limited is an 

investment holding company whose portfolio coverage includes developing and managing of 

media-related businesses, developing of integrated tourism and operating of tourism related 

“new retail” businesses. 

 

The Group’s current business activities are located in China and include provision of 

comprehensive branding strategy, planning and organizing of corporate events, exhibitions, 

and other large-scale events, and development of integrated tourism and operation of tourism 

related “new retail” businesses. 

 

The Group is currently expanding through growing its existing media business and acquiring 

businesses with high growth potential. The Group diversified into the tourism business through 

a Subscription Agreement signed with Jingneng Tianjie Yuntaishan Investment Co., Ltd on 8 

November 2017 to subscribe for equity interest amounting to 80% of the enlarged registered 

capital of Tianjie Yuntai Wanrun (Xiuwu) Property Development Co., Ltd at the subscription 

amount of US$20.53 million.  

 


3 

 

2.1. 

Group’s Vision 

To create a better future by embodying the spirit of enduring innovation. 

 

2.2. 

Group’s Mission 

To foster the holistic development of tourism, new retail, real estate and media and 

emerge as a dark horse of the Singapore capital market. 

 

2.3. 

Business Ethics 

 

The Group is committed to safeguard the interests of our stakeholders through sustainable 

growth. To achieve this, we uphold ourselves to high standards of corporate governance, 

business and ethical conduct. 

 

We take a strong stand against corrupt practices and strategies, and this value has been 

communicated to all of our employees, major suppliers and business partners. Any forms 

of corruption within the Group will not be tolerated, and will be escalated to the Executive 

Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

 

There were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and regulations over the past year. There have also been no reported incidents of 

corruption during the same reporting period.  


4 

 

3. OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders and employees. We adopt 

both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of Engagement 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting/ Extraordinary 

General Meeting 

Annually or when needed 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Quarterly or when needed 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Government and 

Regulators 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Quarterly or when needed 

 

The Place is a member of Singapore Business Federation (“SBF”) as required by SBF Act.  

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. The process 

of which are as shown below: 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


5 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from 

GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

ECONOMIC 

Economic Performance 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Environmental Compliance 

 

 

 

 

SOCIAL 

Employment 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

GOVERNANCE 

Corporate Governance 

Risk Management 

 

 

3.1. 

TARGETS 

Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form 

a trend for the purpose of setting targets. Accordingly, the process of target setting is 

deferred until a time when adequate data is available to set reasonable targets.   


6 

 

4. ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Place firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s 

basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into 

account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society 

as a whole.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2017: 

• 

Financial Highlights, pages 17 to 18 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 54 to 102 

 

We will put in place an innovative team and will inject high-quality projects into the listed 

company to demonstrate our commitment to foster mutually beneficial relationships while at 

the same time creating value for our Singapore-based stakeholders. 

 

 

5. ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

 

In FY2017, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions, and we endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 

 

6. SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals 

based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, 

rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the 

protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

 

Continuous open dialogue is the main platform used to engage our employees. Open 

dialogues are conducted informally to encourage employees to raise any issues to 

management. We believes that this provides a more interactive and direct channel for any 

form of feedback. 

 


7 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our 

employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to 

exercise freedom of association. 

 

The Place has a total of three employees. Two employees were recruited in FY2017. There is 

no resignations in FY2017. Our employee’s gender ratio is two females to one male, who are 

aged between 30-50 years old.  

 

There have been no reports of discrimination based on race or gender within the Group. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

 

The Place is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and anti-competitive practices.  

 

 

7. GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board and the Management of The Place are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant 

drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

shareholders. Please refer to the Annual Report FY2017 pages 19 to 45 for details of the 

Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise 

risk management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the 

sustainability of the Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having 

regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk 

management, please refer to pages 32 to 33 of our Annual Report FY2017.  

 

WHISTLE BLOWING POLICY 

 

The Place does not tolerate any malpractice, impropriety, statutory non-compliance or 

wrongdoing by staff in the course of their work. Our Whistleblowing Policy is intended to 

provide a framework to promote responsible and secure whistleblowing without fear of adverse 

consequences. 

 

Employees and outside parties, such as suppliers, customers, contractors and other 

stakeholders, may use the procedures set out in the Policy to report any concern or complaint 

regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, internal controls, disclosure matters, 


8 

 

conflict of interest, insider trading, collusion with competitors, serious breaches of Group policy, 

unsafe work practices or any other matters involving fraud, corruption and employee 

misconduct. 

 

The Policy allows for reporting by employees or outside parties of such matters to the Lead 

Independent Director of the Company, without fear of reprisal, discrimination or adverse 

consequences, and also permits the Group to address such reports by taking appropriate 

action, including, but not limited to, disciplining or terminating the employment and/or services 

of those responsible. 

 

Complaints are directed to the Lead Independent Director and Financial Controller of the 

Company via a designated e-mail.  

 

 


9 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

The Place Holdings Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

China 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report (AR) page 15 

102-6 

Markets served 

China 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR page 15, SR page 7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 7 

102-9 

Supply chain 

AR page 11 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

The Place supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 3 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR page 19 to 45 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

To be reported in FY2018 report.  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 15 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2017 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core option). 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 9 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 6 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 6 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR page 6 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR page 7 

 

 

 

