

































02

About Thomson Medical Group Limited

03

Message from the Chairman

05

Board Statement

06

About this Report

07

Sustainability Approach

08

Materiality

11

Stakeholder Engagement

13

Performance Highlights

14

Customer Experience

18

Employee Culture

23

Governance

25

Local Communities

26

GRI Content Index

*Note: 

The group photos in this report were taken before the COVID-19 pandemic

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 01

CONTENTS


Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, Thomson 

Medical Group Limited (the “Group” or “TMG”) is one of 

the leading listed healthcare players in the South-East Asian 

region with operations in Singapore and Malaysia. The Group’s 

current operating healthcare businesses include Thomson 

Medical Pte Ltd (“TMPL”) and TMC Life Sciences Berhad 

(“TMCLS”). Another developing business is the Vantage 

Bay Health City (“VBHC”) which is now in development and 

planning stage.

Headquartered in Singapore, our healthcare business 

currently has regional presence in Singapore and Malaysia, 

supported by a diverse talent pool of over 1,500 people. 

The Group continues to build on the strong foundation of 

its healthcare businesses in Singapore and Malaysia, and is 

working towards its vision of transforming into the preferred 

Pan-Asian healthcare system of choice.



THOMSON MEDICAL PTE LTD (“TMPL”)

Incorporated in 1977, TMPL commenced operations in 1979 

and is now one of the largest private providers of healthcare 

services for women and children in Singapore. It owns and 

operates the iconic Thomson Medical Centre (“TMC”) and 

a network of specialist medical clinics and facilities providing 

outpatient women and children healthcare services and 

service offerings in diagnostic imaging, health screening, 

gynaecological oncology, dentistry, specialist dermatology, 

traditional Chinese medicine, musculoskeletal and sports 

medicine and medical aesthetics.



TMC LIFE SCIENCES BERHAD (“TMCLS”)

The Group’s operations in Malaysia under TMCLS is a multi-

disciplinary healthcare company listed on Bursa Malaysia. 

It operates Thomson Hospital Kota Damansara, a tertiary 

hospital located in Kota Damansara, and the award-winning 

TMC Fertility Centre which is the industry leader in assisted 

reproduction in Malaysia. It also owns the proposed Thomson 

Iskandar Medical Hub, in Johor Bahru, Malaysia.



VANTAGE BAY HEALTHCARE CITY (“VBHC”)

Sited on 9.23ha freehold waterfront land in Johor Bahru’s 

City Centre, VBHC is envisioned to be a proposed designed 

ﬁ rst-of-its-kind integrated medical, education and wellness 

hub. VBHC comprises a medical hub including three hospitals 

and a long-term care facility, a wellness hub providing 

therapeutic care and lifestyle-related services, including 

age-friendly assisted-living residences, and an education and 

training hub which will comprise a medical training institute 

and teaching hospital. This is the ﬁ rst fully-integrated health 

sciences platform to be developed in the region.

ABOUT

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP LIMITED

02 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


Dear Stakeholders,

Through 

the 

years, 

Thomson 

Medical (“TMPL”) has established 

itself as Singapore’s largest private 

healthcare provider for women’s 

and children’s health. Moving 

beyond our 40th Anniversary, TMPL 

continues to grow its operations 

and expand its core specialities 

to provide our patients with the 

highest quality of health and 

medical services.

As we focus on growth and expansion, the board of directors 

and senior management also recognises the importance of 

sustainability across the organisation’s business operations 

and performance. With the support of TMPL’s Sustainability 

Steering Committee (“SSC”) and Sustainability Task Force 

(“STF”), we implemented an organisation-wide sustainability 

programme aligned with TMPL’s core values, which will form 

the blueprint for TMPL’s sustainable growth.

Our Sustainability Report provides stakeholders with an 

overview of TMPL’s sustainability approach, practices and 

performance for FY2020. This year, we are focused on tracking 

the performance of Environmental, Social, and Governance 

(“ESG”) issues relevant to our stakeholders and business. 

I wish to share key highlights of our efforts for FY2020.

ALIGNMENT WITH GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY

As a private healthcare organisation, TMPL recognises its 

role in improving the quality of life of people by contributing 

towards the development of a resilient healthcare system. In 

support of this, we have aligned TMPL’s business practices 

to seven key United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

(“UN SDGs”). In doing so, this will put TMPL’s business on a 

trajectory towards responsible and sustainable development.

COVID-19 PANDEMIC

In response to the COVID-19 situation, TMPL was able to 

effectively respond to the ﬂ uid nature of the pandemic 

through its Emergency Preparedness Plan. The immediate 

priority to ensure the safety of all patients and staff was 

addressed through measures such as the provision of Personal 

Protective Equipment (“PPE”) for patients and staff, and 

establishing external treatment and isolation facilities outside 

the hospital’s premises to segregate and manage patients 

with fever and respiratory symptoms.

Through the onset of the pandemic, TMPL also imposed 

tighter access and infection control measures such as 

mandating safe distancing guidelines for all staff at work, 

split teams that observe staggered arrival and departure 

timings, and encouraging staff to work from home where 

possible. Separately, we continued to support the needs 

of our patients through technology. Daily virtual baby care 

classes were conducted for parents to learn baby care and 

basic breastfeeding tips from the lactation consultant from 

the comfort of their own rooms. In addition, we ramped 

up pregnancy, parenting and other related women’s health 

webinars in place of large-scale public seminars to continue 

efforts on public education.

TMPL also contributed to the management of the COVID-19 

situation in Singapore by serving at community care facilities 

and managing COVID-19 serology testing projects at foreign 

worker dormitories.

SUPPORTING THE ENVIRONMENT

Our efforts to be environmentally-friendly have come to 

fruition. Thomson Medical Centre received the Building 

Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark certiﬁ cation in 

September 2020 for championing energy efﬁ cient practices. 

Besides chillers and air handling units in the hospital that 

were ﬁ tted with Variable Speed Drives to improve energy 

consumption, 60% of all lighting were also retroﬁ tted with 

LED bulbs. Further I am happy to share that the hospital already 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 03

MESSAGE FROM 

THE CHAIRMAN


has in place paperless initiatives such as being the ﬁ rst private 

hospital in Singapore to implement the e-Notiﬁ cation of Live 

Birth in January 2019, and ongoing efforts to encourage 

clinics and patients to receive electronic admission welcome 

packs via e-mail instead of paper copies.

Looking forward, TMPL is also working towards achieving 

an Integrated Management System which consists of ISO 

9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental 

Management System, and ISO 45001 Occupational Health 

and Safety Management System.

SUPPORTING THE COMMUNITY

Besides delivering quality healthcare services to our patients 

as a private healthcare provider, TMPL is also concerned 

with improving the health of the community we operate in 

by giving back to society. To educate parents and parents-

to-be on pregnancy and parenting, TMPL partnered various 

organisations to run seminars on pregnancy, weaning and 

children’s health. On the fertility front, TMPL also partnered 

I Love Children (“ILC”) to sponsoring complimentary fertility 

health screenings to couples to help them make informed 

family planning decisions.

Outside of public education, TMPL also lent support to various 

causes to improve the lives of fellow Singaporeans. In support 

of the Rare Disease Fund (“RDF”), TMPL raised S$40,000 

to help provide long-term ﬁ nancial support patients with 

debilitating conditions. TMPL also organised a blood donation 

drive with the Singapore Red Cross to support the National 

Blood Programme. To groom the future of healthcare, TMPL 

sponsored the Thomson Medical Final Year Nursing Student 

Award 2019, recognising Singapore Institute of Technology’s 

top student pursuing a Bachelor of Science with Honours in 

the Nursing degree programme.

APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our doctors, 

management, staff, patients and partners for their effort 

in helping us take these steps towards a more sustainable 

future. As we move forward in an uncertain world, we 

endeavor to uphold our commitment to sustainability so that 

we can provide quality healthcare to our stakeholders and 

at the same time deliver sustainable business outcomes that 

contribute positively to our environment.

NG SER MIANG

Chairman, Non-Executive and 

Independent Director

MESSAGE FROM 

THE CHAIRMAN

04 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present 

TMG’s Sustainability Report for the period of 1 January 2019 

to 30 June 20201 (the “Report”).

Following the divestment of the Real Estate business in January 

2019, TMG is now focused solely on building its healthcare 

platform to provide the highest quality of health and medical 

services in the region. Against the backdrop of the 40th and 

25th founding anniversaries of the Thomson Medical Centre 

and TMC Life Sciences Berhad respectively, the Group 

continues to expand its operations and commissioned the 

Thomson Breast Centre (“TBC”) and the Thomson Surgical 

Centre (“TSC”) during the period.

During this period, the COVID-19 pandemic had a signiﬁ cant 

impact on our operations, but we remained focused on 

ensuring that the Group continues to provide quality care to 

our patients and a safe working environment for our staff, 

as well as to strengthen our business resilience. Apart from 

heightened infection control measures at all facilities, our 

staff also stepped up to the call from the Ministry of Health 

(“MOH”) to contribute to the management of the COVID-19 

situation in Singapore, by serving at community care facilities 

and managing COVID-19 serology testing projects at foreign 

worker dormitories.

Sustainability continues to be an essential part of our strategy 

to foster innovation and create long-term value for our 

stakeholders. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe 

that good environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) 

management helps to build a reliable and resilient business. 

This reporting period, we have reviewed our materiality 

assessment to focus our efforts on ESG issues that are most 

1 

The reporting period in this report is an 18-month period from 1 January 2019 to 30 June 2020 due to a change in the Group’s ﬁ nancial year-end from 

31 December to 30 June.

relevant to our stakeholders and healthcare businesses. We 

have also identiﬁ ed the priority United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals (“UN SDGs”) for TMG and disclosed our 

corresponding performance goals.

In addition to the above, the Group has commenced 

work towards an Integrated Management System that 

integrates 3 ISO standards – ISO 9001 Quality Management 

System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, and 

ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management 

System. These ISO standards are internationally recognised 

standards, and compliance with these requirements will aid 

the Group in improving the overall performance in these 

respective areas. The Group has established a plan and target 

to achieve the certiﬁ cations under all 3 standards by 2021.

This 

Report 

encapsulates 

our 

overarching 

approach 

towards ESG risks and opportunities, and the sustainability 

performance of our Singapore healthcare operations. The 

Board has approved the identiﬁ ed material ESG factors, 

and continues to manage and monitor our sustainability 

performance with the support of the Sustainability Steering 

Committee (“SSC”) and Sustainability Task Force (“STF”). In 

addition, the Board oversees the Group’s overall sustainability 

direction and is responsible for approving this Report.

We ﬁ rmly believe that TMG is well-positioned to build a 

sustainable business that makes a positive impact on our 

environment and communities. As we expand our business, 

we will continue to enhance our sustainability strategy, 

approach, and performance to achieve our objective as a 

socially responsible organisation.







Tho

Tho

Tho

Th

Th

Tho

Th

Th

Th

T

mso

mson M

Medi

edididididi

ed

edi

edi

edi

edi

ed

ed

ed ca

cal

cal

cal

ca

ca

ca

cal

cala

calal

cala

cal stststtstststststststtaff

aff

aff

aff

aff

aff

aff

aff

af

aff

af

aff

aff

aff ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

ma

maanag

nag

nag

nag

n

ing

ing

ing

ng

ing

ng

ng CO

CO

C VID

VID

VID-19

-19 se

serolo ogy

ogy teststi

sti

stting

ng ope

operat

rat

attion

ion

ion

ion

ion

on

ons

BOARD

STATEMENT

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 05


The Group primarily operates in Singapore and Malaysia. 

The sustainability information of our operations in Malaysia 

is detailed in TMCLS’s 2020 Sustainability Report, published 

as part of its 2020 Annual Report. This Report only covers 

Thomson Medical Pte Ltd (“TMPL”), as well as our clinics 

island-wide.

This Report provides an overview of TMPL’s sustainability 

approach, practices, and performance for the 18-month 

period of 1 January 2019 to 30 June 2020.

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 2016 – Core option. 

The GRI Standards is an internationally-recognised reporting 

framework that provides useful guidance to TMPL not 

only on report quality but also on materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, and performance indicators.

This Report, together with Group’s Annual Report, aims 

to provide a comprehensive and transparent reporting of  

TMPL’s overall sustainability objectives and performance to 

TMPL’s stakeholders. In line with the Group’s commitment  

to environmental sustainability, no hardcopies of this Report 

have been printed and can be viewed on our website at 

https://www.thomsonmedical.com/sustainability_report.

As we continuously seek to improve along our journey, your 

feedback on our sustainability practices is valuable to us. You 

may provide your feedback to us at ir@thomsonmedical.com.



ABOUT

THIS REPORT

06 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


TMPL’s sustainability approach closely aligns with our long-term vision to be the provider of choice for integrated healthcare 

solutions across South East Asia.

We strive to create long-term value to our stakeholders through a holistic approach. We are committed to providing accessibility 

to a wide range of healthcare services and products, innovating unique and relevant services, delivering value and quality as 

well as contributing to the community.

TMPL’s core values of Integrity, Commitment, Accountability, Respect, and Empathy underpin its sustainability approach. These 

will continue to provide guidance to our people in supporting TMPL’s sustainable growth.

• Provide access to a wide range 

of healthcare services and 

products through an extensive 

network of clinics and facilities 

in Singapore

• Be an innovator of services 

that are unique, relevant and 

integrated

LARGEST PRIVATE 

HEALTHCARE 

FOR WOMEN &amp; 

CHILDREN

• Offer personalised service 

experience to patrons

• Attract and retain a diverse pool 

of experienced and dedicated 

specialists and medical and 

nursing professionals

• Cultivate a safe, family-friendly 

ambience for both patrons and 

staff

• Provide innovative and value-

added post-delivery care and 

services programmes

VALUE AND 

QUALITY

• Raise awareness on health 

and wellness amongst the 

community

• Explore partnerships to address 

health and preventive medical 

issues in Singapore

CONTRIBUTING 

TO THE 

COMMUNITY

The Group’s sustainability programme is developed and directed by senior management in consultation with our Board of 

Directors.

Our Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) comprises senior management and representatives from various departments, 

overseeing the development and implementation of our organisation-wide sustainability strategy. Its responsibilities include 

reviewing, assessing, and determining the sustainability strategy, material topics, scope, boundary, and prioritisation of issues 

to be included in this Report.

SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 07


In 2018, TMPL undertook a three-step materiality assessment process guided by the GRI Materiality Principles, to identify 

the ESG factors that are material to its business and stakeholders. An external consultant was engaged by TMPL to facilitate 

the materiality assessment process activities and outcomes. TMPL has reviewed the ESG factors for this reporting period and 

determined that they remain relevant and therefore, have maintained these factors.

Moreover, TMPL recognises our responsibility to contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDGs”) 

through our business operations, as the UN SDGs aim to improve the quality of life of people in tandem with economic 

prosperity and environmental preservation with a peaceful ecosystem. We strive to align our current business practices to 

contribute to the 7 UN SDGs outlined below, as we work towards responsible, sustainable development.

UN SDGs

TMPL’s Position



Goal 3: Ensure healthy lifestyle and promote 

well-being for all at all ages.

TMPL’s core business is in promoting healthy 

lifestyle, safety, and well-being for all, including 

both customers and employees.



Goal 4: Ensure inclusive and equitable quality 

education and promote lifelong learning 

opportunities for all.

TMPL is committed to training its workforce 

to promote access to technical skills for 

employment.



Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, 

sustainable and modern energy for all.

TMPL strives for energy efficiency to reduce 

reliance on fossil fuels.



Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and 

sustainable economic growth, full and productive 

employment and decent work for all.

TMPL is committed to retaining its employees, 

and providing a healthy and safe workplace.



Goal 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and 

production patterns.

TMPL is committed to supporting the responsible 

management of waste.



Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate 

change and its impacts.

TMPL is committed to mitigating climate change 

by reducing its carbon footprint through energy 

efficiency initiatives.



Goal 16: Promote peaceful and inclusive societies 

for sustainable development, provide access to 

justice for all and build effective, accountable 

and inclusive institutions at all levels.

TMPL supports SDG 16 by establishing robust 

corporate governance policies and processes to 

comply to the rule of law.

MATERIALITY

08 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


We have further aligned our material factors with the relevant UN SDGs to portray how our business has contributed to the 

achievement of these goals. The following table illustrates how TMPL’s material factors are aligned with the relevant UN SDGs, 

and key initiatives that positively impact the UN SDGs.

Material Factors

TMPL’s Initiatives

UN SDGs

Customer 

Satisfaction

• In addition to providing extensive services and desirable quality of service, we 

provide customised post-treatment for patients, including confinement food 

home delivery services, home care visits by lactation consultants, training for 

helpers at home, post-discharge phone calls to support, coach, and guide 

our patients to achieve success in breastfeeding.   

• Our efforts in providing quality service to our patients are translated into the 

many awards we have won in the Singapore Health Quality Service Awards 

2019, as well as the results of our Patient’s Experience Questionnaires.



Customer 

Health and 

Safety

• TMPL strives to meet the International Patient Safety Goals (“IPSG”) as part of 

ensuring our customers’ health and safety.

• TMPL’s Property and Operational Support Quality Committee (“POSQC”) and 

Quality Improvement and Patient Safety Plan ensure our patients’ access to safe 

and high quality care facilities which are continuously being improved.



Occupational 

Health and 

Safety

• With robust internal controls to manage health and safety risks and performances, 

TMPL strives to eliminate work-related injuries and illnesses. TMPL also provides 

recreational activities to promote a healthier lifestyle.

• Staff who are required to travel overseas are insured. All staff are provided with 

medical and healthcare beneﬁ ts, and a vaccination program which is conducted 

for employees on an annual basis is in place.

• Adoption of ISO 45001 certiﬁ cation as a management system to ensure the 

health and safety of our staff and visitors.





Training and 

Education

• TMPL has a training policy which strives to develop staff members’ work potential 

and abilities. An annual Training and Development Needs Analysis is conducted 

and involves each staff member and their immediate in-charge in identifying and 

agreeing on their training needs.

• We provide trainings such as general training, competency-based training, as 

well as specialty training to employees according to their roles. Our employee 

learning and development interventions and programmes include advanced 

diplomas and degrees on speciﬁ c allied health programmes.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 09


Material Factors

TMPL’s Initiatives

UN SDGs

Environmental 

Compliance

• TMPL strives to improve its energy efﬁ ciency through the use of more energy-

efﬁ cient LED lighting and water-cooled chillers for our air-conditioning system.

• Waste including bio-hazard waste, cytotoxic waste, and general waste are 

generated during our operations, and we have a standard operating procedure 

(“SOP”) in place to ensure that the waste is disposed in an appropriate manner.

• Adoption of ISO 14001 management system as commitment towards compliance 

to legal requirements.







Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations

• TMPL practises good corporate governance to operate in a highly regulated 

healthcare industry, and has established robust governance policies and processes 

that are the cornerstones of the regulatory compliance agenda.



MATERIALITY

10 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


At TMPL, we are committed to developing and maintaining strong relationships with our stakeholders. We practise open and 

two-way communications with our stakeholders, which allows us to align our sustainability approach with our stakeholders’ 

needs and expectations. 

Our key stakeholder groups and approach to engage with them are described in the following table:

Key Stakeholders

Forms of Engagement

Frequency

Key Focus Areas

Internal

Employees

• Staff meetings 

• Intranet and newsletter

• Training

• Performance appraisals 

• Social activities

• Senior Leaders’ walk 

rounds

• Throughout the year

• Fair compensation and 

benefits

• Learning and 

career development 

opportunities

• Equal opportunities

• Occupational health and 

safety 

• Employee well-being

• Resource planning

External

Customers

(including patients and 

family members of 

patients)

• Customer satisfaction 

survey

• Corporate website 

• Customer hotline

• Ward rounds

• Hospital tours

• Daily

• Quality patient care

• Clean and safe 

environment 

• Customer service 

• Pricing of services

• Prompt response for 

enquiries and feedback

Doctors

• Phone calls, e-mails and 

meetings 

• Breakfast sessions

• Clinic visits

• Continuing Medical 

Education (CME) 

sessions

• Throughout the year

• Clinical quality

• Staff competency and 

support

• Pricing and quality of 

facilities

Shareholders

• Release of financial 

results and 

announcements, press 

releases and other 

required disclosures 

through SGXNet and 

TMG’s website

• Annual Report

• Annual General Meeting

• Throughout the year

• Business and operations 

performance

• Business strategy and 

outlook 

• Corporate governance

• Compliance with 

relevant laws and 

regulations

• Transparency and timely 

announcement

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 11

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT 


Key Stakeholders

Forms of Engagement

Frequency

Key Focus Areas

Government and 

Regulators

• Reports of various 

performance and clinical 

indicators

• Ongoing communication 

and consultation with 

the relevant authorities

• Throughout the year

• Compliance with 

relevant laws and 

regulations 

• Prompt and accurate 

regulatory disclosures

Suppliers and 

Contractors

• Tenders, request 

for quotations and 

proposals

• Site visits and meetings 

• E-mails

• Throughout the year

• Business performance 

• Fair tender process

• Competitive pricing 

• Good quality of goods 

and services

• Occupational health and 

safety 

• Compliance with laws 

and regulations

Local Communities

• Public education 

programmes and 

support for local 

non-profit organisations

• Throughout the year

• Contribution to and 

engagement with the 

local community

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT 

12 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


2 

Performance Highlights are based on average performance data during the 18-month reporting period from January 2019 to June 2020.

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

Customer satisfaction

99%

selected “much better than expected” 

and “better than expected”

Recommend TMPL to friends

98%

selected “deﬁ nitely” and “likely”

Choice hospital again

98%

selected “deﬁ nitely”

and “likely”

13:1

Compliments to

complaints ratio

Zero 

non-compliance incidents

concerning health and safety impacts

Zero Workplace 

fatalities

55

Average training 

hours for nursing 

staff

Zero non-compliance incidents with 

environmental laws and other relevant laws 

Zero major complaints

concerning breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data

EMPLOYEE CULTURE

GOVERNANCE

Economic Performance

The Group’s economic performance for the reporting period has been disclosed in the Annual Report. Please refer to the 

Financial Contents section of the Annual Report for more information.

2

High-consequence

work-related

injuries

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 13

PERFORMANCE

HIGHLIGHTS2


CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

At TMPL, our customers are our top priority as strong customer satisfaction ensures the retention of our customers and 

reinforces positive branding for the Group. TMPL has considered patients’ needs, preferences, and expectations for their choice 

of the healthcare centre in its design and planning of services and this is further exempliﬁ ed in our target for ISO 9001 Quality 

Management System certiﬁ cation by 2021. It is paramount to continuously enhance the quality of our services so that patients 

are likely to return and make recommendations to their families and friends when they have a good perception of the quality 

of healthcare services at TMPL.

To enhance the overall service, safety and quality improvement strategies across the continuum of care, we have adopted the 

Patient Experience Drivers model to further our commitment to service excellence. 

Additionally, Service and Product Innovation at TMPL is an on-

going strategy to engage and improve the overall customers 

experience.

Some of these services include conﬁ nement food home 

delivery services, home care visits by lactation consultants, 

training for helpers at home, and a loyalty programme with 

beneﬁ ts to allow our patients to use services within TMPL. 

Patients who deliver at our hospital are provided with follow-

up services by our lactation consultants, such as post-discharge 

phone calls to support, coach, and guide our patients to 

achieve success in breastfeeding. Patients who delivered their 

babies and discharged over the weekends are also entitled to 

a free phone consultation and personalised parent craft clinic 

visit review by our lactation consultants.

PATIENT 

EXPERIENCE 

DRIVERS 

Professional 

Image 

 Staff 

Engagement 

 

Product &amp; 

Process 

Innovations 

Learning 

 &amp;  

Sharing 

Team work 

Patient &amp; 

Family 

Engagement 



Diagram 1: Patient Experience Drivers Model

Our brand of care has our patient’s needs at heart

CUSTOMER

EXPERIENCE

14 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


Our Customer Experience Committee (“CEC”) anchors 

our service excellence strategic thread. The CEC developed 

our service excellence framework and executes customer 

service strategy through Thomson Touch Service Training, 

department-based clinical and service huddles, improvement 

initiatives and audits. These ensure the consistency of service 

standards on-site and off-site TMPL facilities and during the 

reporting period, we achieved the patient experience index 

above the target of 85%.

To further enhance the customer experience, we have 

developed an electronic meal ordering system (“eMOS”), 

which is a system through which patients’ meal orders are 

taken using an iPad or desktop in the wards. This system 

captures and conveys critical information such as patient’s 

food allergies, therapeutic diets and special requests for 

meal preparation. By doing so, eMOS ensures the right diet 

is prepared for the patients; additionally, a meal inventory 

tracking system is built-in to reduce cooked food waste and 

save resources.

The following new service improvement initiatives in this 

reporting period are as follows:

ThomsonBaby.com, a one-stop e-commerce site that 

provides patients with access to our range of products and 

The following table presents our customer satisfaction performance for the current reporting period, and for which we continue 

to set high targets corresponding to our emphasis on these aspects for the forthcoming year:

Performance Results

FY2020

FY2018

Targets

1 Jul 19 to 

30 Jun 20 

(12-month)

1 Jan 19 to 

30 Jun 19 

(6-month)

1 Jan 18 to 

31 Dec 18 

(12-month)

FY2021

Compliments to complaint ratio

13:1

21:1

33:1

20:1

Choice of hospital again

(selected “definitely” and “likely”)

98%

99%

98%

100%

Customer satisfaction

(selected “much better than expected” and 

“better than expected”)

99%

99%

99%

100%

Recommend TMPL to friends

(selected “definitely” and “likely”)

98%

98%

98%

100%

easy-to-access information. Through this platform, patients 

can register for conﬁ nement food services, childbirth education 

lessons, hospital tours, maternity membership registration, 

and book their maternity experience with the hospital online. 

With this initiative, our customers have greater autonomy to 

personalise our services to meet their needs.

In today’s COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to support our 

patients by introducing daily virtual baby care classes where 

parents who stay with us at the hospital can log in remotely 

over a video conferencing platform to learn baby care and 

basic breastfeeding tips from the lactation consultant from 

the comfort of their own inpatient rooms. The interactive 

nature of the digital platform allows parents to pose questions 

and clarify their doubts, giving them the knowledge and 

conﬁ dence to care for their babies even after they return 

home.

Telehealth solutions also allow doctors to conduct 

consultations with patients in a safe manner amidst the 

COVID-19 pandemic. In June 2020, TMPL partnered with 

OCBC Bank via the HealthPass mobile application to allow 

patients to have access to TMPL’s specialists via video 

consultations and receive medications delivered to their 

doorstep.

Ultragram Application

Ultragram is a mobile application that has been designed to deliver patients’ ultrasound images digitally, so that they 

can have access to these images throughout their pregnancy. Moving away from hardcopy image scans or discs, TMPL’s 

patients will now be able to view, store, and even share their ultrasound images via the Ultragram platform.

We are planning to scale up this application to serve as a personal repository for all radiology service scans done at TMPL.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 15


Goal 1: Correct baby identification

Goal 3: Safety in dispensing High Alert Medication 

(“HAM”)

Goal 4: Ensure safe surgery via compliance to the 

time-out procedure prior to surgery

Goal 5: Compliance 

to 

the 

World 

Health 

Organisation’s (“WHO”) 5 Moments of 

Hand Hygiene 

Goal 6: Reduce risk of harm resulting from 

inpatient falls

For the reporting period, there were zero incidents of 

non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning health and safety impacts of our products and 

services of our products and services, and we target to 

continue with our full compliance with these regulations and 

voluntary codes for FY2021.

Hand and Food Hygiene Audits

We conducted monthly hand hygiene audits and weekly food 

hygiene audits throughout the year. In line with Goal 5 of the 

IPSG, we adopted and implemented WHO evidence-based 

hand hygiene guidelines to reduce the risk of healthcare-

associated infections. Nurses and doctors were audited on 

their adherence to the Five Moments of Hand Hygiene3.

The food hygiene audit criteria were adapted from the 

National Environment Agency’s Food Hygiene Audit Checklist. 

This covered the general conditions of the kitchen, storage 

of food, functionality of refrigerators and cold room, diet 

presentation and quality, cleaning standards and staff hygiene.

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

As a healthcare provider, we are responsible for protecting 

our customers’ health and safety through our management 

systems and facilities while seeking treatment. Improving 

the quality and safety of our healthcare services remain a 

key focus area for us. Hence, our Quality Improvement and 

Patient Safety Plan (“QPS”) provides a framework to monitor, 

analyse and improve the quality and safety of our patients. 

This plan supports our pursuit to provide clinical excellence.

In order to implement and evaluate the QPS plan, we have 

established sub-committees such as the Nursing Quality 

Assurance Committee, Nursing and Allied Health Quality 

Assurance Committee and Property and Operational Support 

Services Quality Assurance Committee.

We collect and analyse data and use quality indicators to 

determine our levels of performance as well as identify 

opportunities for improvement. The decision to act will 

depend on a prioritization matrix.

TMPL also strives to meet the following International Patient 

Safety Goals (“IPSG”) which promote speciﬁ c improvements 

in patient safety, highlight problematic areas in healthcare, 

and apply evidence- and expert-based consensus solutions to 

these problems. Our IPSG data are reviewed thrice annually 

by our Mortality and Morbidity Committee.

3 

For more information on the Five Moments of Hand Hygiene: https://www.who.int/infection-prevention/campaigns/clean-hands/5moments/en/



Quality improvement is a key focus area for our nursing team to deliver the best care to our patients

CUSTOMER

EXPERIENCE

16 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


4 

More information on the Australian National Hand Hygiene Audit Program can be found at https://www.hha.org.au/audits/national- data/national-hand-

hygiene

TMPL conducted daily COVID-19 taskforce operations 

meetings to secure the hospital, closely manage processes, 

and effectively respond to the constantly evolving nature of the 

situation. In addition to tightening our operating processes, 

TMPL implemented the appropriate measures for disease 

containment by providing Personal Protective Equipment 

(“PPE”) for patients and staff, increasing the intensity and 

frequency of audit procedures, and implementing contact 

tracing for conﬁ rmed cases. TMPL has also set up external 

treatment and isolation facilities outside the hospital’s 

premises to segregate and manage patients with fever and 

respiratory symptoms. Subsequently, a COVID-19 swab room 

fulﬁ lling MOH criteria was set up in an external facility, with 

installed air extractors to create negative pressure when 

nasopharyngeal swabs are taken for patients. Air in the swab 

room undergoes UV disinfection prior to release.

The following table illustrates our performance results in relation to the hygiene audits for the reporting period:

Performance Results

FY2020

FY2018

Targets

1 Jul 19 to 

30 Jun 20 

(12-month)

1 Jan 19 to 

30 Jun 19 

(6-month)

1 Jan 18 to 

31 Dec 18 

(12-month)

FY2021

Compliance rate of monthly hand hygiene audits

87%

88%

88%

80%

Compliance rate of weekly food hygiene audits

84%

83%

84%

85%

During the reporting period, we achieved compliance rates 

above the 80% benchmark of the Australian National Hand 

Hygiene Audit Program4.

The Food Hygiene audit results and patients’ feedback were 

reviewed during the monthly Food Committee Meeting 

and opportunities for improvement were identiﬁ ed. Among 

the many improvement initiatives, one notable project was 

“Delivering The Right Special Diet to The Right Patient Every 

Time”. This project was accepted for a Poster Presentation 

at the International Forum, Quality and Safety in Healthcare, 

BMJ Conference in Copenhagen, Denmark in April 2020.

For infection prevention and control, TMPL has an Emergency 

Preparedness for Disease Outbreak Hospital Administrative 

Policy (“HAP”) and an annual Infection Prevention and 

Control Training for all staff. TMPL also undergoes a bi-

annual Infection Control and Control Standards Audit where 

every department in the hospital will be audited using the 

National Infection Control and Prevention Standards by our 

internal auditors. Furthermore, there are monthly inspections 

conducted by the Infection Control Manager and Property 

and Operations Services Management Team to ensure overall 

safety.

When the ﬁ rst cases of COVID-19 were reported 

internationally, we immediately established the COVID-19 

Advisory Committee comprising specialists in Infectious 

Diseases, Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology, Paediatrics, as well as 

members of our senior management and Medical Advisory 

Board to provide professional inputs into our emergency 

preparedness responses and clinical policies.

Concurrently, TMPL activated its Emergency Preparedness Plan 

when MOH raised Singapore’s Disease Outbreak Response 

System Condition (“DORSCON”) to Yellow and subsequently, 

Orange. This comprehensive plan provides detailed standards, 

procedures, and policies speciﬁ c to disease outbreaks.



Clinic staff managing patients with fever and respiratory symptoms

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 17


OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Recognising that healthcare employees, patients, partners, 

and visitors might be exposed to a wide array of work 

related, health and safety (“WSH”) risks, we developed the 

workplace, health and safety framework, which includes 

the WSH Policy, Planning, Implementation and Operation, 

Checking and Corrective Actions, Management Review and 

Continual Improvement.

We aligned the WSH framework with the ISO 14001 

Environmental Management System and ISO 45001 

Occupational Health and Safety System. This provided 

Performance Results

FY2020

FY2018

Targets

1 Jul 19 to 

30 Jun 20 

(12-month)

1 Jan 19 to 

30 Jun 19

(6-month)

1 Jan 18 to

31 Dec 18

(12-month)

FY2021

Number and rate of recordable work-related 

injuries

6

8

1

Zero injuries

Number and rate of high-consequence 

work-related injuries

1

1

Zero injuries

Zero injuries

Number of needlestick injuries

2

6

3

Zero injuries

vaccinations for our employees. We also organise other 

health and wellness activities to engage our employees.

• Fire safety training conducted by the Fire Safety Manager 

at the hospital twice a year.

• Health and safety risk assessment exercise which is 

reviewed and updated thrice a year.

With the COVID-19 situation, TMPL imposed tighter access 

and infection control measures to protect the health and 

safety of our patients and staff. The hospital has adopted all 

mandated safe distancing guidelines from MOH and Ministry 

of Manpower (“MOM”) for the protection of all staff while 

at work. All departments work in split teams and observe 

staggered arrival and departure timings. Where possible, 

back-end staff are encouraged to work from home to further 

support safe distancing measures and prevent overcrowding 

in the ofﬁ ces.

During the onset of the pandemic, TMPL also instituted a 

staff health surveillance system via our 24-hour walk-in clinic. 

Currently, staff who report sick are assessed and treated 

by resident physicians at the hospital’s 24-hour clinic, and 

TMPL will administer COVID-19 swab and Polymerise Chain 

5 

Calculated based on the methodology from the Ministry of Manpower Workplace Safety and Health Report 2018 = ((No. of Workplace Accidents Reported / 

No. of Man-hours Worked) x 1,000,000).

a systematic, integrated holistic risk-based approach to 

manage the interactions between work, safety and health 

to promote the well-being of the employers and employees. 

This invariably would translate to a better-engaged, healthy, 

productive workforce in a safe workplace with reduced 

absenteeism rate and healthcare costs contributing to better 

business performance. A hospital occurrence reporting system 

is in place to report all incidents, including health and safety 

of visitors and partners.

The following table highlights some of our occupational 

health and safety performance results:

Over the 18-month reporting period, the average rate 

of work-related injuries is 5.995 and the rate of high-

consequence work-related injuries is 0.865. Based on the 

submitted Hospital Occurrence Report, these injuries were 

caused by carrying heavy items. There were also 8 cases of 

needlestick injuries, but none of these injuries contributed to 

fatalities or 6-month absences from work.

To reduce needle-stick injuries, small sharp boxes, which are 

closable, puncture-proof, and leak-proof are placed on the 

medication and procedure trolleys to easily dispose objects 

and needles. Reinforcement on safe handling and disposal 

of sharps and needles were carried out through training and 

audits.

Staff Protection

TMPL strives to ensure the health and safety of our staff 

by providing safe working conditions which will invariably 

contribute to staff satisfaction and increase productivity. This 

includes the following initiatives:

• Identiﬁ cation of staff who are at risk of exposure to and 

possible transmission of vaccine preventable diseases 

through a staff vaccination programme. Every year, we 

conduct basic health screening and seasonal inﬂ uenza 

EMPLOYEE

CULTURE

18 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


The average monthly new hire rate at TMPL during the 

reporting period is 1.6%, slightly higher compared to the 

monthly new hire rate for the industry of 1.5%6 in Q2 2020. 

The monthly employee turnover rate is at 0.9%, which is also 

comparable to the monthly turnover rate for the industry of 

0.8%6 in Q2 2020. We have sub-contracted some parts of our 

work, such as housekeeping and valet services.

Reaction (“PCR”) tests for free to all staff who display acute 

respiratory infection symptoms. In addition to providing a safe 

and clean working environment, TMPL has installed perspex 

sheets in the canteen to protect all staff from the spread of 

COVID-19. This ensures that our staff health is kept in an 

optimal condition and any infectious clusters are identiﬁ ed, 

treated, and isolated early to prevent outbreaks among our 

healthcare workers. As a healthcare institution, this is of 

paramount importance in ensuring operational and business 

continuity, as well as the safety of our staff and patients.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

A diverse workforce and long-term service employees 

contribute to the quality of the services that TMPL provides, 

hence promoting business growth. TMPL has a relatively 

diverse workforce of different age groups while our employees 

FY2020

11%

FY2018

11%

FY2020

89%

FY2018

89%

 Male        

 Female 

Employee 

Distribution by 

Gender

FY2020 

15%

FY2020

54%

FY2020

31%

&lt; 30 years old

30 – 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

Employee 

Distribution 

by Age

FY2018

53%

FY2018

29%

FY2018 

18%

6 

Ministry of Manpower Labour Turnover 2020. https://stats.mom.gov.sg/Pages/LabourTurnoverTimeSeries.aspx

are largely female due to the nature of our business, which 

largely focuses on women and children healthcare.

Our workforce composition also had 15% who are less than 

30 years old, 54% between the ages of 30 to 50 years, 

and 31% above 50 years old. Majority of our nursing staff 

contribute to the age group of 30 to 50 years, due to the 

physical requirements of their work; TMPL also retains a 

signiﬁ cant portion of its employees above 50 years old as 

they bring value in terms of their long-term experience in the 

healthcare industry.

Overall, in comparison to FY2018, our employee distribution 

statistics remain consistent for this reporting period, and are 

further illustrated in the following diagrams:

Having a workforce that is equipped with the appropriate 

skills and best practices is also crucial for the delivery of 

quality patient care and services to our patrons and their 

family members. In addition, a well-trained workforce 

improves employee morale and talent relation by fulﬁ lling 

their potential and ensuring that their skill sets remain current 

and competitive.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 19


TMPL’s training policy strives to develop staff members’ work 

potential and ability. An annual training and development 

needs analysis is conducted and involves each staff member 

and their immediate supervisor in identifying and agreeing 

on their training needs. The Human Resource Department 

and Nursing Administration Department are responsible for 

nursing staffs’ training-related matters.

For our front-line and middle managers, senior leadership 

recognises that they are the glue to connect our business’ 

strategic priorities with tactical initiatives and hence, are 

essential to our organisational success. Notwithstanding the 

technical knowledge and expertise, they need to master, 

people skills such as leadership, communications, problem-

solving, teamwork, developing and coaching the employees, 

are also crucial to their jobs. 

We provide general trainings, competency-based trainings, 

as well as specialty trainings to employees according to their 

roles. For example, our front service staff are provided with 

service training while our support staff such as operations 

and ﬁ nance undergo technical skills upgrades, and attend 

relevant seminars and conferences. Our employee learning 

and development interventions and programmes include 

advanced diplomas and degrees on speciﬁ c allied health 

programmes, and informal interventions such as on-the-job 

coaching.

Some of the training and development programmes on these 

various topics conducted during the reporting period are as 

follows:

Training Programme

Participation

Company-wide key training programs

General orientation

All new employees

Cyber security awareness

All employees

Fire drill briefing

All employees

Fire safety talk

All employees

Leadership training

Leadership development workshop

Managers and above

Discovering EQ @ Workplace Workshop for Leaders

Managers and above

Quality training programs

Root cause analysis

Nursing (Managers &amp; Clinicians)

Non-Nursing (Executives and above)

Quality improvement toolkit

Nursing (Managers &amp; Clinicians)

Non-Nursing (Executives and above)

Risk management and patient safety (RMPS)

Nursing

LEAN training

Nursing &amp; Non-nursing

(for identified quality improvement champions)

Service training programs

Thomson Touch

Nursing

Thomson Touch

Thomson Touch is a development programme dedicated to providing tailored training for our nurses. This 

programme provides nurses with skills that ensure quality care and service are provided to our patients. Thomson 

Touch highlights our commitment to our patients as we dedicate extra investment into the training of our nurses.

EMPLOYEE

CULTURE

20 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


Our average training hours for nursing and non-nursing staff are highlighted in the following table. We strive to encourage 

continuous learning for the professional development of our staff and for FY2021, we aim for our nursing staff to have 

40 hours of clinical training annually, and for non-nursing staff to complete key training programs annually.

Performance Results

FY2020

FY2018

Targets

1 Jul 19 to 

30 Jun 20 

(12-month)

1 Jan 19 to 

30 Jun 19 

(6-month)

1 Jan 18 to

31 Dec 18 

(12-month)

FY2021

Average training hours for nursing staff

24

31

19

40

Average training hours for non-nursing staff

2

2

5

To complete 

key training 

programs 

annually



All employees undergo a robust annual performance 

appraisal to assess their overall achievement rating based on 

their agreed performance goals and proﬁ ciency rating based 

on their respective position competencies. Wherever possible, 

nurses are also transferred to other departments or specialities 

to widen their competency levels.

Maintaining competence is a professional responsibility 

for our nurses and to enhance our nurses’ knowledge, a 

“learning journey” was created for them to track their 

continuous learning in their own time. In support of this, 

TMPL introduced a new educational initiative through a 

digital platform with online assessments which are applicable 

to different specialities and require a passing rate of more 

than 80% for each assessment. For the reporting period, our 

attendance improved from 75% to 78% for all nurses. TMPL 

will also aim to achieve more than 90% attendance with 

effect from 2021.



Training is a key component of professional development for all staff

Development programmes such as Thomson Medical’s Strategic Planning Meeting keep staff connected to our strategic objectives

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 21


Other Talent Development Initiatives

In addition to the above training and development 

programmes, TMPL celebrated the 8th Quality Week in 2019, 

as part of our service excellence corporate strategy. The theme 

was “Do it right! Do it well! Do it with a smile!”. The Quality 

Week was lined up with a slew of activities, such as learning 

from distinguished speakers from the National Library Board 

(“NLB”), Spectrum Management Consulting, DBS, and 

Fusion Management Safety Singapore, Security Awareness 

and Creative Coaching Workshops, Panel Discussion on 

Innovations at TMC and ended with a ﬁ nale of Quality 

Improvement and Excellence in Action Award Presentation 

Ceremony.

TMPL also sponsored the Thomson Medical Final Year Nursing 

Student Award 2019 to recognise the top student pursuing 

a Bachelor of Science with Honours in the Nursing degree 

programme at Singapore Institute of Technology (“SIT”). 

This award acknowledges and encourages students in their 

pursuit of choosing nursing as profession.





Team Thomson after a fulﬁ lling session at the 8th Quality Week

EMPLOYEE

CULTURE

22 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


7 

Signiﬁ cant referring to monetary ﬁ nes over SGD 10,000.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

TMPL understands the importance of compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations to maintain its license 

to operate. In addition to environmental compliance, proper 

environmental management helps TMPL to minimise its 

business impacts on the environment.

During the reporting period, there were no non-compliance 

incidents with environmental laws or regulations which 

resulted in signiﬁ cant7 monetary ﬁ nes, or non-monetary 

sanctions of cases brought through disputes resolution 

mechanisms for non-compliance. We aim to continue with 

zero non-compliance incidents concerning environmental 

laws or regulations for FY2021.

Energy

Through our various initiatives to drive efﬁ cient energy 

consumption, the chillers and air handling units in the 

hospital were ﬁ tted with Variable Speed Drives (“VSD”) to 

improve energy conservation throughout the year. In addition, 

progressive replacement of all lightings at the hospital have 

been retroﬁ tted with LED lighting.

In September 2020, TMPL received the Green Mark certiﬁ cation 

awarded by the Building &amp; Construction Authority (“BCA”) of 

Singapore. As a Green Mark certiﬁ ed building, TMPL abides 

by a comprehensive framework for the authorities to assess 

the overall environmental performance of our building. 

The assessment criteria evaluate energy efﬁ ciency, water 

efﬁ ciency, sustainable operation and management, indoor 

environment quality and other green features.

Water

To conserve water, TMPL has progressively adopted low 

pressure water systems and employed high water-efﬁ cient 

labelled products in all public toilets. These include taps, dual 

ﬂ ush low capacity ﬂ ushing cisterns (“LCFCs”), urinals, and 

ﬂ ush valves. In January 2020, TMPL was awarded the Public 

Utilities Board (“PUB”) Water Efﬁ cient Building (“WEB”) Basic 

certiﬁ cation.

Waste

To ensure that waste is segregated and properly disposed, 

our bin liners are colour coded to differentiate the various 

types of waste. Recycling waste bins are also placed in the 

hospital for segregation, while non-soiled PPE are segregated 

and disposed as general waste in line with MOH guidelines to 

reduce the amount of biohazard waste generated. As part of 

our recycling initiatives, carton boxes are also segregated and 

collected by an external service provider.

Other efforts to reduce waste include new paperless 

initiatives to contribute to a greener environment, with TMPL 

being the ﬁ rst private hospital in Singapore to implement the 

e-Notiﬁ cation of Live Birth in January 2019, that converts 

all the paper notiﬁ cations to electronic notiﬁ cations. From 

December 2019, we have also been working closely with 

clinics to receive electronic admission welcome packs via 

e-mail instead of paper copies.

To improve our internal operational efﬁ ciencies and reduction 

of paper usage, TMPL will be implementing a Document 

Management System (“DMS”). The DMS, with its Optical 

Character Recognition (“OCR”) capabilities, auto indexing, 

conﬁ gurable eForm and workﬂ ow creation allows the Patient 

Service Centre to save the admission documents directly 

into DMS without the need to print and store them off-site. 

For hardcopy forms currently used in TMPL, such as ﬁ nance 

claims and training requests, all can be built into DMS so that 

all future submissions are online. On top of that, policies and 

SOPs can be uploaded to the DMS and routed for review and 

approval – reducing the need for staff to print the documents 

and manually circulate for approval.

Our internal trainings have also transitioned to a paperless 

approach when conducting courses. Participants are provided 

with electronic training materials rather than paper handouts, 

with course evaluation forms all done online with participants 

awarded electronic certiﬁ cates.



Green initiatives help Thomson Medical’s facilities manage environmental 

impact

GOVERNANCE

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 23


In our efforts towards improving overall environmental performance via more efﬁ cient use of resources and reduction of 

waste, TMPL has commenced measurement of the following indicators in this reporting period, for the monitoring of our 

environmental performance under ISO 14001 Environmental Management System requirements. 

Environmental Index

1 Jul 19 to 30 Jun 20 

(12-month)

1 Jan 19 to 30 Jun 19 

(6-month)

Electricity consumption index

(kWh/patient-day)

86.05

84.46

Water consumption index

(m3/patient-day)

0.84

0.82

Biohazard waste index

(L/patient-day)

7.85

6.86

Non-hazardous general waste index

(kg/patient-day)

12.17

11.79

In the forthcoming period, TMPL will strive to maintain the 

current index performances, with no more than 5% increase 

while ensuring the required levels of clinical care and patient 

safety.

TMPL will continue to promote continual awareness 

among our staff and tenants on energy consumption, 

water conservation, and waste management measures by 

implementing the following:

• Circulate e-mails to tenants and staffs to increase 

awareness.

• Put up educational posters in wardrooms and public 

spaces in the hospital.

• Conduct regular checks on the water ﬁ ttings and replace 

faulty ﬁ ttings with PUB-approved low pressure water 

systems and high water efﬁ cient labelled products.

• Training and education of staff and tenants.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

TMPL practices good corporate governance to operate in a 

highly regulated healthcare industry as non-compliances can 

result in hefty ﬁ nes and reputational damage. Protecting our 

customers’ sensitive and conﬁ dential information is also key 

to building customer conﬁ dence, loyalty, and trust in our 

brand.

Trainings are provided for our employees with regard to 

compliance-related issues relevant to their business functions. 

All new employees are also introduced to the company’s 

Customer Privacy Policy, with all employees required to adhere 

to the Employee Code of Conduct to maintain high levels of 

integrity throughout our operations.

During the reporting, there were no substantiated major 

complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

or losses of customer data. Additionally, there were no 

non-compliances in relation to relevant laws and regulations 

where non-compliance would have resulted in signiﬁ cant7 

monetary ﬁ nes, non-monetary sanctions, or cases brought 

through dispute resolution mechanisms. For FY2021, we 

strive to continue having zero major complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy or customer data losses and 

zero non-compliances to relevant laws and regulations.

7 

Signiﬁ cant referring to monetary ﬁ nes over SGD 10,000.



GOVERNANCE

24 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


TMPL strives to improve the health and livelihoods of our 

communities. TMPL also contributes to improving our nation’s 

total fertility rate and Singapore’s population through raising 

the community’s awareness on family planning and fertility 

issues.

Several initiatives were implemented by TMPL during the 

reporting period which targeted at improving the lives of 

women and children. We partnered many organisations 

committed to improving the lives of women and children, 

and organised 8 large-scale public seminars and 1 online 

webinar. These seminars were heavily subsidised by TMPL’s 

partners and aimed to equip mothers-to-be with knowledge 

from renowned obstetricians, paediatricians, TCM physicians, 

and parentcraft specialists. Participants paid a nominal fee 

to learn about pregnancy, weaning, and children’s health. 

Through these seminars, TMPL managed to reach out to over 

4,000 participants.

KNOW YOUR FERTILITY WELLNESS CAMPAIGN

Since 2016, Thomson Fertility Centre (“TFC”) has also been 

partnering I Love Children (“ILC”), the voluntary welfare 

organisation behind the annual national campaign “Know 

Your Fertility Wellness”. The campaign reaches out to young 

adults and couples island-wide on the topics of fertility health 

and family power, with the purpose of keeping Singapore’s 

population young by advocating a higher priority to having 

children earlier in their adulthood. In 2019, TFC, being the 

only private healthcare institution that ILC partnered with, 

once again supported the cause by sponsoring complimentary 

fertility health screenings worth S$80,000 to 200 couples. 

TFC, together with Thomson Chinese Medicine, will be 

supporting the campaign again in 2020. By making fertility 

health checks available at zero to low cost to couples who 

would otherwise not have proceeded with one, we provide 

the opportunities for more couples to understand their 

fertility status to be able to make well-informed reproductive 

and family planning decisions.

RARE DISEASE FUND 



In alignment with providing people with the opportunity to be 

healthy, we aid those with rare diseases who often do not have 

available treatments and subsequently have shorter lifespans. 

In conjunction with Thomson Medical’s 40th anniversary, the 

organisation lent support to the Rare Disease Fund (“RDF”) 

– a charity fund that provides long-term ﬁ nancial support 

for such patients. In total, TMPL and its employees raised 

S$40,000 for the RDF which funds available treatments that 

require high-cost medicines, substantially increasing patients’ 

life expectancies and improving their quality of life.

THOMSON BREAST CENTRE SEMINARS

Thomson Breast Centre, one of TMPL’s newest addition to its 

suite of services for women’s health, collaborated with Icon 

Cancer Centre to establish a series of free consumer seminars 

focusing on holistic breast cancer education. These seminars 

aimed to raise awareness about the deadliest cancers in 

women and their treatment options, with insights from a 

breast surgeon, medical oncologist, and radiation oncologist.

RED CROSS BLOOD DONATION DRIVE

In support of the National Blood Programme, TMPL organised 

a blood donation drive on 1 September 2020 with the 

Singapore Red Cross Society. The drive collected a total of 

40 units of blood that will help patients in Singapore have the 

necessary access to safe and sufﬁ cient blood supplies.





Thomson Medical organises public education seminars to raise awareness on 

parenting and pregnancy

LOCAL

COMMUNITIES

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 25


GRI Standards

Notes/Page number(s)

General Disclosures

Organisational Proﬁ le

102-1

Name of the organisation

Thomson Medical Group Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

About Thomson Medical Group Limited, Page 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Thomson Medical Group Limited, Page 2

102-4

Location of operations

About Thomson Medical Group Limited, Page 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Thomson Medical Group Limited 2020 Annual 

Report

102-6

Markets served

About Thomson Medical Group Limited, Page 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Thomson Medical Group Limited, Page 2

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Training and Education, Page 19 to 21

102-9

Supply chain

The organisation’s supply chain consists of sourcing, 

evaluating, purchasing, storage and distribution of 

pharmaceutical supplies, drugs, medical devices, 

equipment and personal products, as well as clinical 

services such as laboratory and radiology services. 

Products under the house brand are produced and 

packaged locally in order to support local suppliers.

102-10

Signiﬁ cant changes to organisation 

and its supply chain

Acquisition of the healthcare business was completed 

in April 2018, while the divestment of the real estate 

business was completed in January 2019.

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

TMPL’s risk management includes environmental risk 

management such as disease outbreaks.

102-12

External initiatives

TMPL is currently not part of any externally-developed 

economic, environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives.

102-13

Membership of associations

TMG is a member of the Sale of Infant Foods Ethics 

Committee Singapore (“SIFECS”), Reproductive 

Technology Accreditation Committee (“RTAC”) and 

Singapore National Employer Federation (“SNEF”).

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement, Page 5

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

26 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


GRI Standards

Notes/Page number(s)

General Disclosures

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Sustainability Approach, Page 7

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Board Statement, Page 5

Sustainability Approach, Page 7

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 to 12

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable as TMPL does not have or belong 

to any Union, and are not bound by any collective 

agreements.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 to 12

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 to 12

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 to 12

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

ﬁ nancial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements 2020 Annual 

Report

102-46

Deﬁ ning report content and topic 

Boundaries

About this Report, Page 6

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality, Page 8 to 10

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable as there are no signiﬁ cant restatements 

of previously reported information.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Board Statement, Page 5

102-50

Reporting period

About this Report, Page 6

102-51

Date of most recent report

The Sustainability Report 2018 was published in 

June 2019. 

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

GRI Standards

About this Report, Page 6

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, Page 26 to 29

102-56

External assurance

TMG has not sought external assurance on this 

Report.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 27


GRI Standards

Notes/Page number(s)

General Disclosures

103-1

Explanation of the material boundary 

and topic

The material factor boundaries are deﬁ ned as where 

TMPL has signiﬁ cant impacts and has caused or 

contributed to the impacts through its business 

relationships.

Material factors with internal boundaries are as 

follows:

• Economic Performance

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Training and Education

Material factors with internal and external boundaries 

are as follows:

• Customer Satisfaction

• Customer Health and Safety

• Environmental Compliance

• Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Additional disclosures with internal and external 

boundaries are as follows:

• Local Communities

Material Topics

Economic Performance

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Thomson Medical Group Limited 2020 Annual 

Report:

• Letter to Shareholders

• Operational Review

• Financial Highlights

• Financial Contents

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Customer Satisfaction

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Customer Satisfaction, Page 14 to 15

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Customer Health and Safety

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Customer Health and Safety, Page 16 to 17

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

28 | 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP


GRI Standards

Notes/Page number(s)

General Disclosures

Occupational Health and Safety (2018)

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

Occupational Health and Safety, Page 18 to 19

403-2

Hazard identiﬁ cation, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Recordable work-related injuries refer to injuries that 

are reported to the authorities.

403-3

Occupational health services

Rate of recordable work-related injuries for both 

employees and workers who are not employees but 

whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the 

organisation are zero.

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety

403-5

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety

403-6

Promotion of worker health

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships

403-9

Work-related injuries

Training and Education

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Training and Education, Page 19 to 21

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Average hours of training for nursing and non-

nursing staff were disclosed by such categories due 

to the nature of the business.

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Environmental Compliance

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Environmental Compliance, Page 23 to 24

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Compliance with Laws and Regulations, Page 24

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 | 29








(Reg. No 199908381D)

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP LIMITED

101 Thomson Road #20-04/05 United Square

Singapore 307591

Tel: (65) 6331 0188  Fax: (65) 6331 0180

www.thomsonmedical.com

























