

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































CONTENTS



02

About the Report

03

About Thomson Medical Group

05

Message from the Chairman 

07

Board Statement

08

Governance and Sustainability Approach

11

Stakeholder Engagement

13

Topics and UNSDG

14

Patient Satisfaction

18

Health and Safety

24

Employees

28

Environmental Management

31

Compliance With Laws And Regulations

33

Communities

35

GRI Content Index






VISION



To be the provider of choice for integrated healthcare solutions across Asia.

MISSION



We aim to create better lives for people through innovative, unique and sustainable integrated solutions – 

delivering exceptional healthcare services solutions of the highest quality.

CORE VALUES



I.C.A.R.E



INTEGRITY

We serve with the highest standards of ethical 

conduct

COMMITMENT

We are committed to contributing our best 

to society and the organisation and achieving 

service excellence

ACCOUNTABILITY

We take ownership and responsibility for our 

actions

RESPECT

We treat our customers with respect and dignity. 

We learn from those more knowledgeable 

than us

EMPATHY

We care for our patients, doctors, customers 

and employees. Of paramount importance is 

their well-being and we will always respond with 

compassion

BRAND PROMISE



D.E.L.I.V.E.R



DELIGHT

Delighting by exceeding expectations

EMPATHISE

Caring with compassion

LEARN

Learning and adopting best practices

INNOVATE

Creating unique, relevant and integrated services

VALUE-ADD

Providing outstanding services at affordable 

prices

EMPOWER

Equipping customers with the knowledge to 

manage their health effectively

RESPECT

Treating each customer with respect and dignity

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







01






Welcome to our 3rd annual sustainability report. 

This report highlights our Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) approaches and results for our 

hospital operations in Singapore.

Contents of this report cover material sustainability issues 

based on stakeholder engagement across Thomson Medical 

Pte Ltd (“TMPL”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) that could 

influence the value we create for our stakeholders.

Information on the sustainability of our operations in 

Malaysia is published separately in TMC Life Sciences Berhad 

(“TMCLS”) 2021 Sustainability Report.

This report is prepared in accordance with Rule 711A and 

711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Manual and guidelines set out 

in SGX-ST’s Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide.

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option and its reporting 

principles in the preparation of this report. The GRI standards were selected as it is an internationally recognised and widely 

adopted reporting framework that provides guidance best suited for our business model.

We believe in the importance of Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) as adopted 

in 2015 by the United Nations (“UN”) and member countries in achieving a sustainable 

future for everyone. As such, we have mapped our activities to SDGs pertinent to us.

We greatly value your feedback on our sustainability practices. Please share your ideas and feedback with us at 

ir@thomsonmedical.com.















THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





02

ABOUT THE REPORT




Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, the Group is one of the leading listed healthcare players in the South-

East Asian region with operations in Singapore and Malaysia. The Group’s healthcare business includes Thomson Medical Pte 

Ltd and TMC Life Sciences Berhad. Another developing business is the Vantage Bay Healthcare City which is currently under 

planning stage.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group’s regional footprint, comprising two hospitals and a network of specialist medical clinics 

across Singapore and Malaysia, is supported by a diverse talent pool of over 1,500 healthcare professionals that are committed 

to delivering Thomson Medical’s trusted brand of care to generations and beyond.

THOMSON MEDICAL PTE LTD (“TMPL”)

Established in 1979, TMPL is one of the largest private providers of healthcare 

services for women and children in Singapore. It owns and operates the 

iconic Thomson Medical Centre (“TMC”) as well as a network of specialist 

medical clinics and facilities providing outpatient women and children 

healthcare services and service offerings in diagnostic imaging, health 

screening, fertility, breast and gynaecological oncology, dentistry, specialist 

dermatology, traditional Chinese medicine, musculoskeletal and sports 

medicine, medical aesthetics, and counselling and specialised learning for 

children with learning difficulties.

Through the years, TMC continues to deliver quality care and service to 

patients through our Thomson Touch. As we grow and expand, we continue 

to develop lasting alliances with our patients and their families, to be a 

trusted healthcare partner through their entire life journey.

TMC LIFE SCIENCES BERHAD (“TMCLS”)

The Group’s operations in Malaysia under TMCLS is a multidisciplinary 

healthcare company listed on Bursa Malaysia. It operates Thomson Hospital 

Kota Damansara, a tertiary hospital located in Kota Damansara, and the 

award-winning TMC Fertility Centre which is the industry leader in assisted 

reproduction in Malaysia. The expansion project for the construction 

of a 330-bed new wing at Thomson Hospital Kota Damansara has been 

completed and is scheduled to commence operations in the 3rd quarter of 

FY2022. Information on TMCLS will be disclosed separately in its annual 

report at https://www.tmclife.com/annual-report/.

VANTAGE BAY HEALTHCARE CITY (“VBHC”)

Sited on 9.23ha freehold waterfront land in Johor Bahru’s City Centre, VBHC 

is envisioned to be a proposed designed first-of-its-kind integrated medical, 

education and wellness hub. VBHC comprises a medical hub including three 

hospitals and a long-term care facility, a wellness hub providing therapeutic 

care and lifestyle-related services, including age-friendly assisted-living 

residences and an education and training hub which comprise a medical 

training institute and teaching hospital. This is the first fully-integrated 

health sciences platform to be developed in the region.

Our core values reflect what is truly important to us as an organisation 

and these are key drivers to our approach towards sustainability and how 

these are integrated into our commitment towards business, operational 

and service excellence.



















SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







03

ABOUT THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP




PATIENT EXPERIENCE

HEALTH AND SAFETY

GOVERNANCE

24:1

Compliments to complaints ratio

Choice hospital again 

98%

selected “definitely” and “likely”

Patient satisfaction

99%

selected “much better than 

expected” and “better than 

expected”

Recommend TMPL to friends

98%

selected “definitely” and “likely”

ZERO non-compliance 

incidents with environmental laws 

and other relevant laws

1 complaint concerning breach 

of customer privacy and data loss

ZERO

High-consequence 

work-related injuries

ZERO

Workplace 

fatalities

31

Average training hours for 

nursing staff

ZERO

non-compliance incidents

concerning health and safety 

impacts

ATTAINMENT OF 3 ISO CERTIFICATIONS







EMPLOYEES

o ISO 9001-Quality Management

o ISO 45001-Occupational Health and Safety Management

o ISO 14001-Environmental Management

Economic Performance

The Group’s economic performance for the reporting period has been disclosed in the Annual Report. Please refer to the 

Financial Contents section of the Annual Report for more information.

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





04

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS




Dear Stakeholders,

As we progress through another year, the Group takes yet 

another step forward in our journey to make sustainability 

the cornerstone of our vision, mission, and core values. 

Our sustainability report shares the progress and efforts 

TMPL has made towards contributing to the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (“UNSDG”) – as we strive 

towards becoming a leading healthcare services provider so 

as to provide the best care for our patients, their families 

and the communities we serve. We have thus aligned our 

sustainability efforts to include and go beyond Sustainable 

Development Goal 3: Good Health and Well-being, and 

review our business strategy against other global priorities 

which this report sets out to chart our journey to address some 

of the world’s biggest sustainable development challenges.

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to leave indelible 

changes on the way we live and work, it has also elevated 

the importance of sustainability to build a healthier world for 

the next generation and beyond. To this end, the Board is 

committed to oversee the Group’s sustainability strategy and 

will continue to implement practical initiatives that support a 

more sustainable future for all stakeholders.

Guided by the Board, the Group’s Sustainability Steering 

Committee (“STC”) and Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) 

have 

implemented 

organisation-wide 

sustainability 

programmes aligned with our core values. We regard UNSDGs 

as important reference points to determine our material ESG 

topics and continuously refine our sustainability approach in 

alignment with the UNSDGs to shape the business towards 

achieving these goals.

STAYING RESILIENT AGAINST COVID-19

Although COVID-19 presented many challenges for the 

Group, I am proud that our people showed their true mettle 

by remaining resilient and agile in the face of the pandemic. 

We continued to deliver high-quality healthcare to our 

patients, ensured the safety of our employees and visitors, 

and maintained the viability of the business. Our Emergency 

Preparedness Plans and experience in managing SARS and 

H1N1 allowed us to effectively respond to the pandemic and 

safely continue to deliver quality care to our patients as we 

navigated through the COVID-19 pandemic.

To ensure the safety of vulnerable patients, TMPL established 

external treatment and isolation facilities outside the hospital’s 

premises to segregate and manage patients with risk factors 

including fever and respiratory symptoms. Through the 

effective management, ongoing training and deployment of 

Personal Protective Equipment supplies, we ensured that our 

frontline employees operated in a safe working environment, 

over the protracted pandemic. To mitigate the transmission of 

the virus among back-office employees, a combination of safe 

distancing, split team and staggered working arrangements, 

routine Antigen Rapid Tests, and work from home policies 

where possible were mandated. Supporting the fight against 

COVID-19 in Singapore, we operationalised three Vaccination 

Centres, and deployed our healthcare workers to serve at 

Community Care Facilities and managed COVID-19 serology 

operations at migrant worker dormitories.

SUPPORTING INNOVATION AND PROGRESS

Through the hard work of our teams, I am pleased to report 

that we have successfully obtained certifications for the 

International Standards Organisation (“ISO”) for Quality 

(ISO 9001), Environmental (ISO 14001) and Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety (ISO 45001) during the year. This triple ISO 

certification is a recognition of TMPL’s efforts and compliance 

in establishing quality and consistent standards in these areas 

throughout the organisation, as we deliver quality care to all 

our patients.



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







05

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 




On the digital front, we have embarked on work to implement 

an Electronic Medical Records (“EMR”) system scheduled 

to go live by FY2023. Once operational, we will be able to 

progressively harness the benefits of big data to provide 

better care and enhance the quality of our patient experience.

Recognising that the future of healthcare will be driven by 

technology, new areas of medical innovation, and healthcare 

products and services, we established Thomson X (“TX”) 

to chart the Group’s technology roadmap and unlock new 

growth areas. Synergising HealthTech with the Group’s 

physical healthcare network provides an unprecedented 

opportunity to relook at the way we deliver care, improve 

patient outcomes through more personalised medicine, and 

drive cost efficiency at all levels.

SUPPORTING THE ENVIRONMENT

Environmental sustainability is a top priority for TMPL as an 

operator of hospitals and speciality clinics. We continue to 

make progress in delivering environmentally sustainable 

outcomes with initiatives targeting the reduction of energy 

and water use, reducing wastage and single-use resources. 

These initiatives build on Thomson Medical Centre’s 

achievement in obtaining the Building Construction Authority 

(“BCA”) Green Mark certification in September 2020, as we 

continue to uphold standards towards a sustainable future.

SUPPORTING THE COMMUNITY

Working around safe management measures during the 

pandemic, we continue our efforts in educating parents 

and parents-to-be through webinars where our experts 

share their knowledge about parenting, pregnancy, fertility, 

and children’s health. In line with our growing business, we 

also work with partners to broaden our range of education 

topics to include women’s health, breast cancer, urinary 

incontinence, COVID-19 vaccinations and raising awareness 

on childhood myopia. As a leader in fertility, we also continue 

to partner I Love Children to sponsor fertility health screening 

to couples, in a bid to raise the importance of understanding 

fertility and making informed family planning decisions.

APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to 

thank our doctors, nurses and staff who have worked tirelessly 

through these challenging times to continue to deliver the 

best care to our patients. I would also like to express thanks to 

all our stakeholders who have been supporting us as we forge 

ahead with our commitment towards a healthier and more 

sustainable future. As the Group continues to grow from 

strength to strength, I am confident that the sustainability 

initiatives and goals we have defined will guide us into a 

brighter and healthier future.

NG SER MIANG

Chairman, Non-Executive and Independent Director









THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





06

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 




The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present TMPL’s Sustainability Report for the period of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 

2021. The Board believes that the embodiment of fundamental tenets of sustainability within TMPL’s business strategy is critical 

to safeguard the long-term success and progress of the Group as a leading healthcare provider.

Sustainability continues to be an essential part of our strategy to foster innovation and create long-term value for our 

stakeholders. To provide a dedicated focus on sustainability, a Sustainability Steering Committee (“STC”) and Sustainability 

Task Force (“STF”) is in place to implement organisation-wide sustainability programmes which are aligned with TMPL’s core 

values and sustainability goals. As the Board oversees the development of the Group’s vision and mission, it ensures that 

sustainability goals are integrated into all our business operations in Singapore, validates the topics identified through the 

materiality assessment process and the STC and STF in the monitoring and performance of these material topics.

In addition, we are pleased to report that we have successfully obtained certifications for the International Standards Organisation 

(“ISO”) for Quality (ISO 9001), Environmental (ISO 14001) and Occupational Health &amp; Safety (ISO 45001) during the year. This 

triple ISO certification is a recognition of TMPL’s efforts and compliance in establishing quality and consistent standards in these 

areas throughout the organisation, staying true to the ethos behind what we do.

This report encapsulates our overarching approach towards ESG risks and opportunities, and the sustainability performance of 

our healthcare operations in Singapore. We believe that with the achievement of our sustainability goals, we are well-positioned 

to bring sustainable value to our stakeholders and contribute positively to the growth of our environment, community and 

society.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







07

BOARD STATEMENT




Sustainability Approach

TMPL’s sustainability approach closely aligns with our long-term vision to be the provider of choice for integrated healthcare 

solutions across South East Asia. We strive to create long-term value to our stakeholders through a holistic approach. We 

are committed to providing accessibility to a wide range of healthcare services and products, innovating unique and relevant 

services, delivering value and quality and contributing to the community.

Our core values of Integrity, Commitment, Accountability, Respect, and Empathy shape our approach towards sustainability. 

They guide us in the development and alignment of our initiatives with the prioritised material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) topics to our stakeholders and seven (7) SDGs. In 2021, our core values continue to align our commitment 

to prioritise health and safety, compliance with laws and regulations and the management of our footprint on the environment 

in the review of our sustainability initiatives.

The table below outlines the alignment of TMPL’s position and initiatives against our prioritised SDGs.

UN SDGs

TMPL’s Position

TMPL’s Initiatives

Goal 3: Ensure 

healthy lifestyle and 

promote well-being 

for all at all ages.

Goal 8: Promote 

sustained, inclusive 

and sustainable 

economic growth, 

full and productive 

employment and 

decent work for all.

TMPL’s core business is in 

promoting healthy lifestyle, 

safety, and well-being for all, 

including both customers and 

employees.

TMPL is also committed to 

retaining its employees, and 

providing a healthy and safe 

workplace.

• Attained ISO 9001 Quality Management System 

Certificate in 2021

• Attained ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety 

System certification

• Developed a Service Excellence Framework and Quality 

and Patient Safety Framework

• Established Emergency Preparedness for Disease 

Outbreak Hospital Administrative Policy to provide 

measures and operational actions to prevent infectious 

disease transmission in the hospital

• Implemented a comprehensive response to COVID-19 

pandemic, with strict policies include training and 

awareness programme

• Put in place stringent use of personal protective 

equipment and COVID-19 testing for all employees and 

partners

• Alignment with International Patient Safety Goals

• Regular Hand and Food Hygiene Audits

• Compliance with Workplace Safety Act

• Continually inculcating the reporting culture guided by 

the Hospital Occurrence Reporting Policy to recognise, 

report, investigate and respond to incident occurrences

• Regular health and safety awareness programme, 

trainings and campaign, include fire safety trainings

• Implemented employee vaccination programmes

• Launched Thomson Kids, a dedicated specialised 

learning centre to help children with learning  

difficulties

• Established Thomson X to bring greater experiences to 

patient and their families through improve connectivity 

and personalisation of patient care

• Developing Electronic Medical Records System which 

will be implemented by FY2023 to improve the quality 

of care by reducing medical errors, providing an 

effective means of communication, sharing information 

between healthcare providers

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





08

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH




UN SDGs

TMPL’s Position

TMPL’s Initiatives

• Regular audits conducted by internal auditors against 

National Infection Prevention and Control Standards

• Set up of new department, Health Information 

Management Service to support data-driven 

performance management journey

Goal 4: Ensure 

inclusive and 

equitable quality 

education and 

promote lifelong 

learning opportunities 

for all.

TMPL is committed to training its 

workforce to promote access to 

technical skills for employment.

• Conducted Thomson Touch Service Training Program 

throughout the year

• Provided general training, competency-based training 

and specialty training to employees according to their 

roles

• Organised virtual babycare classes, childbirth education, 

hospital tours and providing telehealth solutions

• Organised webinars on fertility and treatment options

• Partnered with multiple organisations to provide 

awareness and education towards improving the lives 

of women and children on topics such as breast cancer 

and cervical cancer

Goal 7: Ensure 

access to affordable, 

reliable, sustainable 

and modern energy 

for all.

Goal 12: Ensure 

sustainable 

consumption and 

production patterns.

Goal 13: Take urgent 

action to combat 

climate change and 

its impacts.

TMPL strives for energy efficiency 

to reduce reliance on fossil fuels.

TMPL is also committed to:

• supporting responsible 

management of waste and

• mitigating climate change by 

reducing its carbon footprint 

through energy efficiency 

initiatives.

• Attained ISO 14001 Environmental Management 

System Certification

• Weekly kitchen and food hygiene audits carried out 

based on the Singapore Food Hygiene Standards set by 

Singapore Food Agency

• Weekly pest control inspection conducted to be in 

compliance with the Control of Vectors and Pesticide 

Act

• Weekly monthly cooling towers inspection conducted 

to be in compliance with the EPH Cooling Towers and 

Water Fountain Regulations

• In-door Air Quality conducted once in every three 

years based on SS554 Code of Practice for IAQ of Air 

Conditioned Buildings and aligned with Workplace 

Safety and Health Guidelines

• Conducted hand hygiene audits to comply with 

National Infection Prevention and Control Standards

• Implemented workplace vaccination measures in 

accordance with Ministry of Health Guidelines

• Obtained Green Mark certification in 2020

• Fitted variable speed drives in chillers and air handling 

units

• Continuous replacement of lightings to be retrofitted 

with LED lightings

• Installed low pressure water systems and high water-

efficient products at the toilets in our facilities

• Biohazard waste management audits done periodically 

• Conversion of paper-based patient experience feedback 

form to online platform

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







09

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH






UN SDGs

TMPL’s Position

TMPL’s Initiatives

Goal 16: Promote 

peaceful and 

inclusive societies 

for sustainable 

development, provide 

access to justice for 

all and build effective, 

accountable and 

inclusive institutions 

at all levels.

TMPL supports SDG 16 by 

establishing robust corporate 

governance policies and 

processes to comply to the rule 

of law.

• Implemented patient privacy and confidentiality data 

protection policy

• Maintained code of conduct and ethics and 

whistleblowing process

Sustainability Governance

Building a sustainable business requires a collective effort across all levels of the organisation. At TMPL, we adopt an innovative 

and integrated approach to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders with oversight from the Board. In developing these 

solutions, our Sustainability Steering Committee, in consultation with the Board, look for ways to improve our services and find 

sustainable ways to synergise our operations and execute these programmes through the Sustainability Task Force.

• Overseeing the Group’s 

overall sustainability direction, 

approving the identified material 

ESG factors, and approving this 

Report.

• Managing and monitoring the 

sustainability performance with 

the support of the Sustainability 

Steering Committee and 

Sustainability Task Force. 

• Formed by senior management 

and representatives from various 

departments.

• Overseeing the development and 

implementation of organisation-

wide sustainability strategy.

• Reviewing, assessing and 

determining the sustainability 

strategy, material topics, scope, 

boundary, and prioritisation 

of issues to be included in this 

Report.

• Formed by representatives across 

functions.

• Implementing and executing 

the sustainability policies and 

practices as well as monitoring 

the sustainability performance.





THE BOARD

SUSTAINABILITY

STEERING 

COMMITTEE

(“SSC”)

SUSTAINABILITY

TASK FORCE

(“STF”)

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





10

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH




At TMPL, we strongly believe that developing and maintaining strong and positive relationships with our stakeholders is a key 

requirement for ongoing success and ability to grow. We conduct frequent and regular engagement with our stakeholders to 

ensure long-term trust and accountability. These engagements enable us to understand and address the needs, concerns, and 

expectations raised by our stakeholders.

Our stakeholder groups are identified based on their level of influence and interest in TMPL’s business activities. We have 

identified seven (7) stakeholder groups that we consider most pertinent to TMPL. Due to restrictions on group gatherings 

and physical meetings imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic, we maintained our stakeholder engagement efforts this year 

through virtual platforms.

Our key stakeholder groups and engagement methods are described in the following table:

Stakeholders Group

Forms of Engagement

Frequency

Key Focus Areas

Employees

• Employee meetings

• Town halls engagement

• Intranet and newsletter

• Performance appraisals

• Social activities

• Senior Leaders’ walk rounds

Throughout the 

year

• Fair compensation and benefits

• Learning and career 

development opportunities

• Equal opportunities

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Employee well-being

• Resource planning

Customers

(including patients and 

family 

members 

of 

patients)

• Customer satisfaction survey

• Corporate website and social 

media and digital platforms

• Customer hotline

• Ward rounds

• Hospital tours

Daily

• Quality patient care

• Customer privacy and 

experience

• Customer service

• Service recovery prompt 

response for enquiries and 

feedback

• Clean and safe environment

• Transparency of pricing of 

services

Doctors

• Phone calls, e-mails and 

meetings

• Seminars and webinars

• Clinic visits

• Doctors’ newsletter

Throughout the 

year

• Clinical and service quality

• Continuing medical education

• Develop employee 

competencies to ensure safe 

care for their respective patient 

group

• Identify needs and 

provide seamless support 

Communication, promotion &amp; 

awareness of services

Shareholders

• Release of financial results and 

announcements, press releases 

and other required disclosures 

through SGXNet and TMG’s 

corporate website

• Annual Report

• Annual General Meeting

• Extraordinary General Meeting

Throughout the 

year

• Business and operations 

performance

• Business strategy and outlook

• Corporate governance

• Compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations

• Transparency and timely 

announcement

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







11

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT




Stakeholders Group

Forms of Engagement

Frequency

Key Focus Areas

Government and 

Regulators

• Reports of various performance 

and clinical indicators

• Ongoing communication and 

consultation with the relevant 

authorities

Throughout the 

year

• Compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations

• Prompt and accurate regulatory 

disclosures

Supplier and 

Contractors

• Tenders, request for quotations 

and proposals

• Site visits and meetings

• E-mails

Throughout the 

year

• Business performance

• Fair tender process

• Competitive pricing

• Good quality of goods and 

services

• Occupational health and safety

• Compliance with laws and 

regulations

Local Communities

• Public education programmes 

and support for local non-profit 

organisations

Throughout the 

year

• Contribution to and 

engagement with the local 

community





THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





12

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT




MATERIALITY

Annually, we draw on insights from our key stakeholders, internal and external, groups through the various engagement 

channels to identify important issues to be addressed. We adopt a three-step materiality assessment process guided by the GRI 

Materiality Principles, to identify the ESG topics that are material to our business and stakeholders. We focus the disclosure of 

activities on our most material ESG topics in this report.

Based on these insights gathered and anticipating a shift in the main concerns of our stakeholders in light of the ongoing 

COVID-19 pandemic, we have conducted a re-assessment of our material topics. Based on our assessment, the material topics 

which were identified in the previous year remain relevant and therefore, have been maintained. In view of emerging global 

trends in environmental sustainability, we have enhanced our disclosures in this report to include energy, water conservation 

and waste management as material topics of increasing importance.

We have mapped these material topics to the UN SDGs to align our sustainability initiatives with global sustainable goals.

Material topics

UN SDGs

Patient Satisfaction

Health and Safety

Employees

• Training and Education

Environmental Management

• Energy Conservation

• Water Conservation

• Waste Management and Compliance

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







13

TOPICS AND UNSDG




Our Approach

At TMPL, our patients are our priority as we aim to build long-term relationships with them and their families. We strive to 

provide our patients with memorable experiences, personalised to their diverse needs.

To encourage patients to make TMPL a choice healthcare provider, we have taken into consideration their needs, preferences 

and expectations. When patients have a good impression and experience of the quality of healthcare services at TMPL, they 

are likely to return and make recommendations to their families and friends. In addition to having a comprehensive range of 

services, we go the extra mile to innovate our services and create personalised treatment options for our customers.

Our Service Quality Committee (“SQC”) oversees patient experience, an indicator that measures the performance of TMPL. 

The SQC develops the Service Excellence Framework (“SEF”), executes customer service strategy, ensures consistency of 

service standards on-site and off-site and develops and spreads service improvement initiatives to enhance the overall patient 

experience.

GRI 103: Management Approach – Patient Satisfaction

SERVICE

STANDARDS

CUSTOMER

SERVICE

TRAINING

SOLICITED &amp; 

UNSOLICITED 

FEEDBACK

SERVICE

QUALITY

COMMITTEE

THOMSON 

TOUCH ROLL 

CALLS HUDDLES

REVIEW  

IMPLEMENT 

MONITOR &amp; SUSTAIN

BRAND 

PROMISE

D.E.L.I.V.E.R.

INPATEINT 

OUTPATIENT 

FEEDBACK

SERVICE RECOVCERY PROCESS

SERVICE 

EXCELLENCE 

FRAMEWORK

Diagram 1 : Service Excellence Framework

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





14

PATIENT SATISFACTION




The Service Excellence Framework (“SEF”) provides the overarching structure to service standards and the patient experience 

drivers model, helps the organisation to take a deeper look at the processes, products and people, develop strategies and 

implement quality and patient safety initiatives that could impact patient experience and enhance satisfaction. Patient experience 

is associated with safe, patient-centeredness, effective care, timely and efficient service.

The SQC has developed and executed a series of initiatives during the year to drive positive outcomes such as the Planning and 

Crowdsourcing Program. Launched in January 2021, the program encourages generation of innovative ideas for new service 

improvements through staff and leadership engagement.

To continue strengthening our workplace culture, we accentuate the concept of walk-the-talk into practice. We believe it 

is important to build a culture of appreciation by bringing out the best in every employee and giving recognition for their 

contributions. Henceforth, the Employees and Partners’ Reward and Recognition Programme was developed to recognise 

and reward exemplary staff and teams who have demonstrated our BRAND Promise and Core Values in their daily work. 

Various awards such as the SPOT Award, Angel Award and Excellence in Action Award were introduced to all levels of staff 

to encourage and enhance service excellence culture. In addition, we recently started to profile staff on our corporate social 

media platforms who have gone above and beyond their duties to provide excellent service when caring for their patients. 

In appreciating the efforts of these staff members, we aim to encourage all staff to learn from these positive examples and 

embrace Thomson Medical’s culture of positive service.

Engaging today’s tech savvy customers for real time feedback is paramount to build brand loyalty, achieve timely service recovery 

and patient satisfaction. Hence, the conversion of paper-based patient experience feedback form to an online platform, which 

was initiated during the year will invariably contribute to a greener environment. In addition, we have also expanded our 

feedback channels to all departments within the hospital.

The SQC continues to pilot new projects to enhance the overall patient experience across the hospital and its services.

Diagram 1 : Patient Experience Drivers Model

PROFESSIONAL 

IMAGE

STAFF

ENGAGEMENT

PRODUCTS 

&amp; PROCESS 

INNOVATIONS

LEARNING &amp; 

SHARING

TEAMWORK

PATIENT 

&amp; FAMILY 

ENGAGEMENT

PATIENT

EXPERIENCE

DRIVERS

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







15

PATIENT SATISFACTION




Service delivery training

To maintain high quality service delivery, we conducted employee training 

throughout the year through our signature Thomson Touch Service Training 

program. This program strives to nurture a service-oriented mindset, firmly 

built on a foundation of excellence in culture and service innovation among 

our employees. Amid the challenges brought about by COVID-19, some 

of these training sessions have been conducted virtually through video 

conferencing while daily service huddles and roll calls which were facilitated by 

Unit Managers continue to be conducted regularly to reinforce patient-centred 

proactive service delivery.

Other service offerings

Staying safe and healthy has always been a priority for all parents with a newborn. With 

the pandemic here to stay for a while, this has certainly raised safety as an even higher 

priority. As such, we have prepared a “Stay Safe Essentials” gift bag for all mummies who 

deliver at our hospital. Packed with useful mum and baby products, the gift hopes to 

support the priorities of our parents, helping the whole family to stay safe together.

Building on decades of experience in women’s and children’s health, we have also launched 

Thomson Kids, our first dedicated specialised learning centre to help children with learning 

difficulties through a structured programme derived from evidence-based interventions.

In seeing to mothers’ daily nutritional needs post-childbirth, Thomson Confinement Food 

packages covers mummies through the crucial 28 days of confinement, offering both lunch 

and dinner with two well-planned food menus – the Traditional Chinese Confinement 

Menu and Resepi Ibunda – Confinement Menu for Muslim Mums. Nutritious food is 

delivered straight to the doorstep in reusable environmentally friendly thermal containers, 

ensuring a warm and fresh meal every time.

























THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





16

PATIENT SATISFACTION




Driving Efficiency with Innovation and Technology

Building on one of our key service capability areas, we continually implement and use 

innovative technology to increase the quality and efficiency of care provided to our 

patients. We recognise that investments in technology and equipment will pave the way 

to procedural efficiency, connectivity, personalisation of patient care and patient wellbeing.

Virtual platforms

In FY2021, we leveraged on digital platforms to deliver some of our services such as virtual 

baby care classes, childbirth education, hospital tours and providing telehealth solutions to 

our patients as part of our efforts to continue supporting our patients’ experience amid the 

COVID-19 pandemic.

Thomson X

The future of healthcare will be driven by technology, new areas of medical innovation, and 

healthcare products and services. Thomson X was established during the year to oversee 

and direct the Group’s technology roadmap. We believe, with digital technologies and 

solutions, our patients and their families will have greater experiences through improve 

connectivity and personalisation of patient care.

Electronic Medical Records

We have commenced work to implement the Electronic Medical Records system during the 

year. The system is scheduled to go live by FY2023 and aims to improve patient care and 

safety with easy access to a patient’s integrated medical records at the point of care.

Digitalised medical records enhance productivity with integration to other clinical systems 

for seamless and speedy access to patient results and will be a key enabler for healthcare 

data analytics. To this end, we have also set up a new department, the Health Information 

Management Service, to support our data-driven performance management journey.

Performance Results and Targets

We used patient experience index to measure our patient’s experience and satisfaction level based on voluntary feedback. Whilst 

navigating through COVID-19 challenges to provide safe and quality care, we continue to achieve incremental improvements 

in the overall customer performance index as presented in the table below.

Performance results

FY2020

FY2021

Target

Compliments to complaint ratio

12: 1

24: 1

20: 1

Choice of hospital again

(selected “definitely” and “likely”)

98.1%

98.4%

100%

Customer satisfaction

(selected “much better than expected” and “better 

than expected”)

99.0%

99.1%

100%

Recommend TMPL to friends

(selected “definitely” and “likely”)

98.3%

98.4%

100%



















SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







17

PATIENT SATISFACTION




Our Approach

TMC, as the only private hospital for women and children in Singapore, providing comprehensive, specialised care, services 

and products to both mother and child. With a focus on sustainability, the management, staff and partners are committed to 

business, operational and service excellence through Integrated Management System and our Brand Promise “D.E.L.I.V.E.R”.

We adopted the ISO 9001 Quality, ISO 14001 Environmental and ISO 45001 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Standards and 

implemented practices in order to achieve best clinical and service outcomes for our patients while ensuring least waste and 

good staff morale.

We uphold these goals by:

(i) 

managing patient safety, quality assurance and improvement activities so as to reduce risks to patients and improve 

clinical, operational processes and outcomes;

(ii) 

monitoring, reviewing and maintaining safe systems of work, policies and procedures by complying with all relevant 

health, safety, environmental legislations;

(iii) 

preventing work-related incidents by providing adequate resources, programmes, education and training to our staff 

and service partners;

(iv) 

identifying, evaluating and controlling workplace risk and environmental impact assessment of hospital activities to 

mitigate foreseeable unsafe conditions, environment and behaviours;

(v) 

engaging relevant stakeholders and staff through communication, consultation and participation to improve the QEHS 

continually;

(vi) 

reviewing and implementing our objectives, targets and their performances; and

(vii) 

measuring and evaluating the effectiveness of quality, environmental sustainability, health and safety culture

We have in place comprehensive policies, procedures, processes and measures to mitigate operational, clinical, health and 

safety risks. TMPL’s Medical Advisory Board provides an oversight of the clinical sub-committees thus ensuring patient safety, 

compliance to clinical protocols and regulatory requirements.

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety   

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





18

HEALTH AND SAFETY




Quality and Patient Safety Program

At TMPL, the Quality and Patient Safety Program (“QPS”) is encapsulated in the Quality and Patient Safety Framework (“QPSF”). 

It aims to ensure that a coordinated and integrated approach is defined for managing patient safety, quality assurance and 

improvement activities so as to reduce risks to patients and improve clinical, operational processes and outcomes. The QPSF 

stipulates specific key strategic thrusts that relate to clinical risk management, patient safety, quality service and performance 

improvement. These include service and system initiatives which deal with fundamental quality assurance, quality improvement, 

patient safety basics, service standards, people development, organisational business excellence, and evidence-based practices.

We have established 5 sub-committees to oversee the different aspects of quality systems as follows:

Clinical Quality 

and Patient Safety 

Committee

Systems and Process 

Quality Committee 

Service Quality 

Committee

Performance 

Improvement 

Committee

Nursing Quality 

Assurance 

Committee

• To set the direction 

and strategy for 

quality assurance, 

quality management, 

risk management and 

patient experience 

and patient safety

• To review and align 

clinical practices and 

policies in accordance 

to professional 

standards, legal, 

regulatory and 

licensing requirements

• To ensure 

Environmental 

Health and Safety 

(“EHS”) for patients, 

visitors and other 

key stakeholders 

• To initiate effective 

strategies such 

as inspections, 

audits, EHS incident 

reports and mitigate 

institution risks, 

implement projects 

to support quality 

and safe care and 

promote health 

and safety in the 

workplace

• To review, develop 

and implement 

service excellence 

and reward 

and recognition 

frameworks, drive 

service culture 

through service 

standards, initiatives, 

risk assessment and 

to execute a result-

based approach 

to improve patient 

experience.

• A strategic platform 

to review and 

evaluate financial 

and nonfinancial 

measures, identify 

opportunities to 

improve quality of 

care, treatment, 

services, patient 

safety, customer 

experience and 

satisfaction.

• Work together 

with Workplace 

Health and Safety 

Committee to review 

legal requirements 

and compliance, 

measurement, 

and monitoring 

outcomes.

• Provide direction 

for nursing quality 

and ensure that 

the nursing 

care processes 

and services are 

designed, measured, 

monitored and 

audited for safety, 

quality, timeliness, 

effectiveness, 

efficiency 

and patient 

centeredness.

International Patient Safety Goals (“IPSG”)

TMPL strives to meet the International Patient Safety Goals (“IPSG”) as part of ensuring our patients’ health and safety. The 

purpose of the IPSG, as referenced from Joint Commission International, is to promote specific improvements in patient safety, 

highlight problematic areas in healthcare, and apply evidence- and expert-based solutions to these problems.

We have adapted the IPSG goals namely correct baby identification, improve safety in dispensing high-alert medication, ensure 

safe surgery, reduce health care associated infections through hand hygiene and reduce risk of patient harm resulting from falls.

Infection Prevention and Control Programme

Infection prevention and control can be challenging in the healthcare setting especially with emerging pandemics such as 

COVID-19. Notwithstanding these emergences, the healthcare institutions endeavour to keep hospital associated infections at 

bay by adopting and implementing hand hygiene guidelines from the World Health Organisation and Food Hygiene Standards 

from Singapore Food Agency, a statutory board under the Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment. We also align our 

practices to the National Infection Prevention and Control Standards.

Hand Hygiene Audit

The COVID-19 pandemic has reinforced the importance of compliance with hand hygiene standards. In line with IPSG 5, 

we adopted and implemented the World Health Organisation’s (“WHO”) evidence-based hand hygiene guideline. To ensure 

compliance, monthly hand hygiene audits were conducted by our Infection Control Liaison Officers. Nurses and doctors were 

audited on their adherence to the Five Moments of Hand Hygiene: (a) before touching patient, (b) before starting a clean 

procedure, (c) after exposure to body fluid, (d) after touching a patient, and (e) after touching patient surroundings. There were 

over 10,000 hand hygiene observations conducted, which achieved a compliance rate above our target of 90%.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







19

HEALTH AND SAFETY




Food Hygiene Audit

TMPL is committed to reduce the risk of infections associated with food services. For food hygiene, the operation and 

management of the kitchen at the hospital is outsourced to an established catering operator which is ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 

22000:2018 certified. Weekly inspections were performed on the kitchen where food is prepared to ensure satisfactory and 

hygienic conditions are maintained.

The food hygiene audit criteria cover general conditions of the kitchen, storage of food, functionality of refrigerators and cold 

room, diet presentation and quality, cleaning standards and employee hygiene.

The food hygiene audit and patients’ feedback were reviewed during monthly Food Committee Meetings. The identified 

opportunities for improvement were addressed promptly.

Performance Results and Targets

During the reporting period, we have achieved our target compliance rate for hand hygiene audits. Although we did not 

achieve the target set for FY2021 for food hygiene audits, we will strive to meet the target for FY2022.

Hand and Food Hygiene Audits

FY2020

FY2021

Target

Compliance rate of monthly hand hygiene audits

87%

91%

90%

Compliance rate of weekly food hygiene audits

84%

84%

85%

Safe Healthcare Products and Services

We are responsible for the safety of our patients as a healthcare provider, and we are committed to the highest standards 

of quality in our products, services and treatments. To ensure safety of our products and services, we have put in place strict 

policies and procedures for the purchasing and evaluation of medical equipment and pharmaceutical products.

At TMPL, we have three strategic objectives for pharmaceutical procurement to ensure that our medications are always 

available and prevent waste through, (i) a proper inventory system, (ii) procurement of drugs at optimal quantity and costs, and 

(iii) maintaining a list of reliable suppliers who met our vendor evaluation criteria.

All drugs purchased must be approved by the Health Sciences Authority, Singapore (“HSA”). In TMPL we maintain a list of 

approved drugs (the “Drug Formulary”) to be used in the hospital. An annual review of the Drug Formulary is performed by 

the Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee to ensure all matters related to the use of medications in the hospital, including 

the development and maintenance of the formulary is safe and effective. All vendors supplying our pharmaceuticals are subject 

to stringent vendor evaluation in accordance with our Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”). The vendors must be reliable, 

reputable, with valid business and other relevant licenses. All medications are stored as per manufacturer recommendations, 

with consideration given to temperature requirements.

Our Biomedical Engineering Department oversees the procurement of all medical equipment used in the hospital. We have a 

strict SOP in place to review the procurement of medical equipment which include selection, commissioning, inspection, testing 

and maintenance of equipment used. All of our medical equipment and systems used in the patient care must be approved by 

the relevant authorities to ensure they are operational, safe and properly configured and maintained.

For the reporting period, there were zero incidents of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety impact of our products and service. We target to continue to be fully compliant with these regulations and 

voluntary codes for FY2022.

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





20

HEALTH AND SAFETY




Occupational Health and Safety

Recognising that healthcare employees, patients, partners, and visitors might 

be exposed to a wide array of work related, health and safety (“WSH”) risks, 

we developed the workplace, health and safety framework, which includes the 

WSH Policy, Planning, Implementation and Operation, Checking and Corrective 

Actions, Management Review and Continual Improvement. We aligned the WSH 

framework with the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, ISO 45001 

Occupational Health and Safety System and Workplace Safety and Health Act.

Our Workplace Safety and Health Committee (“WSH Committee”), which meets 

on a monthly basis, is responsible for the overall management of employees, 

partners and visitors’ safety in the hospital. Some of the key responsibilities are as 

follows:

• establish written safety rules to ensure adherence by employees and 

stakeholders, including contractors, vendors and partners whilst performing 

their work at the hospital;

• compliance with legal requirements through audits and inspections, make 

recommendation for improvements and establish training frameworks; and

• provides an oversight for continuous improvement activities identified in the 

required and desired measures.

We have established an Environment, Health and Safety Management (“EHS”) 

sub-committee to oversee a variety of occupational safety and health related 

areas, including fire safety and emergency preparedness. The EHS sub-committee 

is made up of representatives from the Environmental Management team. The 

team reviews existing procedures and processes to minimise and mitigate potential 

hazards and risks and has carried out periodic inspections such as the inspection of 

cooling towers and pest control schedules on a weekly basis, and conducts indoor 

air quality assessments once every three years.

The Infection Control Manager (“ICM”) oversees matters pertaining to the 

management of sharps, needle stick injury and exposure to body fluids, hospital 

associated infections and others. The ICM conducts root cause analysis of these 

incidents and implements control measures to mitigate potential risks and future 

occurrences. Regular on-the-job training on handling of sharps, body fluid spill 

management and drills were conducted for all new nurses and refresher programme 

for current nurses.

We conduct regular health and safety awareness programmes, trainings and 

campaigns for our employees to ensure they are up to-date with the latest 

procedures and developments. Some programmes carried out this year are:

• Mental wellness webinars

• Ergonomics awareness

• Fire safety trainings

• Health and safety risk assessment exercise

• Emergency preparedness and response, including fire drills























SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







21

HEALTH AND SAFETY




Incident Reporting

Our hospital is responsible for the safety of all individuals who utilise our facilities and operate within our premises. To 

uphold these safety standards, we have put in place a robust system to recognise, report, investigate and respond to incident 

occurrences.

We have established a Hospital Occurrence Reporting that guides our employees on the approach towards recognition, 

reporting, investigation and root cause analysis, serious reportable events and near miss events involving patients, visitors, 

employees and other interested parties. This incident reporting mechanism allows us to learn from the incident, develop a 

quality improvement plan and other action plans to be implemented. We ensure all our employees are aware of our incident 

reporting process through regular departmental meetings and on-the-job trainings.

Performance Results and Targets

The following table highlights our occupational health and safety performance results:

Performance results

FY2020

FY2021

Target

Number and rate of recordable work-related injuries

6

6

zero injuries

Number and rate of high-consequence work-related 

injuries

1

0

zero injuries

Number of needlestick injuries

2

3

zero injuries

We are pleased to report that there were no high consequence work-related injuries and fatalities resulting from work-related 

injuries. However, there were 6 work-related injuries resulting from falling and ergonomic hazards and 3 needlestick injuries in 

FY2021. The rate of work-related injuries is 4.40, which is a decrease from the 12-month FY2020 injuries rate of 4.49. There 

were no work-related injuries for workers who are not employees during FY2021. We will continue to provide training and 

conduct audits on safe handling and disposal of sharp needles.

Our Response to COVID-19

COVID-19 management

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, infection control is at the forefront of what we do. We have in place an 

Emergency Preparedness Plan for Disease Outbreak as part of the Hospital Administrative Policy to provide various measures 

and operational actions that need to be undertaken to prevent infectious disease transmission in the hospital. We have also 

established a COVID-19 Advisory Committee comprising specialists in Infectious Diseases, Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology, Paediatric 

Medicine and members of our Senior Management and Medical Advisory Board to provide professional input into our emergency 

preparedness responses and clinical policies.

An annual Infection Prevention and Control training for all staff was conducted to ensure our staff have up-to-date comprehensive 

working skills necessary for the practice of infection control and epidemiology. In addition, we have carried out a biannual 

Infection Control and Control Standards Audit where every department in the hospital was audited using the National Infection 

Control and Prevention Standards by our internal auditors.

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





22

HEALTH AND SAFETY




COVID-19 training

Other than the emergency preparations as described above, we have also carried out a variety of training programmes to 

prepare our staff in dealing and managing with the impact of COVID-19. We also provide ongoing COVID-19 tests for all our 

employees and partners which enables us to react in a timely manner should they be tested positive.

Some of the training and awareness programmes on COVID-19 made available to our employees are as follows:–

• Guidance on the use of PPE, including N95 mask fitting and usage training

• Protocol for providing COVID-19 test services to our patients

• Latest updates to the pandemic and safety measures to be adhered to at our facilities

• Employee health surveillance system via our 24-hour walk-in clinic where employees who report sick are assessed and 

treated by resident physicians

• COVID-19 swab and Polymerise Chain Reaction (“PCR”) tests to all employees who display acute respiratory infection 

symptoms.

We continue to uphold these stringent measures at our hospital and clinics through provision of Personal Protective Equipment 

(“PPE”) for patients and employees, regulating entrance access at the hospital, segregating the clinical management of at-risk 

persons in external facilities, safe distancing measures, safe entry check-in procedures for visitors, rigorous contact tracing for 

COVID-19 positive cases and provision of hand-sanitisers at our facilities.

We will continue to comply with Ministry of Health’s (“MOH”) regulations and directives to ensure the safety of our patients 

and their families, employees and partners.









SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







23

HEALTH AND SAFETY




Our Approach

At TMPL, we believe in continuous learning and improvement as it not only enhances 

the growth of the Group, but also aids in the personal and professional development 

of our employees. Our training policy strives to develop staff members’ work potential 

and ability. An annual training and development needs analysis is conducted for all staff 

with an aim to identify their competency level and training needs. The Human Resource 

Department and Nursing Administration Department are responsible for nursing staff 

training-related matters.

For our front-line and middle managers, senior leadership recognises that they are the 

glue to connect our business’ strategic priorities with tactical initiatives and hence, 

are essential to our organisational success. Notwithstanding the technical knowledge 

and expertise, they need to master people skills which are crucial to their roles such as 

leadership, communications, problem solving, teamwork, developing and coaching their 

employees.

We provide general trainings, competency-based trainings and specialty trainings to 

employees according to their roles. For example, our front office service staff are provided 

with service trainings, while our support staff in departments such as operations and 

finance undergo technical skills upgrades and attend relevant seminars and conferences.

Nurses Development

Nurses form a significant portion of our staff strength and they are the backbone of 

TMPL’s patient-centric and compassionate healthcare service. Hence, it is vital for us to 

provide our nurses with adequate training for their professional development and to 

ensure optimised healthcare experience for patients.

We are committed to nurturing our nurses with various programmes to enable them 

to achieve professional and personal aspirations. This includes allowing them to work 

in specialised areas while advancing post-basic certification programmes. Wherever 

possible, nurses are also rotated to other departments or specialities to widen their 

competency levels. We offer education scholarships and tertiary education programmes 

for upskilling such as Advanced Diploma courses and short professional development 

courses such as, basic counselling course, Basic Cardiac Life Support (BCLS) instructor 

course, neonatal resuscitation course, Microsoft courses, electrocardiogram course (ECG) 

for intensive care nurses and wound care course.

In TMPL, we also place great emphasis on coaching and mentorship. We have a Preceptor 

Training Program designed to equip our nurses with the skills and knowledge to induct 

and precept newly recruited nurses. As a preceptor, our nurses play a pivotal role in 

supporting the transition of newly hired staff into practice settings by guiding and role 

modelling their knowledge, skills and practice to increase confidence. In addition, to 

prepare our leadership pipeline, the nurses will also be trained and nurtured to take on 

new leadership roles based on their career progress.

GRI 404: Training and Education



















THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





24

EMPLOYEES




We are committed to the efficiency and productivity of our nurses and as such 

we have launched an e-learning platform to integrate the training needs for our 

nurses during the year. This tool allows our nurses to access and read on a wide 

range of topics such as blood transfusion, medication calculations, pharmacology 

on high alert medications and management of drug allergy on the go. Health and

wellness videos, such as ergonomic training are made available on this platform 

as well.

Due to COVID-19 restrictions and increased operational pressures in responding to 

the pandemic, we have moved most of our on-site structured training activities to 

virtual platforms. Some of the online training conducted are as follows:

• Monthly Nursing Incidence Sharing Sessions on clinical or service incidences

• Online Nursing Induction Programs

• Online Breastfeeding Course

• Basic CTG Course

• Managing Code Blue Situation for EN

• ZOLL (Defibrillator) training

• Basic Cardiac Life Support

• Automated External Defibrillator theory

Other training and development programmes

Other internal training and development programmes on various topics conducted during the reporting period are as follows:

Training Programme

Participation

Company-wide key training programs

General orientation

All new employees

Fire drill and fire safety security talks and tabletop 

exercise

Hospital employees

Control and compliance

SOPs refresher (ePR and other SOP updates)

All Managers

PDPA briefing and compliance

All executives and above

Internal audit control sharing session

Head of department

Cybersecurity awareness and policy briefings

All employees

Quality training programs

Quality improvement toolkit

Nursing (Managers &amp; Clinicians)

Non-Nursing (Executives and above)

Internal auditors training

Selected Employees appointed as Internal Auditors

Service training programs

Thomson Touch

All employees

Management information briefing

Training on Microsoft Teams

All employees

Process digitalisation briefing (eClaims, ePO)

All employees







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







25

EMPLOYEES






 Senior management level 



 Middle management level   

 Executive level



 &lt; 30 years old 



 30 - 50 years old        

 &gt;50 years old



 Male        



 Female











Employee

Distribution by

Gender

FY2021 

12%

FY2020 

89%

FY2020 

11%

FY2021 

88%











Employee

Distribution

by Age

FY2021 

17%

FY2020 

54%

FY2020, 

15%

FY2021 

53%

FY2020 

31%

FY2021 

30%

Performance Results and Targets

The average training hours for our nursing staff were lower compared to the target as some of the scheduled in-person training 

had been deferred due to COVID-19 restrictions. Nonetheless on-the-job training will continue to be the key focus and will be 

carried out throughout the year. In addition, we will be conducting modular online training sessions for our nursing staff to 

ensure their professional and career development target is achieved.

We continue to encourage continuous learning for the professional development of our staff and for FY2022, we aim to meet 

the target training hours for both nursing and non-nursing staff.

FY2020

FY2021

Target

Average training hours for nursing employees

24 hours

31 hours

40 hours

Average training hours for non-nursing employees

2 hours

2 hours

To complete key training 

programs annually

Diversity and Inclusion

A diverse workforce and long-serving employees contribute to the quality of the services that TMPL provides, hence promoting 

business growth. We endeavour to attract and recruit skilled and motivated individuals to join our team and provide good work-

life balance, opportunities for professional growth and fair compensation and benefits. It is common for female employees to 

make up a larger proportion of the workforce in the healthcare industry, especially so when the nature of our business focuses 

on women’s and children’s healthcare. When compared to FY2020, there has been no shift in the distribution of female and 

male employees.

We embrace fair employment practices which ensures that anyone we hire is based purely on their qualifications and merits 

and all employees have equal opportunities in their careers with us.

As we serve our patients and families who come from diverse backgrounds and abilities, it is essential that our workforce 

reflects such diversity. Our workforce composition has 17% (FY2020: 15%) who are less than 30 years old, 53% (FY2020: 

54%) between the ages of 30 to 50 years, and 30% (FY2020: 31%) above 50 years old. We continue to retain a significant 

portion of our employees above 50 years old as we appreciate the value and experience they bring to TMPL. TMPL’s diversity of 

employees by gender and age remained consistent compared to the previous reporting period.

We maintained fairly consistent rates of new hires and employee turnover with the average monthly new hire rate during the 

reporting period at 1.3% (FY2020: 1.6%) and monthly employee turnover rate at 1.5% (FY2020: 1.6%).











Employee

Distribution by

Category

FY2021

1%

FY2021

13%

FY2020

1%

FY2020

12%

FY2020

87%

FY2021

86%

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





26

EMPLOYEES




Employee wellness and benefits

We value our employees as their hard work, perseverance and dedication contributes 

to our success in the healthcare industry. As it is important that we recognise and 

show appreciation, TMPL aims to provide a work environment that is safe and 

conducive for every employee.

Employee benefits

Each year we provide free basic health screening and seasonal influenza vaccinations 

for all employees. In line with the Ministry of Social and Family Development’s 

guidelines, our employees are eligible for parental leave, maternity leave, paternity 

leave and childcare leave. Some of our other employee benefits include medical 

and dental consultation and/or treatment reimbursement, insurance coverage, 

hospitalisation benefits and long service award.

Employee engagement

We encourage employees to interact with each other and with management, by 

organising a range of employee engagement activities. We recognise the significant 

impact a healthy and positive place of work can have on an individual. Despite the 

pandemic, we were able to bring cheer to the work environment, by celebrating 

Nurses’ Day and decorating for the festive seasons.

COVID-19 Pandemic

It has been a year since we first reported about our initial responses to the COVID-19 

pandemic. Since then, our employees have experienced and overcome a number 

of challenges and continue to do their best in these difficult times. We allowed our 

staff to work from home since the beginning of the pandemic to ensure the safety 

and health of our people. Departments that were not directly supporting hospital 

operations were ordered to work from home while others segregated their staff 

into teams to take turns working in the office where necessary.

Employees who had symptoms of viral infection were advised to seek 

immediate medical treatment and to work from home while waiting for 

their test results. We will continue to follow MOH guidelines and ensure the 

safety of our employees by providing sufficient PPE, enforcing strict SOPs, 

reviewing our Return-to-Work guidelines from time to time to comply with 

MOH guidelines, and conducting regular COVID-testing for all employees.

At the beginning of January 2021, we kick-started the vaccination programme 

for our staff. As at 30 June 2021, we have vaccinated 90% of all hospital 

frontline staff and achieved 100% vaccination of staff working in critical areas 

such as the operating theatre.



















SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







27

EMPLOYEES




Our Approach

We are committed to achieving a balance between reducing our environmental impact and providing quality healthcare services.

With climate change and a rapidly growing population, the demand for environmental sustainability has increased, and with 

that in mind, we have included the following topics in this report to communicate our approach towards mitigating our impact 

on the environment:

• Energy

• Water

• Waste Management and Compliance

Hospital operations are generally energy and water-intensive as the buildings 

tend to be large and outfitted with high energy intensive equipment such 

as medical equipment and high-energy HVAC systems that help to maintain 

adequate ventilation and regulate proper temperature of the whole hospital 

building. HVAC is the main contributor to high energy consumption in our 

hospital.

We are subject to various regulatory requirements that we need to comply 

with. In our commitment to deliver environmentally sustainable outcomes 

and improvement in conservation initiatives, we integrate these regulatory 

requirements into our internal policies formulated in line with ISO 14001 

Environmental Management System standards.

To instill awareness on environmental conservation and encourage good 

workplace practices, we continuously engage our employees through 

environmental awareness emails and posters and have placed recycling bins 

around our premises. In addition, as part of our effort to raise awareness of 

adopting more efficient use of resources and reduction of waste, we have 

updated our email footer to include two ‘green’ messages on reducing paper 

usage, and conserving energy and water.

GRI 302: Energy

GRI 303: Water

GRI 306, 307: Waste Management and Compliance







THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





28

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT




Energy Management

It is essential that our medical facilities remain open to serve our patients and this translates to higher energy intensity as we 

consume energy for medical equipment and facilities management.

In September 2020, TMPL received the Green Mark certification awarded by the Building &amp; Construction Authority of Singapore. 

This is testament to our commitment towards managing our impact on the environment. As a Green Mark certified building, we 

are continually assessed for energy efficiency, water efficiency, sustainable operations and management, indoor environment 

quality and other green features.

We continue to drive eco-efficiency programs such as efficient energy consumption by fitting variable speed drives in the 

chillers and air handling units in the hospital. In addition, we have begun progressive replacement of all lightings at the hospital 

with LED lighting. As at the end of the reporting period, we have successfully replaced 70% of our lightings and we target to 

complete this in FY2022.

Water Management

Clean water is the most important natural resource on Earth, and it is our duty to save clean water for generations to come. 

Supply of safe and clean water is crucial for the functioning of our medical facilities and it is important that we consume this 

resource responsibly in our business operations.

In FY2021, TMPL has also completed and installed low pressure water systems and employed high water-efficient labelled 

products in all public toilets. These include covering taps, dual flush low-capacity flushing cisterns, urinals, and flush valves.

Waste Management

Our healthcare services generally produce general and hazardous waste and we 

believe that professional, safe waste disposal is important in maintaining the  

hygiene and sterility of our medical facilities.

Waste handling is highly regulated by the Health Sciences Authority and National 

Environmental Agency. We have clear internal policies and guidelines for the 

proper disposal of bio-hazard waste, cytotoxic waste and general waste, such 

as procedures on segregation and containment, sanitisation and sterilisation, 

and safe handling of hazardous waste to safeguard our employees and patients 

from the risk of injury and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements for 

proper disposal of waste.

Our other waste management practices are as follows:–

• Colour-coded bin liners or waste bags to ensure proper segregation and 

disposal of waste

• Periodic audits carried out on biohazard waste disposal

• Training for employees on proper handling of waste segregation and disposal 

methods

• Disposal of waste by approved contractors













SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







29

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT




Performance Results and Targets

Performance results

FY2020

FY2021

Target

Electricity consumption index 

(kWh/patient-day1)

86.05

87.33

86.05 kwh/patient-day

Water consumption index 

(m3/patient-day)

0.84

0.76

0.84 m3/patient-day

Biohazard waste index 

(L/patient-day)

7.85

7.19

7.85 litre/patient-day

Non-hazardous general waste index 

(kg/patient-day)

12.14

7.54

7.54 kg/patient-day

In the previous year, we have set ourselves a target based on FY2020 results. For the non-hazardous general waste index, there 

was a change in the collection and weigh-in methods used by the licensed general waste collector during the year. The change 

has resulted in a decrease in the index in FY2021. As the current method in waste collection will be used going forward, we 

have set ourselves a baseline target for non-hazardous general waste based on FY2021 results instead.

In FY2021, we were able to achieve our target of limiting the increase to not more than 5% of the target and will continue to 

do so for FY2022.

During FY2021, there were no non-compliance incidents with relevant regulations issued by Health Sciences Authority and 

National Environmental Agency, which resulted in monetary fines or non-monetary sanctions. We aim to continue with zero 

non-compliance incidents concerning these regulations for FY2022.









1 

the care of one patient during a day of service, excluding the day of discharge.

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





30

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT




Our Approach

Our Group’s sustainability and growth are anchored on high standards of corporate 

governance and a set of strong corporate values which encompasses our core values 

I.C.A.R.E. These provide us the moral direction in how we treat our employees, 

customers, vendors and other stakeholders.

A strong system of compliance monitoring is critical to ensure that we adhere to the 

laws and regulations that govern our operations. All internal policies, standards, and 

procedures that we have to abide by help us to manage the risks our organisation faces, 

prevent improprieties, promote accountability and improve operational efficiencies.

We have compliance management systems set up to align with local regulatory 

requirements and international standards such as but not limited to Health 

Sciences Authority’s regulations, ISO 9001: Quality Management Systems, ISO 14001: 

Environmental Management Systems and ISO 45001: Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

standards and National Infection Prevention and Control Standards.

We have subscribed to an electronic legal flash weekly update on the latest regulations and quarterly customised reports from 

a third party service provider. These reports are shared with all the heads of departments and uploaded on to the intranet. This 

enables us to keep ourselves updated and ensure that our policies, procedures, and practices comply with latest ISO Standards, 

Workplace Health and Safety Act, Licensing Regulations and other laws and regulation requirements.

Our compliance management systems are led by the Board of Directors who is responsible for the management and reporting 

of compliance matters and improvement initiatives. Our Board of Directors is supported by the Audit and Risk Committee, 

Compliance Team and the Medical Advisory Board.

To further strengthen the Group’s corporate governance and compliance functions, we appointed a Chief Risk and Compliance 

Officer (“CRCO”) to oversee and lead the compliance activities and initiatives of the Group. The appointment of the CRCO 

underscores the importance that the Group places on driving a culture of compliance and integrity. Our CRCO supports the 

Group’s corporate governance by reporting to the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Audit and Risk Committee of our 

Board of Directors on a regular basis and more frequently as needed.

Code of Conduct and Ethics

The TMG’s Code of Conduct and Ethics spells out the appropriate tone-from-the top, desired organisational culture, and 

ensures proper accountability within the Group. Our Directors and all employees declare their personal or business interests 

which may directly or indirectly conflict, or appear to conflict, with the interests of TMG on an annual basis, or when a potential 

conflict of interest arise.

To instill our zero-tolerance for improprieties including abuse of position, bribery and corruption, our employees undergo 

regular trainings and updates on codes of conduct, conflict of interest, and the corporate values that emphasise the key 

precepts of ethics and integrity.

There were no reported incidents of violations related to fraud, bribery or corruption and we will strive to maintain this for the 

coming year.

For detailed corporate governance policies, processes and practices adopted by TMG, please refer to the Corporate Governance 

Report in our Annual Report for FY2021.

GRI 103: Management Approach – Compliance with Laws and Regulations







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







31

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS




Whistleblowing Policy

To foster a workplace that is conducive to open communication and transparency 

regarding our business practices, there is a whistleblowing process in place for 

employees and stakeholders to raise, in confidence and without fear of reprisal, 

possible improprieties or misconducts in all matters relating to our operation 

and conduct of business.

The policy is made available on our intranet and employee handbook for internal 

reference, and on our corporate website for our stakeholders’ reference. To 

protect the whistleblower from unlawful retaliation and discrimination the 

whistleblower’s identity and concerns raised are kept confidential unless 

required by law to be revealed to the appropriate parties. All instances of 

whistleblowing are reported to the Whistleblowing Committee and the Audit 

and Risk Committee, or to the Chairman of the Board, if a member of the 

Whistleblowing Committee is being reported on. All cases will be investigated 

independently by an investigative committee to be convened as directed by the 

Whistleblowing Committee.

The Whistleblowing Policy is reviewed regularly to ensure it is effective and 

remains relevant.

Patient Privacy and Confidentiality

As the Thomson Medical Group continues its digital transformation with greater reliance now placed on our digitalised systems 

and processes, a robust security structure is critical to the protection of our infrastructure, systems and data. Cybercrimes and 

the ever-changing technology landscape both place great and growing challenges on the organisation. IT security policies and 

standards are in place to ensure a comprehensive and systematic approach towards the IT security management of the Group 

and the Group’s clinics’ IT systems to meet the confidentiality, data integrity and protection requirements of the Group against 

cyber-attacks.

The privacy and security of personal data and medical information is of paramount importance to the Group, and it is our 

responsibility to ensure that all information collected from our stakeholders, including patients’ medical data, through the 

course of our business activities, are protected from misuse or compromise.

We are committed to the protection of the personal data of our stakeholders by subscribing to the personal data protection 

principles under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) and other laws and regulations that govern the conduct of 

our business for example the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act, the Singapore Medical Council Ethical Code and Ethical 

Guidelines and the Infectious Diseases Act.

Policies on the protection of personal data and other confidential information are reviewed regularly and periodic audits are 

conducted on our IT infrastructure and systems to ensure that our systems and procedures continue to be robust.

We ensure that our employees are kept up-to-date on compliance with data privacy laws:

• 

Established procedures in place to review and ensure actions are taken to rectify any observations noted.

• 

Regular learning sessions and quarterly reviews on areas of improvement points

• 

Compliance is also included as a major component of the key performance indicators

• 

Regular training sessions and updates on policies.

• 

Security awareness and policy briefings were conducted for all employees

• 

Regular alerts and security awareness through classroom sessions, where possible, audio-video presentations, emails 

and updates on our intranet.

• 

Periodic cybersecurity assessments and email phishing tests

In FY2021, there was an incident involving an alleged data breach which is still under investigation. We have put in place 

additional safeguards and measures to strengthen our PDPA compliance. We will also strive to achieve zero material security 

and data protection breaches for the Group in FY2022.







THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





32

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS




Providing accessibility to healthcare and upholding the spirit of giving back is deeply entrenched 

in our core values and corporate culture. We believe that building strong relationships and 

providing information and education to the community supports human well-being and 

promotes equal access to information which is crucial to sustainable development.

In FY2021, we have partnered with multiple organisations that are committed to improving 

the lives of women and children and held various events for the community.

PUBLIC EVENTS AND WEBINARS FOR MOTHERS-TO-BE

We have organised 6 webinars and 2 mini events since August 2020 and we have reached 

out to over 1,500 participants.

• 

Pregnancy Webinar: My Pregnancy My Way

• 

Pregnancy Webinar: Pregnancy Journey with Parents-to-be

• 

Pregnancy Webinar: Pregnancy Made Easy

• 

Paediatric Health Webinar: Growing Up: Our Children’s Health Journey

• 

Women’s Health Webinar: Ladies Talk: Living Well in Body and Mind

• 

Mini Pregnancy Events at TMC: Thomson Mummy’s Bundle: 1-to-1 Introductory Sessions

The aim of these webinars is to educate mothers-to-be with knowledge from renowned obstetricians, paediatricians, traditional 

Chinese medicine physicians and Parentcraft specialists. Participants only pay a nominal fee to learn about parenting, fertility, 

pregnancy, confinement, baby care and children’s health.

PARTNERS

To raise awareness and enhance knowledge about our expanded suite of healthcare services for women’s health, Thomson 

Breast Centre, Thomson Surgical Centre, and Thomson 24-Hr Family Clinic partnered with various organisations such as Great 

Eastern, AVIVA, 365 Cancer Prevention Society and ICON cancer centre to run 7 webinars.

Our experts reached out to almost 1,000 participants and discussed a broad range of topics ranging from breast cancer, cervical 

cancer, urinary incontinence and vaccinations for COVID-19.

CHILDHOOD MYOPIA

Myopia affects approximately 2.6 billion people, or one-third of the 

world’s population, and is set to double by 2050. Singapore, the 

“Myopia Capital of the World”, has one of the highest prevalence of 

myopia in the world, with 65 per cent of our children being myopic by 

Primary 6, and 83 per cent of young adults being myopic.

To raise awareness of childhood myopia and innovative management 

approaches that can be adopted by parents, TMPL through Thomson X 

brought together experts in paediatric ophthalmology from Eagle Eye 

Centre and its technology partner, Plano, to organise a complimentary 

webinar “Managing Childhood Myopia – Protecting The Vision Of Our 

Future” specially curated for parents to protect kids from childhood 

myopia and further complications in their growing stages.

The webinar touched on areas such as patterns and determinants that involve myopia in Asia and Singapore, the complications 

involved, contributing lifestyle factors, and the latest in advances to halt the progression of myopia and other treatment options.

The webinar also explored how besides education and awareness, technological solutions itself may provide the answer to help 

children develop a balanced and healthy relationship with their digital devices from an early age. This will ultimately protect 

them from developing myopia-related blindness later in life.









SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







33

COMMUNITIES




SPONSORING FERTILITY HEALTH SCREENINGS 

This year, TFC supported the campaign by sponsoring fertility health screenings worth 

$60,000 to 150 couples. Since 2016, we have offered 150 free fertility screenings to 

couples every year, each worth $400.

THOMSON IVF CONFERENCE 2021 

As the demand for IVF services continues to grow, due to societal trends such as delayed 

childbearing, increased stress and infertility, it is imperative for obstetricians, gynaecologists 

and fertility specialists to embrace a holistic approach towards fertility treatments and 

interventions from an innovation and clinical science standpoint. In support of this, 

we organised the first virtual Thomson IVF Conference 2021 on 14 June 2021. Hosted 

by Dr. Navdeep Singh, Medical Director of TMC Fertility &amp; Women’s Specialist Centre 

(Malaysia), the conference featured fertility experts from Thomson Fertility Centre 

(Singapore), Thomson Hospitals Sdn Bhd (Malaysia), and IVIRMA (Spain), who touched 

on various aspects of assisted reproductive technology and how it is driving change in the 

reproductive health space and improving healthcare outcomes for women globally.

















THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





34

COMMUNITIES




GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference and Remarks

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Thomson Medical Group Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About Thomson Medical Group 

Limited, Page 3

102-3

Location of headquarters

About Thomson Medical Group 

Limited, Page 3

102-4

Location of operations

About Thomson Medical Group 

Limited, Page 3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Thomson Medical Group Limited 

2021 Annual Report

102-6

Markets served

About Thomson Medical Group 

Limited, Page 3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Thomson Medical Group 

Limited, Page 3

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Employees, Page 24 to 27

102-9

Supply chain

The organisation’s supply chain 

consists of sourcing, evaluating, 

purchasing, storage and distribution 

of pharmaceutical supplies, drugs, 

medical devices, equipment and 

personal products, as well as clinical 

services such as laboratory and 

radiology services. Products under 

the house brand are produced and 

packaged locally in order to support 

local suppliers.

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

We do not explicitly refer to the

precautionary approach or 

principle in our risk management 

framework. We seek to contribute 

to society through responsible 

profit generation and actions 

taken to minimise activities which 

result in negative impact on the 

environment or our stakeholders, 

which ties in with our core values 

I.C.A.R.E.

Please also refer to page 19 on 

quality and patient safety, pages 

28 to 30 on environmental 

management and pages 27 to 

46 in our Annual Report on our 

corporate governance structure and 

strategies.

102-12

External initiatives

UNSDG and IPSG

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







35

GRI CONTENT INDEX




GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference and Remarks

102-13

Membership of associations

TMPL is a member of:

• Sale of Infant Foods Ethics 

Committee Singapore 

(“SIFECS”)

• Reproductive Technology 

Accreditation Committee 

(“RTAC”)

• Singapore National Employer 

Federation (“SNEF”)

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Board Statement, Page 7

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Governance and Sustainability 

Approach, Page 8 to 10

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Governance and Sustainability 

Approach, Page 8 to 10

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 

to 12

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 

to 12

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 

to 12

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 11 

to 12

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Notes to Financial Statements 2021 

Annual Report

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About the Report, Page 2

102-47

List of material topics

Topics and UNSDG, Page 13

102-48

Restatements of information

Not Applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

FY2021

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About the Report, Page 2

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About the Report, Page 2

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, Page 35 to 38

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





36

GRI CONTENT INDEX




GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference and Remarks

102-56

External assurance

No external assurance has been 

sought for this report. We will 

review the need for an external 

assurance in the future.

MATERIAL TOPICS

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and the boundary

Topics and UNSDG, Page 3

Economic Performance

103-2

The management approach and its components

Thomson Medical Group Limited 

2021 Annual Report

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Patient Satisfaction

103-2

The management approach and its components

Patient Satisfaction, Page 14 to 17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Health and Safety

103-2

The management approach and its components

Health and Safety, Page 18 to 23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts 

of products and services

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

403-3

Occupational health services

403-4

Worker 

participation, 

consultation, 

and 

communication 

on 

occupational health and safety

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

403-6

Promotion of worker health

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships

403-9

Work-related injuries

Employees – Training and Education

103-2

The management approach and its components

Employees, Pg 24 – 27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employees

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021







37

GRI CONTENT INDEX




GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference and Remarks

Environmental Management

103-2

The management approach and its components

Environmental Management,

Page 28 to 30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

302-3

Energy intensity

303-5

Water consumption

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

103-2

The management approach and its components

Compliance with  Laws and 

Regulations, Page 31 to 33

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP





38

GRI CONTENT INDEX





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































(Reg. No 199908381D)

THOMSON MEDICAL GROUP LIMITED

101 Thomson Road #20-04/05 United Square

Singapore 307591

Tel: (65) 6331 0188  Fax: (65) 6331 0180

www.thomsonmedical.com

















































