




 



 



 

 






2 |  P a g e  

 

 



 

Contents 

Chairman’s Statement ................................................................................................... 3 

Company Profile ........................................................................................................... 5 

Sustainable Development Philosophy of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical .................................. 9 

Compliance Operation ................................................................................................. 12 

Sustainability Management Structure and Board Statement ............................................. 20 

Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................................. 21 

Basis of Preparation of the Report ................................................................................ 22 

Customer Health and Safety ......................................................................................... 23 

Quality Management ................................................................................................ 24 

Marketing and Labelling .......................................................................................... 26 

Supplier Management .............................................................................................. 27 

Product Safety Objectives and Compliance ................................................................ 29 

Technology Research and Development ........................................................................ 30 

Continuous Innovation ............................................................................................. 32 

Caring for Employees .................................................................................................. 37 

Occupational Health and Safety ................................................................................ 37 

Employee Diversity ................................................................................................. 38 

Employee Benefits................................................................................................... 39 

Growth of Employees and the Company .................................................................... 40 

Employment Objective and Labor Compliance ........................................................... 41 

Environmental Awareness ........................................................................................... 42 

Carbon Management ................................................................................................ 42 

Management of Volatile Organic Compounds ............................................................ 45 

Water Management .................................................................................................. 46 

Effluent and Waste Management ............................................................................... 46 

Environmental Objectives and Compliance ................................................................ 48 

Corporate Social Responsibilities ................................................................................. 49 

Giving Back to Society ............................................................................................ 49 

SGX Five Composition Indices .................................................................................... 51 

GRI Standards Content Index ....................................................................................... 51 

 


3 |  P a g e  

 

 



Chairman’s Statement 

This report is the sustainability report of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation 

Limited (“Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical”, the “Group”, the “Company”, “we” or “us”).  

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical remains 

committed to the cause of human 

health. The Company is firmly 

adhering 

to 

the 

strategic 

positioning of being the “promoter 

of a sound China, guardian of 

national health and leader in 

scientific Chinese medicine”. We 

regularly 

review 

our 

internal 

policies 

and 

manufacturing 

practices, continue to promote 

product research and development 

and process improvement, and 

conduct business activities in strict 

compliance with national and 

industry regulations on marketing, 

labelling and advertising to ensure 

the safety and efficacy of our drugs. 

The Company actively establishes 

and deepens the awareness of 

social 

responsibility 

and 

the 

concept 

of 

sustainable 

development, 

and 

takes 

into 

account 

the 

expectations 

of 

stakeholders 

and 

long-term 

planning of sustainable development. In the process of production and sales of products, the 

Company strictly abides by the industrial regulations and moral values of the countries and 

regions its business operates, upholds social morality and business ethics, actively implements 

the concept of green development, and practically integrates social responsibility and the 

concept of sustainable development into the daily operations of the Company. 

In 2020, the Company took the “Double Hundred Action” reform as an opportunity to 

strengthen market-oriented reform, formulated 13 comprehensive reform measures, and 

vigorously implemented innovation-driven development. On the industrial front, our 

production units focused on improving quality and efficiency in response to the policy changes 

in the pharmaceutical industry. On the commercial front, our sales units strengthened market 

expansion to boost the healthy and sustainable development of the Company. Facing the 

challenges of the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (the “COVID-19”), the Company strictly 

implemented the anti-epidemic policies and gave priority to safeguarding the health and safety 








4 |  P a g e  

 

 



of employees. Under the dedicated coordination of the local governments, all units resumed 

work and production in an orderly manner, and managed to improve inventory, ensure supply, 

support the fight against the epidemic to effectively implement stability on the six fronts 

(employment, financial operations, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic investment, and 

expectations) and security in the six areas (job, basic living needs, operations of market entities, 

food and energy security, stable industrial and supply chains, and the normal functioning of 

primary-level governments). 

Thank you for your attention and support to Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. 

 

 

Li Liqun 

Chairman 

 


5 |  P a g e  

 

 



Company Profile 

 

Boasting a longstanding history, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical is a national high- and new-tech 

enterprise featuring innovation in Chinese traditional medicine. The Company was listed in 

Singapore and Shanghai in 1997 and 2001, respectively, and is headquartered in the Peoples’ 

Republic of China (the “PRC”). 

With green Chinese traditional medicine as its core 

business, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical is equipped with a 

complete industry chain, product chain and talent chain 

integrating production, management and scientific research. 

Its business covers a number of areas including research and 

development (the “R&amp;D”) and manufacturing of Chinese 

herbal medicines, proprietary Chinese medicines, chemical 

raw materials and preparations, nutritional and health 

products, as well as pharmaceutical commerce. 

The Company has 38 branch companies (under direct management), 15 wholly-owned and 

holding companies and seven investees. Its two major business segments, Chinese traditional 

medicine manufacturing and pharmaceutical commerce, are complementary to each other, 

laying a solid foundation for the steady development of the Company. 

Upholding the development philosophy of “inheriting the 

essence of Chinese traditional medicine development and 

caring for healthy and quality life” and the corporate spirit 

of “inheritance and innovation”, the Company is devoted to 

innovative R&amp;D and manufacturing of general-purpose, 

good-quality, high-efficacy and quick-acting medicines 

with innovation in Chinese traditional medicine playing a 

commanding role in its business development ideas. The 

Company’s main products cover several major categories, 

including cardio-neurology, respiratory medicine, gastroenterology, paediatrics, obstetrics, 

ophthalmology &amp; otorhinolaryngology and oncology. The Company has obtained certificates 

of approval for 499 medicines belonging to 18 types of preparations. Two of which are China’s 

treasure-class Chinese traditional medicines. Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸) which was 

invented by Professor Zhang Chengui, senior consultant of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical and 

honorary director of its technology centers as well as a famous expert in Chinese medicine 

preparations in China is a national classified variety. In addition, Jing Wan Hong (京万红) is 

a national classified variety. The Company has five product varieties being Chinese medicines 

protected by the State (namely Shunaoxin Di Wan (舒脑欣滴丸), Zhike Chuanbei Pipa Di 

Wan (治咳川贝枇杷滴丸), Ya Tong Ting Di Wan (牙痛停滴丸), Tongmai Yangxin Wan (通

脉养心丸) and Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片)), 99 product varieties being exclusively produced 

by the Company, 75 product varieties being included in the National Essential Medicine 



Logistics center of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical 



Modern Chinese traditional medicine 

industrial park of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical 


6 |  P a g e  

 

 



Catalogue, 601 product varieties being processed Chinese medicine and 216 product varieties 

being covered by national medical insurance. 

 

 

 



Selected products of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 


7 |  P a g e  

 

 



At present, the Company has one national-level enterprise 

technology 

center, 

five 

municipality-level 

enterprise 

technology 

centers, 

one 

municipality-level 

modern 

technological engineering center on Chinese medicine and a 

key enterprise laboratory as well as postdoctoral workstations 

approved by the Ministry of Personnel. It has 324 patents, 228 

of which are invention patents. It has six famous Chinese 

trademarks, namely Long Shun Rong, Da Ren Tang, Le Ren 

Tang, Jing Wan Hong, Song Bai and Bi Qi (痹祺), as well as 

four national-level and 10 Tianjin-level representative 

intangible cultural heritage projects. 

After years of practices and explorations, the Company has 

integrated and optimised the world’s most advanced Chinese 

medicine equipment and technology to form an integrated 

modern Chinese medicine development platform unique to 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. It implements the GAP, GLP, GCP, 

GMP and GSP series of standards on a full scale and carries 

out quality control throughout the process to ensure the safety 

and efficacy of its products. The Company will continue to 

explore the R&amp;D of Chinese medicine to promote the 

modernization and internationalization of Chinese medicine. 

As at 31 December 2020, the total assets of the Company 

amounted to RMB8,283 million, representing a year-on-year 

increase of 5.61%, and the net assets attributable to the parent 

amounted to RMB5,808 million, representing a year-on-year 

increase of 7.84%. In 2020, the Company recorded a total 

operating income of RMB6,604 million, representing a year-on-

year decrease of 5.58%, and the Company recorded a net profit attributable to the parent of 

RMB662 million in aggregate, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.78%. Among which, 

the Company recorded a self-operating profit of RMB625 million, representing a year-on-year 

increase of 9.04%. In general, the Company maintained steady growth momentum. 

The Company endeavored to build large variety products with focus on academic and 

professional marketing, while expanding the regional coverage and hospital coverage of 









Traditional production technique of 

Qinggong Shoutao Wan 

 by Da Ren Tang 

Production technique of 

 Jing Wan Hong  

ointment compound formula 

Production technique of 

 Wei Yao  

by Long Shun Rong  

Time-honored Chinese brands and Famous Chinese Trademarks of 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 



Angong Niuhuang Wan  

Production Technology 


8 |  P a g e  

 

 



clinical products. In addition, the Company refined and optimized the user-end markets, and 

improved the marketing quality of key products. 

In 2020, the Company recorded basic earnings per share of RMB0.86, paid national taxes of 

RMB557 million, paid employees’ wages of RMB625 million, provided benefits of RMB31 

million, made payments five insurances and two funds of RMB135 million, and provided labor 

union and education funds of RMB15 million. The Company’s social contribution per share 

calculated based on the above data and relevant formula is RMB2.62. 

For details of the Company’s overview and financial performance, please refer to the annual 

report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “FY2020”). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




9 |  P a g e  

 

 



Sustainable Development Philosophy of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Strategic positioning 

Be the promoter of a sound China, guardian of national health and leader in scientific Chinese 

medicine 

Pursuit of development 

Continue to meet users’ healthcare needs 

Sustainable development targets 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical upholds to the brand philosophy of “adhering to quality belief and 

focusing on people’s health”. On this basis, it endeavors to optimize the supply chain, simplify 

business operations, continuously improve efficiency and save resources. The Company will 

actively establish and deepen the awareness of social responsibility and the concept of 

sustainable development, and strictly abide by the laws and regulations of the countries and 

regions where it operates. The Company will continue to promote the fine tradition of the 

Chinese nation and strive to promote corporate development in harmony with social progress.  

The following summary table sets forth our sustainability targets and performance during the 

reporting period. 

Actual Performance in FY2020  

FY2020 Targets 

Performance 

To reduce energy consumption 

by 100 tons of standard coal 

The Company formulated a complete set of energy management system 

documents, regularly organized meetings to report on the use of energy, and 

strengthened the communication of energy management process and the 

monitoring of the targets; 

The Company upgraded certain production facilities and public facilities to 

improve energy efficiency; 

The Company implemented the Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical smart energy 

online monitoring platform project, and carried out automatic collection and 

reporting of energy use to achieve online monitoring of the Company over 

energy use. 

The energy saving throughout the year was 139.11 tons of standard coal. 

To continue to standardize waste 

discharge 

Wastewater is discharged after meeting the treatment standards. Hazardous 

waste  is disposed of by qualified hazardous waste treatment plants engaged 

in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. 

Environmental compliance 

No incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in 

2020 

Environmental Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Targets 

Action Plan 

To reduce energy consumption 

by 100 tons of standard coal. 

The Company will further improve the establishment of the energy 

management system, give play to the role of standardized system management 

and internal and external audit, and improve the level of energy management; 

The Company will upgrade certain equipment and facilities to improve energy 

efficiency; 

- 

The Company will improve and add the monitoring points and contents to the 

intelligent energy online monitoring platform of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

to give full play to the platform’s energy saving role. 


10 |  P a g e  

 

 



To continue to regulate 

wastewater and waste discharge 

- 

The Company will Improve emissions inspection for environmental 

pollution.and standardised waste discharge. 

Environmental compliance，No 

environmental administrative 

punishment incidents occurred 

- 

The Company will strengthen pollutant control and standardize environmental 

management 

 

Actual Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Targets 

Performance 

Zero 

incident 

of 

product 

marketing and labelling non-

compliance 

We achieved zero incident of non-compliance with respect to 

information and labelling of self-manufactured products and third-

party products; 

We achieved zero incident of non-compliance with respect to 

marketing of self-manufactured products and third-party products 

Zero incident of product safety 

non-compliance 

We achieved zero material safety incident  occurred . 

Zero 

accident 

of 

employee 

occupational health and safety 

production  

Zero accident of employee occupational health and safety production in 2020. 

Social Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Targets 

Action Plan 

Zero 

incident 

of 

product 

marketing and labelling non-

compliance 

We will continue to strictly implement the existing marketing 

management systems, standards and processes 

Zero incident of product safety 

non-compliance 

We will Strengthen the investigation and management of hidden dangers and 

safety production education and training to achieve no material safety 

accident in 2021. 

No safety production incident 

We will strengthen the investigation and management of hidden dangers and 

safety production education and training, aiming for no major safety 

production incidents in 2021. 

 

Awards received 

Given the Company’s outstanding performance in the pharmaceutical industry, the Company 

has been granted a number of prestigious awards, such as: 

• 2019 China Top 100 Pharmaceutical Industrial Enterprises (2020) 

• 2019 China Top 100 Pharmaceutical Commercial Enterprises (2020) 

• Home of National Model Workers (Company Labor Union, 2020) 

• Model 10-year Social Responsibility Special Contribution Enterprise (2020) 

• Model Tianjin Most Socially Responsible Enterprise (2020) 

• Quality Benchmark Enterprise at the 40th Anniversary National Pharmaceutical 

Industry Quality Management (QC) Group Activities (2019) 

• National Model Enterprise with Harmonious Labor Relations (No. 6 Chinese 

Medicine Plant, 2019) 

• National “High and New Technology Enterprise” 

• National “Enterprise Credit Rating AAA Enterprise” 

• Top 5 Proprietary Chinese Medicine Export Enterprises 


11 |  P a g e  

 

 



• Top 20 Most Competitive Listed Pharmaceutical Companies in China 

• ··· 

 

Industry association membership 

• China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine 

• China Association for Public Companies 

• The Listed Companies Association of Tianjin 

• ··· 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• 

 

 

 
















12 |  P a g e  

 

 



Compliance Operation 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, being the first company with a dual listing status whose S shares 

are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange and the A shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock 

Exchange, has established a corporate governance structure in strict compliance with the laws 

and regulations of the PRC and Singapore as well as the regulatory requirements of the stock 

exchanges in the PRC and Singapore. In addition to compliance with the Mandatory Provisions 

for the Articles of Association of Companies to be Listed Overseas, the Company has 

formulated the Articles of Association in accordance with the relevant domestic and overseas 

laws and regulations, and has also formulated relevant rules and regulations in accordance with 

the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and Singapore to regulate the corporate 

governance structure. In general, the current governance structure of the Company is well 

defined with clear hierarchical levels, and the actual operations are in line with the requirements 

of the domestic and overseas regulatory authorities for the improvement of corporate 

governance structure and standardized operations. 

1. Establishment of Corporate Governance Structure 

The Company has set up a corporate 

governance structure comprising the 

general meeting, the board of directors, 

the board of supervisors and the 

management, 

and 

regulates 

the 

governance strictly in accordance with 

the Articles of Association, the Rules of 

Procedure for the General Meeting of 

Shareholders, the Rules of Procedure for 

the Board of Directors, the Rules of 

Procedure for the Board of Supervisors and the Rules for the Independent Directors. The board 

of directors of the Company has established four functional committees, namely the audit 

committee, the strategy committee, the remuneration and appraisal committee and the 

nomination committee, each of which carries out its work in accordance with its responsibilities. 

The board of directors of the Company gives full play to the role of independent directors and 

focuses on protecting the legitimate rights and interests of minority shareholders. The board of 

directors of the Company has three independent directors, two of whom are Singaporean, which 

meets the requirements of the Singapore Stock Exchange on the number of independent 

directors of listed companies. Three independent directors serve as the chairman or a member 

of each of the four functional committees under the board of directors. In particular, all 

members of audit committee are independent directors of the Company. At the same time, the 

Company attaches great importance to playing the role of the board of supervisors. The board 

of supervisors is entitled to attend the Board meetings and general meetings of the Company 

 

The general meeting of shareholders 

Strategic 

committee 

Nominating 

committee 

Chairman of the 

board of 

directors 

board of supervisors 

Audit 

committee 

Compensation 

and appraisal 

committee 

 

Senior management team 

Board secretary 

The board of directors 


13 |  P a g e  

 

 



and supervise the operations of the Company in accordance with the laws, which further 

safeguards the interests of all shareholders. 

2. Corporate Governance  

To safeguard the interests of shareholders, the Company has been operating in strict 

compliance with various laws and regulations, and has been committed to continuously 

improving its corporate governance. In 2020, the Company mainly performed the following 

work: 

During the year, the Company convened one annual general meeting, one extraordinary general 

meeting, nine meetings of the board of directors and seven meetings of the board of supervisors 

to consider and vote on the relevant resolutions. For details, please refer to the relevant 

announcements. 

The independent directors duly performed their duties and 

deeply understood the operations and internal control system 

of the Company through reviewing information as well as 

communication and discussion with management, audit 

functions and general staff. In addition, they paid close 

attention to key issues such as financial data, current business 

situation and key projects. The actively attended the general 

meetings and the Board meetings and duly considered the 

relevant resolutions. In 2020, the independent directors issued 

their independent opinions on various matters including the 

nomination and appointment of directors and senior 

management and their remuneration, matters relating to the 

restricted 

share 

incentive 

scheme, 

daily 

connected 

transactions and other connected transactions, settlement of 

the land issues of No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant of the 

Company, external guarantees, engagement of auditors, the 

annual reports and summary of annual reports of the Company 

prepared in accordance with the PRC standards and 

international standards, profit distribution and Shareholders’ 

Return Plan of the Company for 2020-2022, deposit and actual 

use of proceeds, proposed change of the actual controller of 

the Company, performance of undertakings by the Company 

and shareholders, implementation of information disclosure, 

and implementation of internal control. The independent 

directors supervised the implementation of the resolutions of 

the general meetings and the Board meetings, while actively and effectively performing the 

duties of independent directors so as to promote the sustainable and healthy development of 

the Company and safeguard the overall interests of the Company and the legitimate rights and 

interests of all shareholders, especially minority shareholders. 







Interaction between shareholders 

and senior management at the 

general meeting 


14 |  P a g e  

 

 



In accordance with the Company Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed 

Companies in China, the Articles of Association, the Terms of Reference of the Audit 

Committee of the Board and other relevant regulations, the audit committee performed its 

duties diligently and conscientiously. In 2020, six meetings were held and all members attended 

all meetings in person. During the audit of the 2020 annual report, the audit committee 

supervised the audit of the annual report by way of on-site and communication meetings upon 

commencement of field audit by the external auditor, and decided to submit the audited 

financial statements of the Company for 2020 to the board of directors for approval after 

reviewing the financial statements on its own. The audit committee supervised and evaluated 

the implementation of the 2020 annual report audit and internal control audit carried out by 

ShineWing Certified Public Accountants, the PRC auditor, and RSM Chio Lim LLP, the 

overseas auditor engaged by the Company. The audit committee gave full play to its role as a 

professional committee and actively promoted the building of the Company’s internal control 

system. In addition to strengthening and improving the Company’s internal control evaluation 

management, it supervised the Company’s internal audit functions to complete the self-

evaluation of internal control. The audit committee carefully reviewed the quarterly internal 

audit work summary and the internal audit work plan of the Company, timely supervised the 

effective implementation of the 2020 audit work plan of the Company, and provided guiding 

opinions on the issues arising from the internal audit, which improved the effectiveness of the 

internal audit work. 

3. Information Disclosure and Investor Relations 

In accordance with the requirements of the Rules for Information Disclosure and upholding the 

principles of “Never more, never less” and “Strictness over leniency”, the Company strictly 

complied with the requirements of the regulatory authorities of the PRC and Singapore for 

information disclosure, ensured the consistency of information disclosure at home and abroad, 

and ensured the truthfulness, accuracy, timeliness and completeness of the information 

disclosed in the announcements. 

The Company continued to focus on strengthening the management of insiders, and strictly 

complied with the Rules for the Management of Insiders of the Company to complete the 

registration of insiders’ files and the notification of confidentiality obligations, so as to prevent 

insiders from conducting insider trading. 

In 2020, the Company fully implemented the Guidelines of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for 

Industrial Information Disclosure of Listed Companies No. 7 – Pharmaceutical Manufacturing 

and the Standards for the Content and Format of Information Disclosure by Companies 

Offering Securities to the Public No. 2 – Content and Format of Annual Reports in the 

preparation of regular reports and temporary announcements, and increased industry 

information and financial data such as operating results and scientific research progress under 

the new system of strengthening the supervision by industry at the stock exchange level, so as 

to improve information density and information quality. During the year, a total of 4 regular 

reports of A shares and S shares and 47 provisional reports of the Company were disclosed, 

covering resolutions of various meetings, regular reports, use of proceeds, special reports 


15 |  P a g e  

 

 



required by the stock exchanges in the PRC and Singapore, such as mixed-ownership reform 

of the pharmaceutical group, etc. 

The Company has always attached great importance to 

strengthening the management of investor relations by 

actively promoting positive interaction with investors, and 

gradually established various forms of communication 

channels such as information disclosure, investor hotline, the 

Company’s website, company visit, network and telephone 

conference 

to 

ensure 

the 

truthfulness, 

accuracy, 

completeness, timeliness, fairness and openness of the Company’s information to investors. In 

2020, the Company interacted and communicated with investors through inviting investors to 

on-site visits and holding the “2019 Online Results Presentation” and other forms of 

communication. The management communicated and exchanged with investors on the 

Company’s operating results and other information. The Company actively demonstrated its 

business dynamics and corporate image to facilitate the linkage between our corporate values 

and the capital market. 

 

Standardized Management 

 

In 2020, to ensure the level of financial management and control of the Company and stimulate 

the vitality and enthusiasm of financial management personnel, the finance department of the 

Company revised and improved the Management Regulations for Senior Financial 

Management Personnel of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, which further clarified the duties and 

responsibilities of the seconded chief financial officer. The Company also established a multi-

dimensional appraisal mechanism covering the “finance department + human resources 

department + seconded unit” and “daily + annual basis” to enhance the management and 

supervision ability of the finance department under the headquarters over the seconded finance 

director. At the same time, the financial management rights of controlling subsidiaries were 

directly included in the finance department of the Company, which further strengthened the 

financial supervision of the Company over its controlling subsidiaries. 

In addition, the Company actively carried out special inspections on the Company’s system-

wide capital assets and the “mini cashboxes” and required the finance department of each 

enterprise to timely revise the capital payment processes and procedures, conduct timely stock-

taking and set up multi-level bank account reminders to strengthen the supervision of capital 

expenditure. The Company carried out special actions on the Company’s system-wide account 

receivables reconciliation and stock-taking, guided the enterprises to establish dynamic 

management thinking on inventory, paid attention to the quality of account receivables 

reconciliation and risk of loss, and thoroughly examined the base of inventories and account 

receivables, which effectively protected the rights and interests of the Company and reduced 

operational risks. 



Online annual results presentation 


16 |  P a g e  

 

 



Centering around on the overall deployment of the Company, the audit department of the 

Company fully implemented the requirements of the audit committee, actively played the role 

of audit supervision and evaluation, and carried out audit work on the Company’s headquarters, 

branches, subsidiaries and other units. 

The audit matters include special audit of finance income and expenses, special audit of sales 

business, special audit of account receivables, special audit of financial statement data, special 

audit of economic responsibilities and special audit of informatization. For the audit issues 

identified by internal and external auditors and the Audit Bureau of Tianjin, the Company 

implemented rectification and sales account management, repeated examinations and reviews, 

promoted reform and construction through audit, supervised relevant units to improve 

processes, eliminate loopholes, and improve risk prevention and control. While supervising the 

implementation of the system and rectifying the system defects, the audit department of the 

Company is committed to continuously improving the risk awareness and prevention 

awareness of the responsible personnel through guidance and communication. The Company 

actively raised the self-awareness of relevant personnel and units, and dispatched the list of 

audit issues of previous years to enterprises for self-inspection. At the same time, based on the 

risk-oriented principle, the Company actively carried out internal control self-assessment work, 

focused on high-risk areas, and actively tracked and rectified the system defects found in the 

self-assessment of annual internal control. 

 

Anti-corruption 

(GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

The Company actively prevents and controls any form of corruption in the course of business. 

The Company undertakes that if any incident of corruption is discovered, an independent 

investigation will be conducted immediately and measures will be taken to prevent recurrence. 

The Company’s discipline inspection committee is responsible for the Company’s systematic 

discipline inspection and supervision, and performs the supervision duties on all Party 

individual and corporate members of the Company and senior management of the enterprises. 

The headquarters of the Company and its subsidiaries both have discipline inspection and 

supervision cadres. 

At the beginning of the year, to clarify the anti-corruption responsibilities and enhance the 

awareness of anti-corruption, the Company’s discipline inspection committee organized the 

middle and senior management of the headquarters and its branches and subsidiaries, and 

appointed senior management, seconded finance directors and other key personnel to sign a 

total of 1079 “Letters of Commitment on Anti-Corruption for Enterprise Leaders”. The 

Company continued to strengthen the education on clean practice and anti-corruption. All Party 

members of the Company’s branches and subsidiaries received an accumulated eight hours of 

disciplinary training. Throughout the year, the Company continuously strengthened the anti-

corruption awareness from both the affirmative side and negative side of the Company’s Party 

members and cadres by forwarding materials of and organizing trainings on the typical cases 

of disciplinary violations and by viewing anti-corruption videos. 


17 |  P a g e  

 

 



Every year, the Company formulates the annual self-inspection and rectification work plan for 

anti-corruption risk prevention and management every year, and the corresponding subsidiaries 

and departments under the headquarters will carry out self-inspection and rectification on job 

responsibilities, procurement and sales and other business processes and systems. In 2020, the 

self-inspection and rectification rate reached 100%, effectively preventing the occurrence of 

various types of dishonest acts. After risk assessment, no significant corruption risk was found. 

In FY2020, the Company did not receive any report of corruption. 

To improve the knowledge of discipline inspection and supervision cadres in legal discipline 

and corporate management, the Company successively organized the discipline inspection and 

supervision cadres in the system to participate in a total of 14 professional trainings with the 

theme of “Political supervision in the mixed-ownership reform of state-owned enterprises”, 

“Interpretation of the Civil Code”, “Issues of concern in the financial statements, debts and 

account receivables of enterprises”, etc. 

Whistleblowing Mechanism 

 

The discipline inspection committee of the Company receives tip-offs 24 hours through 

channels such as email and whistleblowing hotline. At the same time, the Company handles 

such lodgings in person or by post according to the management authority. In accordance with 

the Measures for the Implementation of Discipline Inspection, Supervision and 

Whistleblowing Handling of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Limited, 

the Company deals with the tip-offs in a timely manner by means of conversation, enquiry and 

obtaining relevant proofs. Upon receiving the tip-offs, the tip-off content and the particulars of 

the whistleblowers and the whistleblowees shall be kept confidential in accordance with the 

principle of “maintaining the democratic rights of the parties involved in the whistleblowing”. 

After completing the investigation of the tip-offs, for anonymous reports, the discipline 

inspection committee of the Company will report the results to the Party committee of the 

Company or the discipline inspection committee of the pharmaceutical group. For real-name 

whistleblowing, the Company’s discipline inspection committee will give feedback to the 

whistleblowers. 

In 2020, the discipline inspection committee of Zhong Xin Company handled 100% of the 

tip-offs received. No unsatisfactory comment was received from feedback of the real-name 

whistleblowers when checking with them. The discipline inspection committee of Zhong Xin 

Company issued five rectification proposals within a time limit for the management risks 

identified during the inspection. 

Interested Party Transactions (Related Party Transactions) 

 

The Company has adopted internal policies and formulated review and approval procedures 

for transactions with interested parties. All transactions with interested parties are properly 

recorded and submitted to the audit committee for quarterly review to ensure that the 

transactions are conducted on fair commercial terms and not prejudicial to the interests of the 

shareholders. 


18 |  P a g e  

 

 



In 2020, the Company had two related party transactions. Firstly, the Company had daily 

related party transactions with related parties such as purchase and sale of goods, purchase of 

raw materials and printing of pharmaceutical packaging. The Company strictly complied with 

the requirements of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Singapore Stock Exchange, disclosed 

the related party transactions at the general meeting, and obtained the approval and 

authorization at the annual general meeting. Secondly, the Company entered into the Financial 

Services Agreement with Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Finance Co., Ltd., a related party, 

based on the principle of “equality, voluntariness, mutual benefit, co-development and win-

win outcome”, pursuant to which Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Finance Co., Ltd. provided 

the Company with financial services such as settlement and intermediary business services, 

deposit services and credit business. Such related party transaction was considered and 

approved at the 2017 first extraordinary general meeting held on 30 June 2017 for a term 

commencing from 1 July 2017 and ending on 30 June 2020, and was approved to renew at the 

2019 annual general meeting held on 5 June 2020 for a term commencing from 1 July 2020 

and ending on 30 June 2023. 

Securities Transactions 

 

In accordance with the securities laws and regulations of the PRC and Singapore, the Company 

has adopted and implemented the policies on dealing in the shares of the Company in the stock 

exchanges of the PRC and Singapore. It is proposed that all directors and core senior 

management shall not deal in the shares of the Company during the period commencing one 

month before the publication of the interim, half-yearly or annual results announcement of the 

Company and ending on the date of the publication of the results announcement. Directors and 

senior management are further advised not to deal in the Company’s securities in the short term. 

 

Dividend 

The Company actively implements 

the requirements of the Notice on 

Further 

Implementing 

Issues 

Concerning Cash Dividends of 

Listed Companies issued by the 

China Securities and Regulatory 

Commission, attaches importance 

to 

the 

reasonable 

investment 

returns to investors, and strives to 

maintain 

the 

continuity 

and 

stability of profit distribution 

policies. 

The profit distribution plan for 2019 was considered and approved at the 2019 annual general 

meeting of the Company, pursuant to which, on the basis of the total share capital of 




19 |  P a g e  

 

 



772,803,076 shares as at 31 December 2019, a cash dividend of RMB3.0 (tax inclusive) for 

every 10 shares was distributed to all shareholders, with total cash dividends of 

RMB231,840,922.80 (tax inclusive) to repay the investors with practical actions. The cash 

dividends of the Company for the year accounted for 37.06% of the net profit attributable to 

owners of the parent in the consolidated statements of the Company for 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




20 |  P a g e  

 

 



Sustainability Management Structure and Board Statement 

 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical takes the sustainable development of its business as a priority of 

the board of directors. We have established a sustainability task force comprising department 

heads and led by the secretary to the board of directors to implement and manage the 

Company’s sustainability initiatives. 

The board of directors integrates sustainable development issues into the Company’s business 

strategy, and reviews and approves the material issues relating to economic, environmental and 

social impacts selected by the task force to ensure that the task force strictly manages and 

supervises these materiality issues. 

For more information about the Company’s implementation regulations on corporate 

governance and risk management structure, please refer to the section headed Corporate 

Governance in the 2020 Annual Report. 

Board Diversity 

(GRI 405-1) 

 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical attaches 

great importance to the diversity of 

employees at all levels of the Group. 

With two independent directors on the 

board of directors of the Company 

being Singaporean, we believe that 

diversity of the board of directors will 

help 

the 

directors 

utilize 

their 

respective advantages in the course of 

corporate governance, create a fair 

and respectful working atmosphere, 

and ultimately improve the Group’s 

performance. 

 

 

 




21 |  P a g e  

 

 



Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Company firmly believes that the key factor of sustainable development is to meet and 

exceed the needs of stakeholders, so we select material issues based on the importance of issues 

to stakeholders. We have conducted effective communication with all stakeholders, actively 

listened to their needs, and also participated in industry and government seminars to timely 

understand any material issues that the stakeholders are concerned about. 

We define key stakeholders as a group that has a significant impact on the Group’s operations 

or is affected by the Group’s operations. The table below summarizes the stakeholders as 

defined herein, how they communicate with them, and their concerns: 

Stakeholders 

Communication 

channels 

Issues of concern 

Please refer to the 

section below 

Customers and 

consumers 

• 

Annual report 

• 

Product quality 

feedback 

• 

Product quality and 

safety 

• 

Drug certificate 

• 

Compliance with the 

PRC health and safety 

laws and regulations 

• 

Compliance with 

pharmaceutical 

marketing laws and 

regulations 

• 

Product health and 

safety 

• 

Pharmaceutical 

marketing 

Employees 

• 

Performance 

appraisal system 

• 

Employee health and 

safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Welfare 

• 

Compliance with the 

PRC labor laws and 

regulations 

• 

Caring for 

employees 

Suppliers 

• 

Supplier 

Assessment 

• 

Product quality and 

compliance 

• 

Supplier 

management 

Government 

and 

industry/standa

rds association 

• 

Quarterly report 

• 

Annual report 

• 

Sustainability report 

• 

Government policy 

communication 

meeting 

• 

Industry regulations 

• 

Environmental 

compliance 

• 

Employee health 

and safety 

• 

Product health and 

safety 

• 

Pharmaceutical 

marketing 

• 

Social responsibility  

Community 

• 

Community services 

• 

Environmental 

impacts 

• 

Social development 

• 

Giving back to 

society 

• 

Environmental 

awareness 


22 |  P a g e  

 

 



Investors and 

shareholders 

• 

Annual report 

• 

Investor relations 

management 

• 

Annual general 

meeting 

• 

Financial results of 

the Company 

• 

Anti-corruption 

• 

Anti-corruption and 

anti-commercial 

bribery 

• 

Product health and 

safety 

Basis of Preparation of the Report 

 

This sustainability report published by the Company is prepared with reference to the Global 

Reporting Initiative: GRI Standards - Core Option and illustrates the sustainability-related 

performance of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical during the reporting period (1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020). The GRI Standards, the reporting framework selected by us, is a globally 

recognized standard for sustainability reporting, and the content of the report mainly focuses 

on economic, environmental and social issues. The content of this report is also prepared in 

accordance with the “Comply or Explain” standards for the sustainability report under the SGX 

Listing Rule 711B. Neither the GRI Standards nor the SGX Listing Manual require an 

independent verification of the reporting content. The Company’s sustainability task force 

believes that this annual report is still at the fundamental stage of establishing the framework 

for sustainability reporting. Accordingly, no external verification is required for the time being. 

This report is supplemental to the 2020 annual report of the Group. For the detailed sections of 

the GRI Standards, please refer to the Content Index of the GRI Standards of this report. 

As stated in the section headed “Stakeholder Engagement”, the Company’s material issues are 

identified based on their impacts on our internal and external stakeholders. The material issues 

and scopes selected in the report are as follows: 

Material Issues 

Scope of impacts 

(i.e. business segments, countries and subsidiaries) 

Economy 

Market performance 

The Group 

Indirect economic impacts 

Anti-corruption 

Environment 

Energy 

Pharmaceutical manufacturing 

Water resources 

Emissions 

Wastewater and wastes 

Environmental compliance 

The Group 

Social 

Employment 

The Group 

Occupational health and safety 

The Group, including pharmaceutical manufacturing 

Training and education 

The Group 


23 |  P a g e  

 

 



Diversity and equal opportunities 

Anti-discrimination 

Child labor 

Unfree or forced labor 

Human rights assessment 

Local community 

Customer health and safety 

Production and sales of pharmaceutical products 

(including self-produced industrial sales and agency sales) 

Marketing and labelling 

Socio-economic compliance 

The Group 

Customer Health and Safety 

At Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, the Company regards the provision of public pharmaceutical 

and healthcare products and services as its top priority. We are committed to manufacturing 

high-quality and high stability drugs, and exercising strict quality control to ensure product 

health and safety. We always pay attention to the practical application of cutting-edge 

technologies, and work closely with suppliers, customers, government departments and 

research institutions to ensure that product quality meets the requirements.  

 

The Song Bai brand 

Suxiao Jiuxin Wan 

( 速 效 救 心 丸 ) 

manufactured 

by 

Zhong 

Xin 

Pharmaceutical No. 6 

Chinese 

Medicine 

Plant 

was 

ranked 

among the “Healthy 

China Brand Chart” 

in 2020, which is the 

fifth consecutive year 

that the product has 

won this honor. 

 

 

 

 






24 |  P a g e  

 

 



Quality Management 

(GRI 416-1) 

The Company strictly complies with the requirements of drug regulations and prompts all 

enterprises to continuously improve their compliance level. In addition to minimizing quality 

risks, the Company ensures the quality of drugs is up to standard, thus protecting the safety and 

efficacy of patients’ medication. 

After the implementation of the newly revised Drug Administration Law, the GMP certification 

has been cancelled and the regulatory authorities now strengthens daily supervision through 

various methods such as follow-up inspection and unannounced inspection. In 2020, the 

industrial enterprises under the Company were inspected a total of 23 times by regulatory 

authorities, and the commercial enterprises were inspected a total of 62 times by regulatory 

authorities. These enterprises passed all inspections smoothly. The Company was inspected a 

total of 544 times comprising random inspections at national level and local provincial level 

and other random inspections. 112 qualified reports were issued and no unqualified report was 

issued. In 2020, the Company successfully passed the inspections conducted by various drug 

regulatory authorities and product random inspections, details of which are as follows: 

Inspections in FY2020 

Type of inspection 

Unit being inspected 

Number of 

inspections 

Number of 

unqualified 

inspections 

Inspection by the drug 

regulatory authorities  

Industrial enterprises 

23 

0 

Commercial enterprises 

62 

0 

Number of random 

product inspections  

Industrial enterprises 

346 

0 

Commercial enterprises 

198 

0 

In accordance with the work plan and guided by issues and risk prevention and management, 

the Company organized the quality management backbone or third-party consulting companies 

to conduct quality internal audit, random inspection and drug evaluation inspection for its 

subsidiaries. In 2020, the Company conducted 83 quality audits in total, comprising 17 quality 

audits for manufacturing enterprises and 66 quality audits for operating enterprises. In addition, 

third-party consulting agencies were introduced to conduct special quality audits on the 

Company’s proprietary Chinese medicine manufacturers and processed Chinese medicine 

manufacturers. 

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing 

Quality control 

approach of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical

Public health is our top priority

Consistent quality products and stringent quality control 

State-of-the-art technology

Close cooperation with suppliers, customers, government 

departments and scientific research institutions to maintain progress 

Strict compliance with international GMP, domestic 

GMP and drug regulations 

Emphasis on environmental protection


25 |  P a g e  

 

 



All of the Company’s nine industrial enterprises have passed the PRC GMP certification or 

GMP compliance inspection, and all of them have completed the renewal of the Permit for 

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. Each of Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Plant, Da Ren Tang 

Pharmaceutical Plant, Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant and No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant 

has successfully passed the annual review of ISO10012 measurement management system. 

While meeting the 2010 GMP requirements, the Company actively promotes the 

internationalization of its quality management system and encourages enterprises to participate 

in overseas certification. In February 2020, Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Plant, Da Ren 

Tang Pharmaceutical Plant, Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant and Zhongxin Pharmaceutical 

Plant successfully obtained the GMP certification issued by the Therapeutic Goods 

Administration (“TGA”) in Australia. In 2020, a total of 12 quality control group projects of 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical won the first-class award at the National Pharmaceutical Industry 

Achievement Awards, three of which won the Best Presentation Award. Two of the Company’s 

projects won the second-class award at the 2020 Tianjin Quality Excellence Awards. 

We have established a complete set of industrial quality management system documents 

covering all chapters of GMP. In accordance with national regulations such as GMP and market 

changes, we continuously improve the standardized management level of our products. In 2020, 

the Company participated in the formulation of 26 industry and national standards, and 

formulated and revised 1,544 internal control standards for the enterprises. 

The Company has established a routine supervision and self-inspection mechanism for quality 

management and a scientific analysis and decision-making mechanism for quality issues. The 

industrial subsidiaries of the Company are guided by the quality management system 

documents of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. In the quality control process of pharmaceutical 

manufacturing, the Company strictly implements the system requirements, implements drug 

quality responsibilities at all levels, strengthens quality monitoring and data analysis of key 

segments, and timely investigates quality and safety hazards. Through the scientific and 

comprehensive management and control of the whole process system, the product quality is 

guaranteed and the drug safety of consumers is ensured. 

Sales of Pharmaceutical Products (Including Sales of Products of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical’s Industrial Enterprises and Non-subsidiaries) 

All the commercial subsidiaries of the Company renewed their Pharmaceutical Trade License 

in 2019, and six retail enterprises completed the renewal of their Pharmaceutical Trade License 

in 2020. 

The Company actively organized training sessions on the interpretation of regulations and 

policies, such as the Pharmaceutical Administration Law, the 2020 National Reimbursement 

Drug List, the Medical Representative Registration System, and the Interpretation of 

Pharmaceutical Industry Entry Barriers and Finance and Taxation Compliance Policies, to 

ensure the compliance and orderly operation of enterprises. 

 


26 |  P a g e  

 

 



Marketing and Labelling 

(GRI 417-1) 

 

 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s brands appeared at the China Brand Day Online and the China Brand Development 

International Seminar 

Sales of Products of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s Industrial Enterprises 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical has a nationwide sales network, with more than 170 offices in 30 

provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across the country. Sales channels include 

medical market, retail market, third-party end user market and online sales channel. The 

Company has established strategic cooperation with national pharmaceutical business giants, 

regional strong distributors and national chain pharmacies. Many quality products are sold to 

more than 17 countries and regions around the world and are well-known. The Company 

continued to deepen the end user marketing campaign of “the more common the medicines, 

the more you need to choose Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical”, organized more “Healthcare Mini 

Classes”, and regularly carried out online healthcare activities. As part of its efforts to 

strengthen cooperation with e-commerce platforms, the Company pushed ahead the 

cooperation with B2B, B2C and O2O e-commerce platforms, established the online medical 

consultation project, expanded Internet hospital channels, promoted the “online free medical 

consultation” 

campaign 

on 

platforms 

including 

120ask.com, 

miaoshou.com 

and 

chunyuyisheng.com, to provide online medicine advice and drug purchase services for chronic 

diseases, and built a customer relationship management (“CRM”) online member closed-loop 

service system to provide targeted services to patients. 

All drugs manufactured by Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical have been granted valid drug approval 

numbers (a total of 499 approval numbers), and the drug labels are in strict compliance with 

the requirements of the Provisions on the Administration of Pharmaceutical Directions and 

Labels (Bureau Order No.24), in which the label information is derived from the quality 

standards of various varieties (all being national drug quality standards). 

The Company earnestly fulfilled the main responsibility of pharmacovigilance as holder of the 

drug marketing license. To ensure the drug safety of end consumers, the Company made 

amendments to the safety information of 257 drug directions including our key product, Suxiao 

Jiuxin Wan ( 速 效 救 心 丸 ) in 2020 and submitted to the National Medical Products 






27 |  P a g e  

 

 



Administration for approval. The directions of other drug varieties will subsequently be 

amended in accordance with the new Measures for the Administration of Drug Registration 

and relevant national regulations. 

The Company’s drug marketing and labelling strictly comply with the national marketing and 

labelling management regulations. The Company regularly conducts risk prevention and 

control checks, strictly manages front-line marketing personnel, agents and service providers, 

and emphasizes legal and compliant marketing. For the merchant solicitation business, the 

Company achieves the whole-process documentation and standardized management of 

“information release, tender evaluation, tender confirmation and agreement signing” through 

the third-party merchant solicitation platform to ensure that the merchant solicitation business 

operates in a fair and just environment. 

To regulate the advertising and promotion of products of its subsidiaries, the Company strictly 

implements the Rules for Advertising of Printed Media of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Group Corporation Ltd. and implements the product advertising process. All subsidiaries of 

the Company have formulated the Code of Conduct for Pharmaceutical Marketing and 

designated special personnel to be responsible for matters relating to advertising, review the 

content of advertising, monitor the status of advertising, strictly comply with the 

Pharmaceutical Administration Law and the Advertising Law, standardize the implementation 

plan of marketing, and ensure the legal and compliant promotion of products.  

Sales of Products of Enterprises not under Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

The drugs operated by Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical are purchased from legally qualified 

suppliers. The labels of the purchased drugs are reviewed upon qualification assessment of 

newly-operated suppliers to ensure that the labels of the purchased drugs are in compliance 

with the Provisions on the Administration of Pharmaceutical Directions and Labels (Bureau 

Order No.24) and the drug quality standards. 

Supplier Management 

(GRI 416-1) 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical attaches great importance to the quality of the products 

manufactured and sold by the Company. We conduct high-standard and strict inspection when 

evaluating suppliers to ensure product quality. 

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing 

The Company adopts electronic procurement system for the procurement of Chinese herbal 

medicines to optimize the supplier selection process, and formulates annual, monthly and 

temporary procurement plans based on annual demand, inventory and market changes. A 

comprehensive evaluation of suppliers is conducted based on seven scoring criteria, including 

capital, batch, sufficient quantity, transportation, returns and contract, to ensure that the 

selection of suppliers is transparent and objective. 


28 |  P a g e  

 

 



To ensure the quality of the supply chain and strengthen the competitive advantages of the 

supply chain, during the bidding process, we select suppliers based on the following three 

principles, namely: 

1. Suppliers from the main origin of the purchased pharmaceutical products are selected; 

2. Quality suppliers in the proprietary Chinese medicinal materials market are selected; 

3. Suppliers with competitive advantages in purchasing pharmaceutical products are selected. 

To ensure the stable quality and control costs of Ligusticum Chuanxiong Hort, the main raw 

material of our key product Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸), the Company together with the 

enterprises located in the famous production region of Ligusticum Chuanxiong Hort, jointly 

established Dujiangyan Zhongxin Chinese Medicine Plantation Co., Ltd. (都江堰市中新中药

材种植有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as “Dujiangyan Plantation Base”) in 2013 to carry 

out the standardized plantation of Ligusticum Chuanxiong Hort. The Dujiangyan Plantation 

Base adheres to the combination of ecological planting and wildlife breeding during the 

breeding stage to ensure stable quality and genuineness of the breeding source. At the field, the 

Company insists on the using of organic fertilizers for plant care, which ensures the quality of 

raw materials and effectively protects the soil environment in the place of origin. 

The effective content of Ligusticum Chuanxiong Hort produced at the Dujiangyan Plantation 

Base is higher than the pharmacopoeia standards, which provides a strong guarantee for the 

stability of the quality of Suxiao Jiuxin Wan ( 速 效 救 心 丸 ) produced at Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical’s No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant. The Dujiangyan Plantation Base employs 

local farmers to provide job opportunities for some local people. 

Non-manufacturing Materials 

The Company actively promoted the online procurement of “non-manufacturing materials” 

within the system and capitalized on the centralized procurement platform of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical to achieve clean procurement. At the same time, the Company expanded the 

source of procurement through the supplier resource advantages on Alibaba’s platform, 

improved the efficiency of procurement, and achieved the goal of minimizing procurement 

costs. 

Sales of Products of Enterprises not under Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Provided that the new GSP requirements are strictly complied with, by relying on the organic 

combination of the Enterprise Information Management System (the “ERP”) and the 

Warehouse Management System (the “WMS”) of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Logistics 

Center, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant completed the automatic 

data exchange and formed a complete platform of enterprise system and warehouse 

management system. 

To regulate procurement practices, Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant has formulated the 

Procurement Management System of Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant to build files of qualified 


29 |  P a g e  

 

 



suppliers and strictly screen them. The files of suppliers shall include basic information of 

suppliers, approval forms of suppliers, relevant qualification certificates, audit materials, 

assessment results, purchase and sales contracts, facsimile correspondences, telephone records 

and other information. In 2020, 62 new suppliers were added. 

Product Safety Objectives and Compliance 

(GRI 416-2, 417-2, 417-3, 419-1) 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance with product safety-related regulations, 

no incidents of non-compliance with quality and safety-related regulations in respect of the 

products operated by the Company, and no incidents of non-compliance with marketing 

communication-related regulations. 

To ensure that we strictly comply with product safety laws and regulations and achieve product 

safety targets in FY2021, the product safety performance in FY2020 has been reviewed and 

the plan for FY2021 has been formulated. 

Actual Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Targets 

Performance 

Zero incident of product marketing and labelling 

non-compliance  

We achieved zero incident of non-compliance with 

respect to information and labelling of self-

manufactured products and third-party products; 

We achieved zero incident of non-compliance with 

respect to marketing of self-manufactured products and 

third-party products. 

Zero incident of product safety non-compliance 

We achieved zero material safety incident  occurred . 

Product Safety Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Targets 

Action Plan 

Zero incident of product marketing and labelling 

non-compliance 

We will continue to strictly implement the existing 

marketing management systems, standards and 

processes 

Zero incident of product safety non-compliance 

We will strengthen the investigation and management of 

hidden dangers and safety production education and 

training to achieve no material safety accident in 2021. 

 

 

 


30 |  P a g e  

 

 



Technology Research and Development 

 

The Company invested RMB126,492,800 in technology throughout the year, with a technology 

investment rate of 6.76%. Based on the technology strategic positioning of “serving production, 

supporting sales and leading the future”, the Company systematically rationalized the direction 

of scientific research and explored the clinical use value of key products by relying on the top-

level design plan of traditional Chinese medicine products and core products. Based on good 

clinical efficacy and market potential, the Company conducted analysis, screening and project-

based research on exclusive pediatric drugs. 

There were a total of 19 new product R&amp;D projects carried out during the year, of which Bufei 

Keli (补肺颗粒) was in phase II of clinical research and data statistics were being collected. 

The Company carried out generic consistency evaluation on five varieties, among which, 

Metformin Hydrochloride Tablets ( 盐 酸 二 甲 双 胍 片 ) obtained the Approval for 

Supplementary Application of Drugs from the National Medical Products Administration on 3 

March 2020 and passed the generic consistency evaluation in terms of quality and efficacy. 

The research on the evaluation of Tiapride Hydrochloride Tablets (盐酸硫必利片) and 

Gliclazide Sustained-release Tablets (格列齐特缓释片) have been completed and received the 

acceptance notice from the NMPA. The Company carried out 26 secondary development 

projects for large variety products, and conducted in-depth research on large variety products 

in respect of pharmacodynamics, mechanism of action, clinical re-evaluation and renewal 

approval under the category of protected traditional Chinese medicines. Among them, the 

research on real world clinical evaluation of Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片) was carried out where 

the clinical value of the product was further clarified through observational comparative 

analysis of efficacy and data mining, providing doctors and patients with scientific evidence of 

Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片) for the treatment of lung cancer. We carried out clinical research 

on treatment of chronic heart failure with Shenfu Qiangxin Wan (参附强心丸), which clarified 

the effectiveness and safety of treatment of chronic heart failure with Shenfu Qiangxin Wan 

(参附强心丸) and provided strong evidence for clinical use. We carried out clinical research 

on the delay of coronary heart disease’s percutaneous coronary intervention (the “PCI”) post-

operative myocardial remodeling based on a combination of disease and syndrome with 

Tongmai Yangxin Wan (通脉养心丸) and evaluated the effectiveness and safety of its 

prevention and control of post-MI myocardial remodeling to slow down the progress of 

myocardial remodeling and prevent the development of heart failure, so as to provide evidence-

based proof for the early application of traditional Chinese medicine to prevent post-MI 

myocardial remodeling and heart failure. The Company carried out the randomized, double-

blind single simulation, placebo-control, parallel and multi-center clinical research on the 

treatment of chronic stable angina (qi stagnation and blood stasis) with Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速

效救心丸), evaluated the effectiveness of long-term intake of Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心

丸) for the treatment of chronic stable angina, observed the impact of long-term medication on 


31 |  P a g e  

 

 



the efficacy of Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸) in acute exacerbation, which further clarified 

the clinical use value of Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸). 

The Company attaches great importance to the protection of property rights and continuously 

strengthens the management of intellectual property rights. In 2020, Zhong Xin Company and 

its subsidiaries successfully passed the annual supervision and review of the intellectual 

property rights management system, completed the patent promotion project acceptance of 

China National Intellectual Property Administration, and improved the building of the 

Company’s intellectual property management system. The Company was granted 30 patents 

throughout the year, including four invention patents. Our rich academic results provided 

strong support for product expansion and efficiency enhancement. 

In 2020, four large variety products of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, namely, Suxiao Jiuxin Wan 

(速效救心丸), Qingfei Xiaoyan Wan (清肺消炎丸), Tongmai Yangxin Wan (通脉养心丸) 

and Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片), fulfilled the high-level guidelines, paths and expert consensus 

in guiding clinical use of drugs rationally to give play to the advantages and role of traditional 

Chinese medicine. 

Essential medicines are those that meet the basic medical and health needs and are available in 

appropriate dosage forms at reasonable prices with guaranteed supply and fair access to the 

public. The drug list stresses the equal emphasis on both Chinese and Western medicines with 

focus on the connection between common diseases and chronic diseases (especially major 

diseases) and medicines for the elderly, women and children, and is applicable to medical and 

health institutions at all levels, which serves as a basis for medical and health institutions to 

prepare and use drugs. As of December 2020, the 2018 National Essential Drug List is the 

latest version of the essential drug list. 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical is committed to ensuring the safety of drugs and patients. A total 

of 75 varieties of proprietary Chinese medicines and 601 types of Chinese medicine decoction 

of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical are listed in the 2018 National Essential Drug List. Compared 

with the 2012 Essential Drugs List, there are 5 new varieties on the 2018 version, all of which 

are proprietary Chinese medicines. The newly selected varieties are as follows: 

Products newly included in the 2018 National Essential Drug List 

No. 

Name of 

pharmaceutical 

products 

Form and 

specification 

Functions 

Production unit 

1 

Jinqi Jiangtang Pian 

 (金芪降糖片) 

Tablet; 0.56g/tablet Clearing 

visceral heat  

Long Shun 

Rong 

Pharmaceutical 

Plant 

2 

Dahuang Zhechong Wan 

(大黄䗪虫丸) 

Pill; 3g/pill 

Dispelling blood 

stasis and 

resolving 

masses  

Da Ren Tang 

Pharmaceutical 

Plant 


32 |  P a g e  

 

 



3 

Shihu Yeguang Wan 

 (石斛夜光丸) 

Pill; 5.5g/pill, 

7.3g/bag 

Nourishing the 

liver and 

improving 

eyesight 

4 

Yangyin Qingfei Gao 

 (养阴清肺膏) 

Decoction; 

80ml/pill 

Nourishing the 

lungs and 

resolving 

phlegm 

5 

Xiwang Wan 

 (西黄丸) 

Pill; 1g/20 pills 

Resolving 

masses and 

relieving 

swelling 

Le Ren Tang 

Pharmaceutical 

Plant 

Continuous Innovation 

(GRI 203-2) 

1. Technology Center 

We have one national-level enterprise technology center, namely the Technology Center of 

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the 

“Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center”) and five municipal-level enterprise 

technology centers. 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center 

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center is a national-level enterprise technology 

center with a technology committee and an expert advisory committee, and a post-doctoral 

research center for enterprises of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. During the “13th Five-Year Plan” 

period, to further promote innovation and enhance the core competitiveness of the enterprise, 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center actively explored the mechanism of 

collaborative innovation, engaged in industry-university-research cooperation, and carried out 

in-depth strategic cooperation with China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine while 

establishing a joint research institute with the Institute of Traditional Chinese Medicine of 

Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine to achieve co-building and co-sharing. We 

have built a high-level think tank team externally and fully played its role to promote the 

transformation of scientific research achievements. 

Our technology center is equipped with state-of-the-art instruments sourced at home and 

abroad, including ultra-high pressure liquid chromatography instruments: triple-quadrupole 

tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS-MS) instruments, gas chromatography instruments: 

triple-quadrupole tandem mass spectrometer (GC-MS-MS) instruments, inductive coupled 

plasma mass spectrometer (ICP-MS) instruments, atomic spectrophotometer, medium-pressure 

preparative chromatography instruments and other large-scale instruments. We also introduce 

advanced pilot test instruments from overseas, such as Germany, Singapore, Japan and 

Denmark. The introduction and installation of these instruments provide a strong guarantee for 

the Company’s technology development. 


33 |  P a g e  

 

 



Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center has a dynamic scientific research team with 

different academic backgrounds, professional expertise and reasonable age structure. Nearly 

30% of the front-line scientific research personnel possess professional master’s or doctoral 

degrees. Over the years, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center has undertaken a 

number of major projects for of the National Development and Reform Commission, the 

Ministry of Science and Technology and Tianjin Municipality, and has a new drug pipeline, 

providing extensive and timely product process research, quality standard research and other 

various technical services inside and outside the Company. The traditional Chinese medicine 

chemical control products of our in-house R&amp;D team have been adopted and used by famous 

domestic and foreign institutions such as the European Pharmacopoeia Commission. As a 

laboratory accredited by China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (the 

“CNAS”), the testing department of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Research Center 

provides testing services that meet the requirements of international standards and are able to 

gain wider international recognition. 

After years of development, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Center has gradually 

developed into an important technology platform for the technologies and products of Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical to transform towards enterprise industrialization. It is the main source of 

the Company’s independent intellectual property rights and major new varieties of Chinese 

medicine, and is one of the core forces to ensure the technology leadership of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical. 

Municipal-level Enterprise Technology Centers 

Our municipal-level enterprise technology centers are equipped with a number of modernized 

analytical equipment such as high performance liquid chromatography instruments, gas 

chromatography instruments, evaporative light scattering detectors, thin-layer scanners and 

ultraviolet spectrophotometers, as well as pilot test equipment for solid preparations, which can 

meet the needs of new drug development, process and standard research, drug analysis and 

testing; The Company will focus on the R&amp;D of new products and the secondary development 

of key products. 

Each of the enterprise technology centers focuses on the construction of scientific research 

teams, and has built a scientific research team with complete professional technology skills, 

reasonable age structure, strong vitality and innovative spirit.  

We have increased our efforts in industry-university-research cooperation, invested a large 

amount of funds to cooperate with scientific research institutes such as Tianjin University of 

Traditional Chinese Medicine, and established a close technological cooperation relationship 

with scientific research institutes by undertaking scientific and technological innovation 

projects of the Ministry of Science and Technology and Tianjin Municipality. 

We enriched our corporate product mix through new product R&amp;D, explored the clinical use 

value of products through secondary product development, and accelerated the transformation 

of scientific research achievements into the market. In the process of developing new 

technological products, we focused on strengthening the protection of intellectual property 


34 |  P a g e  

 

 



rights, and made timely technical confidentiality and patent applications. The Research on the 

Clinical Re-evaluation of Qinggong Shoutao Wan (清宫寿桃丸) won the second-class award 

at the Tianjin Scientific and Technological Progress Award in 2020. The Research on the 

Clinical Re-evaluation and Automation Process of Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸) won the 

Tianjin Scientific and Technological Achievements Registration Certificate. Three products 

namely Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片), Shunaoxin Di Wan (舒脑欣滴丸) and Zhihai Chuanbei 

Pipa Di Wan (治咳川贝枇杷滴丸) were approval for renewal under the category of protected 

traditional Chinese medicines. 

2. Equipment and Technology Enhancement 

To ensure product quality, improve production efficiency and enhance production capacity, the 

Company focuses on the introduction of advanced technology and equipment for the 

manufacturing of traditional Chinese medicines. In 2020, the Company introduced the 

production lines and production facilities such as the production line for pill weighing and 

filling, the production line for press through outer packaging, the automatic cartoning machine, 

the dynamic pill drying machine, the aluminum plastic packaging machine and the tablet press 

machine. 

In 2020, to improve product quality and production efficiency and enhance the level of 

production process, the Company carried out four process improvement projects, including the 

transformation to fluid bed granulation for Jinqi Jiangtang Pian (金芪降糖片) and the 

enhancement of oil extraction rate of Zisuye (紫苏叶). To improve the compliance of drug 

administration, the Company carried out process improvement to reduce the dosage intake of 

Tongmai Yangmin Wan (通脉养心丸). To solve the shortage of ceramic bottle raw materials 

and ensure the stable supply in the market, the Company carried out research on new inner 

packaging materials of products. To reduce the use of ethanol and strengthen production safety, 

the Company carried out the research project on the granulation process of Xinkening Jiaonang 

(心可宁胶囊). 

3. University Research and Development and University Scientific Research Institutions 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical has always attached great importance to the industry-university-

research cooperation, actively built various forms of cooperative relationships with higher 

education institutions and research institutes, and carried out research on the basis of medicinal 

substances and community real-world research, so as to better guide clinical medication and 

improve the medical value of products. 

The Company cooperated with Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine to establish 

a professional committee, taking Lingyangjiao (羚羊角) as the entry point, to seek alternative 

solutions for endangered medicinal materials, so as to ensure the continuous expansion of key 

products such as Qingfei Xiaoyan Wan (清肺消炎丸). Through strategic cooperation with 

Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, the Company conducted a full background 

analysis on Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸), put forward advantages positioning and key 


35 |  P a g e  

 

 



tasks research recommendations for secondary product development, organized high-level 

expert demonstration programs, trained the clients and guided the implementation of scientific 

research, and formulated scientific research strategies for improving the level of evidence of 

product efficacy, enhancing the market competitiveness of products and increasing the market 

share of products. 

In cooperation with the First Affiliated Hospital of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese 

Medicine, the Company carried out a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel 

multi-center clinical trial for the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (Qi and 

blood deficiency syndrome), which clarified the effectiveness and safety of the treatment of 

non-small cell lung cancer with Zilong Jin Pian (紫龙金片), defined the clinical positioning 

and advantages of the product, and provided the basis and evidence for clinical rational drug 

use and evidence-based medicine. 

The Company cooperated with the Xiyuan Hospital of the China Academy of Chinese Medical 

Sciences to conduct clinical research on the treatment of chronic heart failure with Shenqiang 

Xinwan Wan (参附强心丸). Through large sample, multi-center and double-blind randomized 

trials, the effectiveness and safety of Shenqiang Xinwan Wan (参附强心丸) for the treatment 

of chronic heart failure were established, and more reliable and targeted evidence was obtained 

to improve the level of drug research and provide strong evidence for clinical use. 

The Company cooperated with the First Affiliated Hospital of Henan University of Chinese 

Medicine to carry out clinical research on the delay of coronary heart disease’s PCI post-

operative myocardial remodeling based on a combination of disease and syndrome, and 

evaluated the effectiveness and safety of its post-MI myocardial remodeling to slow down the 

progress of the myocardial remodeling and prevent the development of heart failure, so as to 

provide evidence-based proof for the early application of traditional Chinese medicine to 

prevent the post-MI myocardial remodeling and heart failure. 

4. New Drugs with Great Contribution to the Pharmaceutical Industry 

Currently, our pipeline drug Bufei Keli (补肺颗粒), which is jointly developed by Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical Research Center and Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant and belongs to the 

category 6.1 of the traditional Chinese medicine, is used for the treatment of stable chronic 

obstructive pulmonary disease (the “COPD”), and has obtained clinical approval in September 

2014. The new drug research project was supported by the Tianjin Special Major Project for 

Technologies of Innovative Manufacturing of New Drugs in 2015, which was a project 

supported by the special funds for scientific and technological innovation of the pharmaceutical 

group, and was a National Major Scientific and Technological Special Project for Significant 

New Drugs Development in 2017. At present, it is in phase II of clinical study and data statistics 

are being collected. 

Currently, clinical treatment for stable COPD is mainly based on western medicine. The main 

drugs are bronchodilator, glucocorticoid, and expectorant, etc. As long-term medication is 

required, it has huge toxic side effects and is expensive, resulting in heavy social and economic 


36 |  P a g e  

 

 



burden. In addition, these drugs cannot prevent patients from repeated infections, leading to 

increasing difficulty and progression of the disease. Ultimately, it will lead to pulmonary heart 

disease, which causes the quality of life of patients to decline or even endanger the life of 

patients. In recent years, the treatment of COPD with traditional Chinese medicine has received 

wide attention, and its safety and effectiveness are recognized with clinical results. The 

treatment of COPD with Chinese medicine has come under the spotlight of research in recent 

years. Through diagnosis and treatment of traditional Chinese medicine, the symptoms and the 

root cause of the disease are addressed. Not only does it effectively alleviate patients’ 

symptoms such as chronic cough, coughing up phlegm and respiratory difficulties, it also 

improves their immunity, nutritional condition, ability to resist diseases and reduces recurrence 

and progression of the disease, which will in turn delay and prevent the development of the 

diseases, promote the recovery of patients’ body, and fundamentally improve the quality of life 

of patients. 

The formulation of Bufei Keli (补肺颗粒) consists of Dangshen (党参), Danggui (当归), 

Shanyurou (山萸肉) and Zhimahuang (炙麻黄). It has the function of nourishing the lungs and 

invigorating the spleen, tonifying the kidneys and relieving asthma, as well as removing blood 

stasis and resolving phlegm. It is a traditional Chinese medicine compound formula for the 

treatment of stable COPD and chronic persistent bronchial asthma based on abundant clinical 

data summarizing such diseases. Once the new drug is launched, it will make up for the gap in 

the treatment of stable COPD with Chinese medicine and bring good news to COPD patients. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




37 |  P a g e  

 

 



Caring for Employees 

 

The Company is committed to ensuring the development, safety and welfare of its employees, 

values the contribution of all employees and provides them with fair remuneration. We 

endeavor to achieve zero fatal accidents in all workplaces and have adopted safety measures in 

the workplace to ensure the health and safety of our employees. 

In 2020, the labor union of the Company was accredited as the home of model workers 

nationwide. 

Occupational Health and Safety 

(GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4) 

The Company remains committed to the principle of “safety first, precaution crucial and 

comprehensive governance” and gives priority to the occupational health and safety of 

employees. The Company conscientiously complies with the laws and regulations relating to 

safety production, and fully implements various requirements for safety production.  

In 2020, the Company established the “one map and one manual” (i.e. risk distribution map 

and risk management manual) strategy for risk management, which enhanced the ability to 

control risks and manage hazards. It carried out various safety inspections and hazards 

investigation and promoted the three-year special rectification actions for safety production to 

identify and control hazards, thereby reducing accident risks and improving safety coefficients.  

The Company continued to step up its safety production training efforts to ensure full coverage 

of safety training over all employees. In addition, the Company also continued to enhance its 

emergency management and improve emergency response capabilities. During the safety 

months, LED screens were set up at the Company’s headquarters to display publicity posters 

on rolling basis and self-designed safety publicity boards were erected, covering various areas 

such as safety responsibility, fire escape, elevator safety, electricity safety and limited space 

operation safety. The Company carried out special governance actions for “escape passage” to 

detect and eliminate fire safety hazards in a timely manner and established an electronic fire-

fighting filing system to strengthen the supervision of daily firefighting management. The 

Company strengthened the enterprise trainings and drills on fire contingency planning, the 

construction of micro fire stations and fire control rooms, and carried out education and training 

on fire safety professional skills to standardize the fire management.  

In 2020, the Company revised its occupational health management system to regulate 

occupational health management and labor protection. An electronic filing system on 

occupational health and labor protection was set up, and special inspections on occupational 

health and investigation on hazards were carried out. The Company organized occupational 

health education and training to enhance employees’ knowledge on occupational health and 

labor protection in the workplace premises, which further improved the prevention and control 

of occupational diseases. 


38 |  P a g e  

 

 



In 2020, the Company’s safety production was stable in general, and all safety production 

indicators were achieved, with major injury of 0%, working hours lost of 0%, work-related 

fatalities of 0%, major fire and explosion accidents of 0%, and major equipment accidents of 

0%. No employees were engaged in duties or positions of high risks or high incidence of 

disease-specific death. 

Employee Diversity 

(GRI 401-1, 405-1) 

The Company treats all employees fairly and does not discriminate on the basis of gender, age 

and other factors in the employment process, and strictly complies with the principle of equal 

pay for equal work. A diversified workforce forms a major driving force for the Company’s 

reform and innovation. 

 

Orientation program for new hires 

In FY2020, the Company had a total of 4,840 employees and 74 new employees, with new 

joiner ratio of 1.53%. The gender and age distribution of the Company’s employees are as 

follows: 

 

Note: According to the PRC prevailing policies, the retirement age of male employees is 60 

years old, and the retirement age of female employees holding the position of worker is 50 

years old, while the retirement age of female employees holding the position of management 






39 |  P a g e  

 

 



is 55 years old. In the group aged over 50, the majority of employees are predominantly male 

as most female employees have retired. 

Employee Benefits 

(GRI 202-1, 401-2, 401-3, 404-3, 405-2) 

The Company strictly complies with the Labor Contract Law and its implementation 

regulations, and have entered into labor contracts with all employees to strengthen the 

management of labor remuneration, rest days and leaves, social insurance and other aspects. 

The Company ensures that the starting salary of employees is not lower than the minimum 

wage standard in Tianjin. The remuneration and benefits of employees are in line with industry 

standards and are competitive in the market. The Company provides pension insurance, 

medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance, unemployment 

insurance and housing provident fund and other benefits to all employees and guarantees full 

payment in a timely manner. Physical examinations for employees are organized regularly to 

reduce and avoid occupational hazards. The Company cares about the physical and mental 

health of its employees. 

The Company conducts performance management for employees, and implements various 

forms of regular performance appraisal according to the nature and category of the employees’ 

positions to ensure that employees’ contributions are fairly rewarded. In particular, the senior 

management is subject to annual salary assessment, while the management, sales and 

production personnel are subject to management performance assessment, physical quantity 

assessment and sales performance assessment based on their positions. To fully motivate our 

employees and enable them to share the development achievements of the Company, the 

Company continuously improves its remuneration system and incentive mechanism to ensure 

that the remuneration level of employees is commensurate with the Company’s performance 

growth. Since 2019, the Company has further enriched the channels for employees to share the 

returns of corporate development through the corporate annuity benefit scheme and restricted 

share incentive scheme. 

In 2019, the number of employees on maternity leave was 52, all of whom were retained by 

the Company upon expiry of maternity leave, representing a retention rate of 100%. At present, 

47 employees are on duty, representing a retention rate of 90%, of which five individuals 

resigned due to personal reasons. In 2020, the number of employees on maternity leave was 50. 

Among them, 26 employees have returned to work, and the remaining 24 employees are still 

on maturity leave, whom will continue to be retained by the Company, representing a retention 

rate of 100%. 

The labor union of the Company focuses on strengthening its democratic management 

functions, as well as guiding and supervising all enterprises to convene employee 

representative meetings according to laws, sign negotiating collective bargaining agreements 

and collective contracts, file the agreements and contracts according to laws and make timely 

announcements to employees. The Company’s signing rate and performance rate reach 100%. 

At the same time, to ensure the provision of assistance and support for distressed employees, 


40 |  P a g e  

 

 



since 2013, the labor union of the Company has continuously revised and improved the 

Measures for the Administration of Provision of Assistance and Support to Distressed 

Employees of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical to clarify the recognition criteria for distressed 

employees, establish files for distressed employees, implement dynamic management and 

strengthen support efforts so as to achieve targeted assistance. As of December 2020, more 

than 1,000 distressed employees received assistance, with a total of more than RMB5.10 

million of assistance funds used, enabling the distressed employees to truly feel the care of the 

Company. The labor union of the Company has purchased two mutual assistance insurance 

schemes for all employees of the Company in three consecutive years, namely the “Mutual 

Assistance and Protection Scheme for Existing Employees with Major Diseases and 

Hospitalization” and the “Mutual Assistance and Protection Scheme for Existing Employees 

with Accidental Injuries” launched by the municipal labor union, with a capital expenditure of 

approximately RMB0.75 million. 

The Company insists on making allocations to the activity 

subsidy funds for the respective labor unions of its subsidiaries 

to support the organization of the employee cultural activities in 

the sum of more than RMB0.20 million each year. The labor 

unions at all levels actively held cultural and recreational 

activities to continuously enrich the lives of employees, such as 

Chinese 

calligraphy 

class, 

basketball 

and 

badminton 

competitions, which were well-received by employees. In 2020, 

the labor union of the Company actively encouraged its employees to study the Civil Code to 

enhance their ability in protecting their own legitimate rights and interests. A total of 2,955 

employees of the Company participated in the knowledge quiz on the Civil Code. 

Growth of Employees and the Company 

(GRI 404-1, 404-2) 

Being committed to the strategic goal of “building the ideal development platform for 

employees” as its work deployment direction, the training center of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

provides the foundation and guarantee for building a high-quality and high-caliber talent team. 

While continuously expanding the talent pool of high-end professionals, we further push ahead 

talent teambuilding and revitalize existing talents. With the training center as the backbone, 

position competence as the core, and guaranteeing talents for enterprises as the goal, we have 

built five vocational training platforms for employees, namely management, professional 

technology, marketing, production and operation as well as scientific research. We also provide 

continuous and systematic training courses for employees of various positions to accelerate 

their development in Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. In 2020, a total of 710 training sessions were 

held, with a total of 7,319 training hours and an employee attendance of 25,529, covering 

personnel in R&amp;D, technology, quality control, frontline production, marketing, management, 

etc. 



Chinese calligraphy class 


41 |  P a g e  

 

 



In 2020, Mao Yuquan from Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s Medicinal Materials Company was 

elected as a national model worker, Du Ruifeng from Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant was 

elected as a model worker in Tianjin, and Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Jianmin Pharmacy was 

elected as a collective representative of model worker in Tianjin.  

 

 

 

 

Employment Objective and Labor Compliance 

(GRI 406-1, 408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 419-1) 

The Group is committed to being a socially responsible employer. In FY2020, there were no 

incidents of serious discrimination, child labor, forced or compulsory labor and human rights 

violations. The wages and benefits of the employees of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Group Corporation Limited are determined in accordance with the provisions of the signed 

labor contracts and the principle of equal pay for equal work is maintained regardless of gender. 

 

Actual Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Targets 

Performance 

To promote employee development 

In 2020, the training center carried out a series of 

professional skills training programs based on the 

needs of the positions. Participants in the training 

included employees from R&amp;D, technology, quality 

control, 

front-line 

production, 

marketing, 

management, etc. 

To strengthen staff recruitment 

In 2020, 74 new employees were recruited, with end-

to-end recruitment for key positions, to further 

enhance the employee structure, optimize the 

diversified employee teams and improve the level of 

education of employees. 

Zero accident of employee occupational health and 

safety production 

Zero accident of employee occupational health and 

safety production in 2020. 







Mao Yuquan was elected as a 

national model worker 

First National Traditional Chinese Medicine 

Vocational Skills Competition(首届全国中

药传统名堂职业技能竞赛决赛) was held 

at the No.6 Chinese Medicine Plant of 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Training for middle 

management 


42 |  P a g e  

 

 



FY2021 Targets 

FY2021 Targets 

Action Plan  

To promote employee development 

We will further enable the training to cover all 

employees, focus on employee training, promote 

high-level talent training, and provide vocational 

training on management, professional technology, 

marketing, production operation and scientific 

research for employees of different positions. 

To protect employees’ rights and interests 

We determine the remuneration standards in 

accordance with national laws and regulations and 

conduct performance appraisal to ensure that 

employees are entitled to benefits such as equal pay 

for equal work, five types of insurance and 

contribution to the mandatory housing fund, and 

maternity leave for female employees. 

No safety production incident 

We 

will 

strengthen 

the 

investigation 

and 

management 

of 

hidden 

dangers 

and 

safety 

production education and training, aiming for no 

major safety production incidents in 2021. 

Environmental Awareness 

 

The Company regularly monitors the energy consumption in daily operations and effectively 

improves the Company’s environmental protection measures in the long run based on the data 

collected. The management are responsible for the effective implementation of environmental 

protection measures across the departments of the Group. 

In 2021, the Company will continue to improve its level of energy utilization by developing 

the energy management system, carrying out energy conservation assessment and 

implementing energy conservation projects. 

Carbon Management 

(GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5) 

The Company has made positive achievements in energy conservation by improving the energy 

efficiency of equipment and conducting energy audits. We also save water through measures 

such as recycling of steam condensate and reduce energy consumption required by hot water 

supply. 

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing  

The main energy-consuming units in the process of the Company’s pharmaceutical 

manufacturing include Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Plant, Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical 

Plant, No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant, Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant, Xinxin 

Pharmaceutical Plant and Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant. 

 


43 |  P a g e  

 

 



 

Smart dripping pill manufacturing base 

In FY2020, the total energy consumption was 6,785.31 tons of standard coal, representing a 

decrease of 1,410.35 tons of standard coal as compared to 2019. On the one hand, we strictly 

controlled the use of energy and reduced consumption in the production process, implemented 

plant renovation and maintenance by adopting an energy-saving design, selected energy 

efficient equipment, and accomplished the energy saving and consumption reduction plan 

formulated in the previous year. In 2020, the subsidiaries under the Company achieved overall 

energy savings of 139.11 tons of standard coal for the completed projects. On the other hand, 

affected by the outbreak of COVID-19, the Company’s production volume calculability was 

reduced. 

 

Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Plant  






44 |  P a g e  

 

 



In FY2020, Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Plant used cooling towers instead of chillers 

during the transitional seasons to provide cooling source and enhance energy management. The 

cooling towers operated for approximately 45 days during the transitional season throughout 

the year and consumed approximately 5,500 kWh of electricity based on performance 

calculation, while approximately 56,200 kWh of electricity was consumed by using chillers for 

45 days, saving electricity of 50,700 kWh (equivalent to 6.23 tons of standard coal).  

Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant 

To improve production efficiency, save energy and production input, Le Ren Tang 

Pharmaceutical Plant carried out a project to replace with energy saving heat exchangers using 

inlet water condensate. Upon completion of the project, annual energy savings will amount to 

138,900 kwh (equivalent to 17.08 tons of standard coal). 

No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant 

To save energy, in 2020, the Company carried out the renovation of the high energy-

consumption water pumps for air-conditioners and the renovation of the dehumidification for 

the air-conditioning system as part of its efforts in energy-saving facilities renovation and 

energy-saving technological transformation. It is expected that electricity savings of 385,400 

kWh (equivalent to 47.37 tons of standard coal) will be achieved. 

Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Plant 

In FY2020, the Company carried out the replacement of Shui Mi Wan (水蜜丸) dryers and 

introduced the Huoxiang Zhengqi Ruanjiaonang (藿香正气软胶囊) rotary dehumidification 

units, investing RMB1.36 million to purchase two intelligent centrifugal vibrating dryers, and 

RMB0.68 million to purchase the rotary dehumidification units. It is expected that each batch 

of replaced Shui Mi Wan dryers can achieve electricity savings of 1,100 kwh and indirectly 

achieve electricity savings of 19,400 kwh (equivalent to 2.39 tons of standard coal) throughout 

the year. 

Xinxin Pharmaceutical Plant 

In FY2020, the Company invested RMB1.96 million to purchase two high-speed tablet press 

machines to replace the existing aged medium-speed tablet press machines, so as to reduce 

product energy consumption by improving production efficiency. It is expected that the two 

machines can achieve electricity savings of 7,800 kWh (equivalent to 0.96 ton of standard coal) 

directly throughout the year. 

Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant 

In FY2020, the Company invested RMB813,700 in energy-saving technologies and energy-

saving facilities renovation projects, such as vacuum station system control renovation, HECC 

heat pipe renovation for purified air-conditioning installation, air compressor upgrade, and air-

conditioning fresh box upgrade and renovation. Upon completion of these projects, it is 


45 |  P a g e  

 

 



estimated to achieve an annual electricity saving of 529,500 kWh (equivalent to 65.08 tons of 

standard coal). 

Management of Volatile Organic Compounds 

(GRI 305-7) 

In response to the latest Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Boilers (DB12/151-2020) 

implemented in Tianjin in 2020, a special work meeting was held to encourage enterprises to 

optimize the measures to control the boiler exhaust gas emission indicators. At the same time, 

the Company carried out the upgrade and renovation of exhaust gas treatment devices, the 

renovation of laboratory VOCs exhaust gas treatment, and the renovation of dust removal 

devices used during the production processes, actively promoting the prevention and control 

of air pollution. 

In compliance with various environmental protection laws, regulations and deployment 

requirements of the PRC and Tianjin, the Company earnestly implements the supervision and 

management of the production and operation of each enterprise during heavy pollution weather, 

urges all enterprises to adopt the “one enterprise, one policy” measure in accordance with the 

requirements of local environmental protection departments, and formulates the Company’s 

emergency measures. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




46 |  P a g e  

 

 



Water Management 

(GRI 303-1) 

 

As shown in the chart, our gross water consumption in FY2020 was 226,900 m3, as compared 

to 327,500 m3 in 2019. The decline was due to the decrease in water consumption per unit 

production value and the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19. 

Effluent and Waste Management 

(GRI 306-1,306-2, 306-3) 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical actively takes measures to minimize the impact of the Company’s 

business on the environment, and processes wastewater and waste materials generated in the 

production process in compliance with relevant regulations. 

In 2020, the Company successively carried out training on the newly revised Law of the 

People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid 

Waste, the post-pollutant discharge permit management, wastewater treatment technology, soil 

law and soil prevention, project environmental impact assessment and other relevant 

regulations and professional technical knowledge, improving the Company’s emergency 

management system for environmental emergencies and environmental protection system. 

In 2020, in accordance with the requirements of the PRC laws and regulations, the Company 

supervised the application for and compliance with the pollutant discharge permit for 

enterprises. 

Effluent mainly comes from the wastewater and domestic sewage generated from the 

workshops during the production process, and is discharged after meeting the treatment 

standards. The quality of treated effluent shall meet the requirements of the Integrated 

Wastewater Discharge Standard (GB8978-1996). Upon meeting the treatment standards, the 

effluent will be discharged to the municipal sewage pipe network and finally to the municipal 

sewage treatment plant. 




47 |  P a g e  

 

 



Hazardous waste mainly comes from industrial solid waste, which is disposed of by qualified 

hazardous waste treatment plants engaged in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. 

The Company did not have any serious leakage accidents in FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




48 |  P a g e  

 

 



Environmental Objectives and Compliance 

(GRI 307-1) 

In FY2020, the Company did not violate any environmental laws and regulations. To ensure 

strict compliance with environmental laws and regulations and achieve our environmental 

objectives in FY2021, we have reviewed our environmental performance in FY2020 and 

formulated our plan for FY2021. 

Actual Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Targets 

Performance 

To reduce energy consumption by 100 

tons of standard coal 

The Company formulated a complete set of energy management 

system documents, regularly organized meetings to report on the 

use of energy, and strengthened the communication of energy 

management process and the monitoring of the targets; 

The Company upgraded certain production equipment and public 

equipment to improve energy efficiency; 

The Company implemented the intelligent energy online 

monitoring platform project of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

and carried out automatic collection and reporting of energy usage, 

achieving online monitoring of energy usage by the Company. 

The annual energy saving achieved a reduction of 139.11 tons of 

standard coal. 

To improve the level of reasonable water 

consumption 

The Company devoted additional efforts to strengthen water-

saving measures and employees’ awareness of water 

conservation, and increased the management and control of one-

off water consumption, resulting in a year-on-year decrease of 

13.49% in water consumption per RMB10,000 output value. In 

particular, Long Shun Rong renovated the cooling towers to 

increase the use of recycled water, and No. 6 Chinese Medicine 

Plant and Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Plant renovated the 

dehumidification system of air conditioning units to replace the 

existing water circulation dehumidification system, which 

effectively reduced the water consumption and improved the 

level of reasonable water consumption. 

No major environmental leakage 

No significant spills in 2020. 

To continue to regulate wastewater and 

waste discharge 

Wastewater is discharged after meeting the treatment standards. 

Hazardous waste  is disposed of by qualified hazardous waste 

treatment plants engaged in accordance with relevant laws and 

regulations. 

Environmental compliance 

No incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations in 2020. 

Environmental targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Targets 

Action Plan 

To reduce energy consumption by 100 

tons of standard coal. 

The Company will further improve the establishment of the energy 

management system, give play to the role of standardized system 

management and internal and external audit, and improve the level 

of energy management; 

The Company will upgrade certain equipment and facilities to 

improve energy efficiency; 

The Company will improve and add the monitoring points and 

contents to the intelligent energy online monitoring platform of 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical to give full play to the platform’s 

energy saving role. 


49 |  P a g e  

 

 



To improve level of reasonable water 

consumption 

In addition to the existing facilities, each enterprise shall 

reasonably increase the number of measurement instruments, 

strengthen the monitoring of water use, further increase the 

efficiency of water use and improve the level of reasonable water 

consumption. 

No major environmental leakage 

The Company will Improve maintenance and operation of 

equipment and facilities to prevent significant environmental 

spills. 

To continue to regulate wastewater and 

waste discharge 

The Company will Improve emissions inspection for 

environmental pollution.and standardised waste discharge. 

Environmental 

compliance

，

No 

environmental administrative punishment 

incidents occurred 

The Company will strengthen pollutant control and standardize 

environmental management 

Corporate Social Responsibilities 

The Company is committed to improving social welfare. A number of varieties including 

Suxiao Jiuxin Wan (速效救心丸), are under the low-price drug list, which fully satisfy the 

medication needs of most patients. In addition to providing quality pharmaceutical products, 

we also give back to society in other ways to improve people’s quality of life. 

Giving Back to Society 

(GRI 413-1) 

1. Anti-epidemic Efforts 

In 2020, facing the outbreak of COVID-19, the Company has 

taken the health and safety of its employees as priority and strictly 

implemented various anti-epidemic policies introduced by the 

government. The labor union of the Company has always paid 

attention to the health and safety of employees, and purchased 

masks, protective supplies and herbal tea for all employees. 

During the height of the epidemic, work from home arrangements 

were implemented for general employees to increase work 

flexibility, while party cadres took the lead in executing their 

duties to ensure the normal operation of the Company. More than 1,100 party members of the 

Company made voluntary donations of more than RMB0.14 million. 

The Company actively implemented the instructions and 

requirements of the governments at all levels on epidemic 

prevention and control, and effectively grasped the work to 

ensure stability on the six fronts and security in the six areas. The 

Company focused on ensuring the production and supply of 

pharmaceutical products, actively participated in the prevention 

and control of the epidemic and actively supported the Tianjin 

medical team aiding Hubei Province, Haihe Hospital, the public security officers in Binhai 

New District and affiliated entities with anti-epidemic drugs. We also supported the filming of 

the first anti-epidemic stage drama in China name the Love of Angels. 





Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s support to 

fight against the epidemic 

Anti-epidemic stage drama 


50 |  P a g e  

 

 



2. Village-based Assistance 

Since 2013, in response to the work deployment of the municipal party committee and the 

municipal government to help the poor villages, Zhong Xin Company has sent a total of 6 

people in three rounds to the poor villages according to the unified arrangement, and carried 

out assistance work to help the poor villages find projects, such as planting medicinal herbs 

(honeysuckle), chili peppers and other crops. As of December 2020, Zhong Xin Company has 

invested a total of RMB2.505 million in assistance work. 

3. Community Services 

The Company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Tianjin Municipal Bureau 

of Sports to jointly set up the women’s basketball team of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, so as to 

support the comprehensive development of the basketball industry in Tianjin. 

In 2020, during the National Popular Science Day, National Science and Technology Activities 

Week, as well as the Culture and Natural Heritage Day, the Company actively carried out a 

series of online and offline popular science of Chinese medicine culture and intangible cultural 

heritage experience activities. The Company opened to the public Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical’s 

nature and humanity museum, the medicine exhibition hall in Tianjin and the Da Ren Tang 

Chinese medicine culture exhibition hall to actively display the intangible cultural heritage 

skills and “medicine history”, thus enriching the cultural life of residents in the community. 

 

 

 













Online and offline exhibition activities of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 


51 |  P a g e  

 

 



SGX Five Composition Indices 

No. 

Major 

Composition 

Section(s) 

1 

Material Issues 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies, Practices 

and Performance 

Chairman’s Statement 

Sustainable Development Philosophy of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical 

3 

Statement of the 

Board 

Sustainability Management Structure and Board Statement 

4 

Objectives 

Sustainable Development Philosophy of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical 

5 

Reporting 

Framework 

Basis of Preparation of the Report 

GRI Standards Content Indices 

GRI 

Standards 

Description 

Section(s) 

102-1 

Name of organization 

Company Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Company Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Company Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Company Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Company Profile 

102-6 

Markets where services are provided 

Company Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

Company Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Company Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Company Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes in the organization and its supply 

chain 

Company Profile 

102-11 

Early warning principle or approach 

Company Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Company Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Company Profile 

102-14 

Highest organizer statement 

Chairman’s Statement 

102-15 

Key impact, risks and opportunities 

Chairman’s Statement, 

Sustainability 

Development 

Philosophy of Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and behavior norms 

Compliance Operation 

102-17 

Mechanism for advice on ethics and concerns 

Compliance Operation 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability 

Management Structure 

and Board Statement 


52 |  P a g e  

 

 



GRI 

Standards 

Description 

Section(s) 

102-40 

List of stakeholders 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identification and selection of stakeholders 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key issues and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report contents and topic boundaries 

Introduction 

to 

the 

Report 

201-1 

Directly generated and selling economic values  

2020 Annual Report 

202-1 

Ratio of standard starting salary level by gender to local 

minimum wage 

Employee Benefits 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Ongoing Innovation 

205-1 

Operating sites that have conducted corruption risk 

assessments 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training of anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Anti-corruption 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Carbon Management 

302-3 

Energy density 

Carbon Management 

302-4 

Energy consumption reduction 

Carbon Management 

303-1 

Water sourcing by source 

Water Management 

305-2 

Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions 

Carbon Management 

305-4 

GHG emission density 

Carbon Management 

305-5 

GHG emission reduction 

Carbon Management 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOx), Sulphur oxides (SOx) and other 

significant air emissions 

VOCs Management 

306-1 

Total discharge by water quality and destination 

Effluent 

and 

Waste 

Management 

306-2 

Total waste by type and treatment method 

Effluent 

and 

Waste 

Management 

306-3 

Material leakage 

Effluent 

and 

Waste 

Management 

307-1 

Non-compliance 

with 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations 

Environmental 

Objectives and 

Compliance 

401-1 

New employees and employee turnover rate 

Employee Diversity 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees (excluding 

temporary or part-time employees) 

Employee Benefits 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Benefits 


53 |  P a g e  

 

 



GRI 

Standards 

Description 

Section(s) 

403-1 

Worker representatives in the employer/labor joint 

health and safety committee 

Occupational 

Health 

and Safety 

403-2 

Category of work-related injuries, ratio of work-related 

injuries, occupational diseases, working days lost, 

absence from work, etc. 

Occupational 

Health 

and Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

Occupational 

Health 

and Safety 

403-4 

Health and safety issues in the formal agreements with 

labor unions 

Occupational 

Health 

and Safety 

404-1 

Average hours of training per employee per year 

Growth of Employees 

and the Company 

404-2 

Employee skills enhancement program and transition 

assistance program 

Growth of Employees 

and the Company 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development assessments  

Employee Benefits 

405-1 

Diversity of governance authorities and employees 

Employee Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration for male and 

female employees 

Employee Benefits 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Employment Objective 

and Labor Compliance 

408-1 

Operating sites and suppliers with significant risks of 

child labor incidents 

Employment Objective 

and Labor Compliance 

409-1 

Operating sites and suppliers with significant risks of 

forced or compulsory labor 

Employment Objective 

and Labor Compliance 

412-1 

Operating sites subject to human rights review or impact 

assessment 

Employment Objective 

and Labor Compliance 

413-1 

Operating sites with local community engagement, 

impact assessment and development programs 

Giving Back to Society 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts by the 

category of products and services  

Quality Management 

Supplier Management 

416-2 

Non-compliance incidents relating to health and safety 

impacts of products and services 

Product Safety 

Objectives 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service information and 

labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

417-2 

Non-compliance incidents involving product and 

service information and labelling 

Product Safety 

Objectives 

417-3 

Non-compliance incidents involving marketing 

Product Safety 

Objectives 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in social and 

economic aspects 

Product Safety 

Objectives 

Employment Objectives 

and Labor Compliance 

 

 


54 |  P a g e  

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Correspondence address: Zhongxin Mansion,  

No. 17 Baidi Road, Nankai District, Tianjin 

Investor hotline:                  86-022-27020892 

 







