
 

 

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group 

Corporation Limited 

 

 Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 

 




2 | P a g e 

 

Contents 

Chairman’s Message .................................................................................................. 3 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 4 

Our Sustainability Story .............................................................................................. 6 

Compliance Management .......................................................................................... 9 

Structure of Sustainability Management and Statement of the Board ...................... 10 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................... 12 

Basis for Preparation ................................................................................................ 14 

Customer Health and Safety .................................................................................... 16 

Quality Management ............................................................................................. 16 

Marketing and Labelling ........................................................................................ 17 

Managing our Suppliers ........................................................................................ 18 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance .............................................................. 19 

Research and Development ..................................................................................... 20 

Continuing Innovation ........................................................................................... 20 

Our People, Our Assets ........................................................................................... 24 

Occupational Health and Safety ............................................................................ 24 

Our Workforce ....................................................................................................... 25 

Employee Benefits ................................................................................................ 26 

Co-development between the Employees and the Company ............................... 27 

Workforce Targets and Compliance ...................................................................... 28 

Environmental Awareness ........................................................................................ 29 

Carbon Management ............................................................................................ 30 

Volatile Organic Compound Management ............................................................ 31 

Water Management .............................................................................................. 32 

Effluents and Waste Management ........................................................................ 32 

Environmental Targets and Compliance ............................................................... 33 

Corporate Social Responsibility ............................................................................... 34 

Giving Back to Society .......................................................................................... 34 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 35 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 35 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

Chairman’s Message 

Dear Stakeholders, 

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group 

Corporate Limited (“Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical” or “the Company”) and its subsidiaries 

(“the Group”).  

As a highly reputable pharmaceutical supplier that prides itself in the quality and safety of its 

products, ensuring product safety has always been our top priority. We regularly review our 

policies and manufacturing practices, and strictly comply with industrial regulations to ensure 

that our drugs are safe and efficacious for patients. 

Other than ensuring that our products are manufactured and distributed responsibly, we 

market our products ethically. Our business activities strictly comply with national and 

industrial standards on product marketing, labelling and advertising. We establish stringent 

marketing guidelines to ensure that we do not transgress important ethical and legal 

boundaries. 

It is the Group’s belief that technological advancement of its products and production process 

is key to the sustainable development of the business. As such, we have invested significantly 

in our Research and Development (“R&amp;D”) facilities and equipment, as well as 

pharmaceutical products and production technology, to ensure top-grade product performance 

and quality for our customers. 

I would like to extend my appreciation to all stakeholders, for your support to Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical all these years. 

MR LI LI QUN  

Chairman 

 


4 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Profile 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical has a long history and is an advanced, top-rated enterprise well-

known for its innovations in traditional Chinese medicine. Headquartered in China, it was 

listed in Singapore and Shanghai in 1997 and 2001 respectively. 

The Group has eco-friendly Chinese medicine as its core business and integrates production, 

business management and scientific research in its operations. Its business includes R&amp;D and 

manufacturing of Chinese medicines, raw materials and preparations, nutraceuticals and 

numerous pharmaceutical fields. It has a complete industrial and product supply chain and 

talent pool supporting its manufacturing and distribution of Chinese medicine.  

The Company has an extensive network comprising 26 branches, 20 wholly-owned 

companies and 11 investee companies, which builds a strong foundation for the steady 

growth and competitive advantages of our two main business segments, namely Chinese 

medicine and pharmaceutical business. 

Adhering to its development goal of “Inheriting and developing the essence of Chinese 

medicine, and supporting a healthy and quality lifestyle” and its enterprise spirit of 

“inheritance and innovation”, advancement of Chinese medicine dictates the Group’s 

development strategy. Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical is committed to the R&amp;D and 

manufacturing of high-quality and efficacious Chinese medicine. Currently, Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical owns 499 drug approvals for 17 pharmaceutical drugs. Among them, the 

formulation of two Chinese medicines are classified “National Treasures”. The Group’s 

senior consultant and technology centre honorary director, Professor Zhang Chen Gui, is a 

distinguished Chinese medicine expert who innovated the formulation of two medicines, 

namely the Instant Cardio-Reliever Pill and Jing Wan Hong; the formulations of both 

medicines are classified “National highly secret information”. The Group has five Chinese 

medicines that are nationally protected, 94 patented medicines, 601 herbal medicines, 75 

medicines on the National Essential Medicines List (“EML”) and 216 medicines on the 

National Drug Reimbursement List (“NDRL”). The Group is highly regarded in the 

pharmaceutical industry where it has developed a nationwide marketing network. Many of its 

high-quality products are exported to more than 20 countries and regions around the world. 

At present, the Group has one national enterprise technology centre, five municipal-level 

enterprise technology centres, one municipality-level modern technology engineering centre 

on Chinese medicine, one key enterprise laboratory, and a science and technology work 

station for post-doctoral studies approved by the Ministry of Manpower. The Group has 

applied for 1,259 patents for inventions and had 748 invention patents which are effectively 

authorised. It has six well-known Chinese trademarks, namely Da Ren Tang, Le Ren Tang, 

Long Shun Rong, Song Bai, Jing Wan Hong and Bi Qi. It also has four national 

representations and ten Tianjin representations of China’s intangible cultural heritage. 

After years of medical experiments and accumulated experience, the Group has integrated 

and improved equipment and technologies on Chinese medicine to form an integrated modern 

Chinese medicine development platform with unique characteristics. It implements the Good 


5 | P a g e 

 

Aquaculture Practices (“GAP”), Good Laboratory Practices (“GLP”), Good Clinical Practices 

(“GCP”), Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”) and Good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) 

series of standards on a full scale and carries out adequate quality control to ensure product 

safety and quality. 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical will continue to explore the development of Chinese medicine to 

promote the modernisation and internationalisation of Chinese medicine. 

Please refer to our Annual Report for financial year ended 31 December 2019 for more 

detailed information on our organizational profile and financial performance.  


6 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story 

Our Vision 

To advocate “Healthy China”, protect the nation’s health, and be a pioneer of Chinese patent 

medicine 

Our Mission 

To always meet our customers’ health needs 

Sustainability Targets 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical inherits “adhering to quality beliefs and focusing on people's 

health” and aspires to streamline our business operations by optimising our supply chain to 

improve efficiency and conserve resources. The Company will continue to foster and deepen 

its social responsibility awareness and philosophy of sustainable development, while strictly 

complying with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where we operate and 

distribute. We will continue to uphold fine Chinese traditions and balance economic viability 

with sustainability and social progress. 

Below is a summary of the Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the 

reporting period. 

 

Actual Performance in 2019 

2019 Target 

Performance 

Reduce resource usage 

The Company has : 

- 

Formed a regular meeting mechanism for regular reporting on 

energy usage to strengthen communication on energy management 

and target control; 

- 

Upgraded some production equipment and public equipment to 

improve energy efficiency; 

- 

Implemented the comprehensive smart energy project of the Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical Building for carrying out contract energy 

management to achieve energy saving, consumption reduction and 

green smart buildings; 

- 

Achieved a reduction of 233.32 tons of standard coal equivalent in 

the annual energy saving. 

- 

Implemented (by The Sixth Chinese Medicine Plant) a water 

balance test in March. By adjusting the distribution of the pipe 

network, the water resource recycling was improved, and the level 

of water management was improved reasonably. 

Zero leak of waste and 

effluents  

- 

Achieved zero serious leakage incident in 2019. 

Environmental 

compliance 

- 

There was no environmental non-compliance in 2019. 


7 | P a g e 

 

Environmental Targets for 2020 

2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Reduce resource usage 

- 

Implement energy management system, documentation on energy 

management system, and improve energy management; 

- 

Upgrade equipment and facilities to improve energy efficiency; 

- 

Develop Smart Energy Online Monitoring Platform to achieve the 

automatic collection of energy consumption data and real-time 

energy monitoring through the replacement of smart meters and to 

harness the role of energy platform and save energy through the 

statistical analysis of energy consumption data; 

- 

Increase the recycling water equipment to enhance the reasonable 

water utilization level based on existing conditions. 

Continuously regulate 

waste discharge 

- 

Enhance daily operation and maintenance of equipment and 

facilities, and regulate waste discharge 

Environmental 

compliance 

- 

Improve the monitoring of various environmental emission 

indicators 

and 

the 

emergency 

response 

mechanism 

for 

environmental pollution incidents. 

 

Actual Performance in 2019 

2019 Target 

Performance 

Zero incident of 

product safety non-

compliance  

- 

Achieved zero incident of product safety non-compliance. 

Zero incidents of 

marketing and 

labelling non-

compliance  

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance concerning product 

information and labelling for self-manufactured products and third 

party products; 

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communication for self-manufactured products and third party 

products. 

Zero occupational 

health and safety 

incidents 

- 

Achieved zero material safety incident  occurred in 2019. 

Social Targets for 2020 

2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero incident of 

marketing and 

labelling non-

compliance  

- 

Maintain strict implementation of current marketing management, 

standards and process. 

Zero incident of 

product safety non-

compliance  

- 

Strictly comply with the new Drug administration law, GMP, GSP 

and other regulatory requirements, and strictly implement the quality 

management system and work process for drugs by enterprises. 

Zero occupational 

- 

Strengthen the investigation and management of hidden dangers and 

safety production education and training to achieve no material 


8 | P a g e 

 

health and safe 

production incident 

safety accident in 2020. 

Noteworthy Awards 

The Group has won numerous accolades and awards in recognition of its excellence in the 

pharmaceutical business such as: 

• Excellent Enterprise of the 40th National Pharmaceutical Industry for Quality 

Management Activities (2019) 

• Model Tianjin- Outstanding Contribution Enterprise in the 70th Anniversary of the 

PRC (2019) 

• National Model Enterprise with Harmonious Labor Relations (Sixth Chinese 

Medicine Plant, 2019) 

• National High-tech Enterprise 

• National AAA grade Credit Enterprise 

• Top 100 Chinese Pharmaceutical Industry Enterprises 

• Top 5 Exporting Chinese Patent Medicine Enterprises 

• Top 20 Most Competitive Pharmaceutical Listed Companies in China 

• Top 100 Comprehensive Strengths of Industrial Enterprises in China's Chemical and 

Pharmaceutical Industry 

 

 


9 | P a g e 

 

Compliance Management 

Anti-corruption 

(GRI 205 -1, 205-2, 205-3) 

The Group strictly forbids any form of corruption in the course of business. All business 

leaders and associates are informed and educated on the Group’s zero tolerance for 

corruption, and have signed the “Commitment on Anti-Commerce Bribery by Business 

Leaders” to strengthen employee’s sense of integrity. The Company formulates the self-

inspection and self-correction work plan for the risk prevention and control every year. The 

Company's 14 wholly-owned and controlled branch companies, subsidiaries and departments 

carried out self-inspection and self-correction on the responsibilities, business processes, 

systems and mechanisms and other aspects, in order to effectively prevent the occurrence of 

various types of corrupt practices. At the same time, the Company actively carried out 

warning education on typical cases through the use of platforms such as enterprise internal 

journals, official websites of companies and their affiliates, public accounts and spectaculars 

to publish articles on integrity education and warning education. In 2019, the Company 

received no report of corruption. 

We promise that in the event of a probable corruption incident, we will conduct independent 

investigations promptly where required, followed by the implementation of mitigating 

measures to prevent a recurrence. 

Whistle-blowing Policy 

The Group has a mailbox and phone line designated for whistle-blowing purposes, and there 

is anti-corruption staff handling whistle-blowing reports at all times. The Group deals with all 

kinds of whistle-blowing reports according to the Administrative Measures on Discipline 

Inspection, Supervision and Reporting Procedures of Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Group Corporation Limited 

Interested Party/Persons Transactions 

The Group has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transactions with interested 

persons and established procedures for the review and approval of such transactions. All 

interested person transactions will be properly documented and submitted to the Audit 

Committee for quarterly review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, 

on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the shareholders.  

In 2019, there were two categories of interested person transactions. For the first category, 

the Company had daily transactions with the interested parties, such as purchasing and selling 

goods. These transactions were conducted in accordance with the General Mandate approved 

by shareholders at the annual general meeting. As such, these transactions were compliant 

with SGX listing requirements. For the second category, the Company signed a financial 

services agreement with interested party Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Finance Co., Ltd. 

based on the principle of “Equal Choice, Mutual Benefit and Development and Win-win”. 

The agreement is valid from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020. Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group 


10 | P a g e 

 

Finance Co., Ltd. provides financial services such as settlement and intermediary business 

services, deposit services and credit business. The transactions were reviewed and approved 

at the 2017 first extraordinary general meeting on 30 June 2017.  

Dealing in Securities 

The Group has adopted and implemented policies in line with the best practices of Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) regarding the dealing of shares of the 

Company. The Group has advised Directors and all key executives not to deal in the 

Company’s shares during the period commencing one month prior to the announcement of 

the Company’s interim, half-yearly and full-year results and ending on the date of the 

announcement of the results. The Group also recommends its Directors and officers not to 

deal in the Company’s securities based on short-term considerations. 

Structure of Sustainability Management and Statement of the Board 

At Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, sustainability is prioritised at the board level. We have 

established a Sustainability Task Force chaired by the secretary of the Board and comprised 

of persons-in-charge of departments to implement and manage the Company’s sustainability 

measures. 

The Board incorporates sustainability issues into the operation strategies of the Company. 

The Board reviews and approves the material economic, environmental and social issues 

identified by the Sustainability Task Force, and ensures that the issues identified are well-

managed and monitored by the Task Force. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our 2019 Annual Report for more 

information on corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

Board Diversity 

(GRI 405-1) 

 




11 | P a g e 

 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical values employee diversity at all levels of the organization. In 

2019, the proportion of female Board members declined as a result of normal change of work 

positions. In addition, the Board had two Singaporean independent directors. We believe that 

a diverse board would allow the directors to give full play to their capabilities in the corporate 

governance and help create a working atmosphere of fair competition and mutual respect in 

our Group, thus ultimately enhancing the Group’s performance. 

 

 


12 | P a g e 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

The Company believes that sustainable growth is dependent on meeting and exceeding the 

expectations of its key stakeholders, for which we had identified material issues based on 

their importance to stakeholders. We engage in meaningful and productive dialogues with our 

stakeholders to understand their needs and actively participate in various industry and 

government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues. 

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact on or could be impacted 

by our operations. The following table summarises our key stakeholders under such 

definition, engagement platforms and their key concerns: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

platforms 

Key concerns 

Read more in the 

following sections 

Customers and 

consumers 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Product quality 

feedback 

• 

Quality and safety of 

products 

• 

Certificate of 

pharmaceutical 

product (“CPP”) 

• 

Compliance with 

local health and 

safety regulations 

• 

Compliance with 

local marketing and 

labelling regulations 

• 

Product Health and 

Safety 

• 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

Employees 

• 

Performance 

appraisal system 

• 

Employee health and 

safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff benefits 

• 

Compliance with 

local labour laws 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Suppliers 

• 

Suppliers 

assessment 

• 

Product quality and 

compliance 

• 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

Governments 

and 

industrial/stan

dard 

associations 

• 

Quarterly 

announcements on 

SGX 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Sustainability 

reporting 

• 

Communication 

meetings on 

government policy  

• 

Compliance with 

industrial 

requirements 

• 

Environmental 

compliance 

• 

Employee Health 

and Safety 

• 

Product Health and 

Safety 

• 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

• 

Social Compliance 

Community 

• 

Engagement in 

community services 

• 

Environmental impact 

• 

Social development 

• 

Giving Back to 

Society 

• 

Environmental 

Awareness 


13 | P a g e 

 

Shareholders 

and investors 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Investor relations 

management 

• 

Annual general 

meetings 

• 

Financial result of the 

Company 

• 

Anti-corruption 

• 

Anti-corruption and 

Anti-commercial 

Bribery 

• 

Product Health and 

Safety  

 

 


14 | P a g e 

 

Basis for Preparation 

This sustainability report published by the Company was prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards’ “ Core” option, covering Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical’s performance on sustainability during the reporting period from 1 January 

2019 to 31 December 2019. 

The GRI Standards we chose as reporting framework is a globally-accepted reporting 

standard for sustainability, which presents the topics from the economic, environmental and 

social aspects. This report also complies with the “Comply or Explain” requirements on 

sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the SGX Listing Manual. 

Neither the GRI Standards nor the SGX Listing Manual requires external assurance on report. 

The Group’s Sustainability Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not required as 

the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year. 

This report supplements the Group’s 2019 Annual Report. Detailed section reference for GRI 

Standards can be found at the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report. 

The Company’s material topics were identified based on their impacts on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. Material topics 

and boundaries identified in this report are set out as follows: 

Material Topics  

Boundaries (i.e. segment, country or subsidiary)  

ECONOMIC 

Market Presence 

The Group 

Indirect Economic Impacts 

Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Energy 

Manufacturing 

Water 

Emissions 

Effluents and Waste 

Environmental Compliance 

The Group  

SOCIAL 

Employment 

The Group  

Occupational Health and Safety 

Group-wide including manufacturing  

Training and Education 

The Group  

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Non-discrimination 


15 | P a g e 

 

Child Labour 

Forced or Compulsory Labour 

Human Rights Assessment 

Local Communities 

Customer Health and Safety 

Manufacturing and distribution (includes distribution of 

self-manufactured and third party products)  

Marketing and Labelling 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

The Group 

 

 

 


16 | P a g e 

 

Customer Health and Safety  

At Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, serving public health with nutritional and health products and 

services is our top priority. We endeavour to produce consistent, quality products and we 

enforce strict quality control to ensure product health and safety. We are very interested in the 

application of state-of-the-art technology, and work closely with our suppliers, customers, 

government departments and research institutions to ensure our products are of satisfactory 

quality.  

Quality Management  

（GRI 416-1） 

The Group strictly complies with the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China 

on Drug Administration and GMP. Eight industrial enterprises under Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical have obtained the Chinese GMP certification. 

Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Factory, Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory, Le Ren 

Tang Pharmaceutical Factory and No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant passed the annual audit of 

ISO10012 measurement management system. Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Factory 

achieved AAA stage “Certificate of Conformity for Measurement Management System” of 

the State. 

In 2019, five Zhong Xin pharmaceutical manufacturers were awarded the Tianjin 

Pharmaceutical Production A-level Enterprise (Reliable Medicine Factory). In addition, a 

total of 12 quality control circles of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical won the first prize in the 

national pharmaceutical industry. The Group was acclaimed as an "Exemplary Enterprise of 

Good Product Quality” for the 40th Anniversary Quality Management Team Activities 

Organized by China Pharmaceutical Quality Management Association (QC)”. In 2019, 2 

projects of the Company won third prizes in the Tianjin Quality Excellence Competition. 

Manufacturing 

 

We have established a comprehensive quality management system covering all aspects of 

GMP, and we encourage our affiliates to strictly implement the same quality management 

standards for pharmaceutical production. The Group strictly implements our quality 

management system and establishes responsibility over product quality. We have enhanced 

Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical's 

Quality Control Policy

Serving public health is our top priority

Consistent quality products and strict quality control

Use of latest technology

Close collaborations with suppliers, customers, government 

agencies and research institutions to maintain progress

Strict compliance with international GMP, domestic GMP and 

drug regulations

Pay close attention to environmental protection


17 | P a g e 

 

quality monitoring and data analysis on key aspects of the production process, and we 

identify quality and safety hazards in a timely manner to prevent product accidents.  

According to established work plans and for prevention and control of problems and risks, 

The Group assigns senior quality management staff every year to conduct internal audits and 

random checks on the quality standards of its subsidiaries. Through the internal audits, 

enterprises are required to strictly implement quality management standards for 

pharmaceuticals, reduce quality hazards in the production process, and ensure that our 

pharmaceuticals are of satisfactory quality. This ensures the safety and effectiveness of 

patients' medications.  

Distribution (Includes distribution of self-manufactured products and third party products) 

In 2019, our subsidiaries renewed their Pharmaceutical Trade Licenses which are within 

validity period. To safeguard our product quality management at a group level, all 

wholesalers and retailers engaged by our affiliates are required to comply with national GSP 

regulations. 

In 2019, ten pharmaceutical stores belonging to the Group were rated “Tianjin A-level 

assured pharmacies”, and three of them were named “Tianjin Exemplary Pharmaceutical 

Retail Enterprise” in 2019.  

Marketing and Labelling  

（GRI 417-1) 

The Group has stepped up efforts in operation compliance and requires front-line marketing 

staff to strictly implement legal, compliant and ethical marketing practices. Our subsidiaries 

and associates implement "Code of Conduct for Drug Promotion" and proper marketing 

regulations, and we heavily penalise any non-compliant marketing activities that take place at 

our enterprises.  

Distribution of Self-manufactured Products 

We comply strictly with local regulations regarding marketing and labelling for of all our 

products, as we strongly believe in being truthful and transparent with our consumers, in 

keeping with our reputation as a pharmaceutical supplier. 

In 2019, the Company relied on scientific research results to carry out promotion in the 

academia and expand sales to end customers. At the same time, the Company strengthened 

the control of Contract Sales Outsourcing(CSO) companies, revised the related management 

system and oversaw its implementation. Pursuant to the “Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

Group Print Media Advertising Policy”, the Group standardises the product advertising 

activities of its subsidiaries and provides clarity on the advertising process. All advertising 

contents are required to comply with China’s Advertising Laws and have to be submitted to 

the relevant management departments for approval prior to release to ensure regulatory 

compliance of our marketing activities.  


18 | P a g e 

 

All medicines manufactured by the Group have a legal drug approval, and our drug labelling 

practices strictly comply with the requirements of the “Drug Instructions and Label 

Management” regulations (Order No. 24) under the State Food and Drug Administration.  

Distribution of Third-party Products 

The third party medicines distributed by Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical are procured from 

qualified and certified suppliers. During the first qualification examination, the labels of the 

procured medicines were examined to ensure that the medicines were in compliance with the 

“Drug Instructions and Label Management” regulations (Order No. 24) under the State Food 

and Drug Administration as well as drug quality standards. 

Managing our Suppliers  

(GRI 416-1) 

At Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical, we placed emphasis on the quality of all our manufactured 

and distributed products. As such, we go through rigorous and stringent checks, and uphold 

high standards when assessing our suppliers to ensure high product quality. 

Manufacturing  

We adopt an electronic procurement system to streamline our supplier selection process. 

Based on the principle of best quality for the lowest price, suppliers are comprehensively 

assessed according to seven factors, namely capacity, capital, delivery, controls, return policy 

and contracts. All suppliers are evaluated by the management before engagement, 

establishing an accountable and objective supplier selection process.  

We select suppliers that have competitive advantages in the supply of raw materials and 

Chinese herbs to ensure that we have competitive advantages in terms of our supply chain. 

Distribution of Third-party Products 

We adopt a collaborative supply chain information platform, and constantly establish 

innovative business ideas, clear business principles and effective business strategies to 

provide our customers with comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution, value-adding and 

logistic services. Pharmaceutical companies in the Group actively responded to market 

changes brought about by the "two invoices' system" and " quantity-specific procurement" 

and other policies, extended cooperation with suppliers and customers, optimized product 

varieties and procure higher sales in the end markets. In addition to maintaining its 

advantageous market position in established regions, the Company is actively exploring new 

markets. In 2019, our pharmaceutical companies started to innovate their business models by 

expanding the O2O model. 

Our procurement officers are kept abreast on the latest market information on pharmaceutical 

product quality and adverse drug reactions to prevent the Group from procuring products of 

adverse quality. In order to ensure the quality and safety standards of our distributed products, 

we only procure from reputable pharmaceutical suppliers with high quality and good value. 


19 | P a g e 

 

We are also more stringent in the evaluation of suppliers whose products are prone to 

problems during drug sampling.   

We conduct an annual assessment of our existing suppliers to assess their operations and 

trustworthiness, as well as an overall analysis of their product sales to ensure the product 

quality of our suppliers and the profitability of our distribution business.  

Product Safety Targets and Compliance  

(GRI 416-2, 417-2, 417-3, 419-1) 

In 2019, there was no incidence of non-compliance violating relevant laws on product safety 

nor any incidents violating relevant laws on marketing and information dissemination. 

In order to maintain strict compliance with product safety regulations and achieve our 

product safety targets in 2020, we have reviewed our performance in 2019 and developed an 

action plan for 2020. 

Product Safety Performance in 2019 

2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incident of 

marketing and labelling 

non-compliance 

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance concerning product 

information and labelling for self-manufactured products and third 

party products 

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications for self-manufactured products and third party 

products 

Zero incident of product 

safety non-compliance  

- 

Achieved zero product safety non-compliance 

Product Safety Targets for 2020 

2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero marketing and 

labelling compliance 

incident 

- 

Maintain strict compliance with marketing and labeling policies, 

practices and measures 

Zero product safety 

incident 

- 

Continue to comply with the Drug Administration Law, other 

regulations and requirements including GMP and GSP,  strictly 

implement the Group’s product quality management system and 

workflow 

 

 

 


20 | P a g e 

 

Research and Development 

Essential medicines are medicines that satisfy the medical and health needs of the population. 

They are selected with due regard to public health relevance, evidence on efficacy and safety, 

and comparative cost-effectiveness. The EML applies to both Chinese and Western 

medicines, and focuses on medicines for common diseases and chronic diseases, especially 

major diseases and drugs for the elderly, women and children. The EML is applicable to 

medical and health institutions at all levels. As such, we endeavour to put our medicines on 

the EML for the opportunity to serve the community. 

As at December 2019, the 2018 National EML is the latest edition, and it includes 75 Chinese 

patent medicines and 601 Chinese herbal medicines manufactured and distributed by Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical.  

Continuing Innovation  

GRI 203-2 

1.Technology Centres 

We have one national enterprise technology centre, Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group 

Co., Ltd. Technology Centre (“Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Centre”) and five 

Municipal Enterprise Technology Centres.  

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Centre 

At the Technology Centre there are highly-advanced equipment such as ultra-performance 

liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometer (“UPLC-MS/MS”), gas chromatography-

mass spectrometer (“GC-MS”), atomic absorption spectrometer, automated mercury 

analysers and medium pressure liquid chromatography (“MPLC”) systems. We also have 

advanced experimental and small-scale equipment from countries such as Germany, Japan, 

Singapore and Denmark to further develop the technical capabilities of the Group. 

The research team comprises researchers with diverse academic backgrounds and professions, 

where nearly 30% of the front-line researchers possess masters or doctoral degrees. In 

addition, we have technical committees, expert advisory committees and post-doctoral 

research stations to facilitate and execute the R&amp;D of our technologies. Over the years, 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Centre has undertaken numerous major projects for 

the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Science and 

Technology to research on new drug projects. Extensive, prompt and high-quality product 

researches are also provided for internal and external parties. Many of the Chinese medicine 

chemical reference substances it developed have been adopted and used by prestigious 

international organisations including European Pharmacopeia Commission. Notably, Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical Research Centre was accredited by China National Accreditation Service 

for Conformity Assessment (“CNAS”) and its inspection and test reports comply with 

international standards and are widely accepted in the international arena.  


21 | P a g e 

 

After years of development, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Technology Centre has gradually 

transformed into an important technology platform for the Group to develop new medicines 

and intellectual property rights. This is one of our core strengths which ensures and propels 

the Group’s technological advancement. 

Municipal Enterprise Technology Centres 

Our municipal enterprise technology centres have modern analytical equipment and solid 

preparation pilot test equipment that can adapt to the needs of new drug R&amp;D, drug analysis 

and testing, such as high-performance liquid chromatography (“HPLC”) systems, gas 

chromatographs, 

evaporative 

light 

scattering 

detectors 

(“ELSDs”), 

thin-layer 

chromatographic scanners and UV spectrophotometers. They are able to meet multiple 

purposes such as development of new drugs, process and standard research as well as drug 

analysis and testing, Researches are mainly focused on new drug R&amp;D and secondary 

development of our key products.  

We are committed to the development of our R&amp;D teams, and they are technically skilled, 

diverse and innovative. 

We invest significantly in collaborations with Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese 

Medicine and other research institutes, and established a close technical cooperation 

relationship with scientific research institutes through the Ministry of Science and 

Technology and the Tianjin Science and Technology Innovation Project.  

Through the R&amp;D of new products, we expand our product variety, and improve on our key 

products through secondary development. We aim to accelerate the commercialization of 

scientific research results and focus on enhancing intellectual property protection in the 

course of new technology development. Our Reassessment Project for Weichang An Wan 

Series won the third prize of the 2019 Tianjin Science and Technology Advancement Award 

2. Development of Equipment and Technology 

The Group’s main products are traditional Chinese medicine products and there are 17 

dosage forms of our products, including tablets and pills. In order to ensure product quality 

and improve production efficiency, we focus on developing leading technologies and 

introducing advanced equipment for the manufacturing of Chinese medicine.  

In 2019, Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Factory purchased a new boiling granulator. The 

production capacity of this equipment reaches 200kg / can. The equipment adopts HMI man-

machine interface operation, frequency conversion speed control, and has the functions of top 

spray granulation and granule drying. The characteristic of this equipment is that the material 

is transported in a completely sealed manner, and the feeding and discharging of materials are 

performed in a sealed vacuum conveying structure. Therefore, leakage of dust is avoided 

while labor work is reduced. 

Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory purchased 2 pill machines. The equipment adopts PLC 

programmable controller and HMI human-machine interface touch screen control to realize 


22 | P a g e 

 

automatic production, improve the uniformity of pills, achieve 98% of one-time uniformity of 

pills more than, improve production efficiency and one-time pass rate. In addition, Le Ren 

Tang Pharmaceutical Factory has installed two BGB-150D high-efficiency coating machines 

and one BGB-75D high-efficiency coating machine for the coating processes for product 

series such as Tongmai Yangxin Wan and Weichang An Wan. This type of equipment is 

composed of a PLC programmable controller and HMI man-machine interface to form a 

control system which realizes a three-tier system of authorization, conforms to GMP 

requirements, improves product quality and reduces production wastage. 

The Sixth Chinese Medicine Plant purchased two filling machines for the filling process of 

Suxiao Jiuxin Wan, and purchased a drip pilling machine for the drip pilling process of 

Qingyan Di Wan. The filling equipment features accurate pill count and fast filling speed, 

which can meet the filling requirements of the company's dripping pills. The drip pilling 

equipment increases the number of drippers, so that the production capacity is improved. 

Process parameters are set through touch screen, and the operation of work station is 

controlled by the PLC. It features easy observation, high production efficiency, easy cleaning, 

and automatic operation. 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Factory has upgraded the capacity of the extraction workshop. 

The modified multi-functional extraction tank and double-effect concentrator are suitable for 

atmospheric decoction, pressure decoction, warm immersion, heat reflux, forced circulation 

and percolation, aromatic oil extraction and organic solvent recovery process. The upgraded 

facility carries the benefits of energy saving, environmental protection, lower production cost 

and improved efficiency. 

Xinxin Pharmaceutical Plant purchased a Feite tablet press machine. This machine has a 

maximum production capacity of 700,000 tablets per hour and uses a control software 

program independently developed by Feite. The equipment is significantly better than 

ordinary tablet press machines in terms of transmission, pressurization, filling, feeding, punch 

guides and control systems. The machine is equipped with multiple imported precision sensor, 

and is capable of high-speed real-time data processing, ensuring that each punch can be 

measured at multiple points. The measured value is thus more accurate, the product quality is 

more stable and at the same time scrap rate is reduced amid an improved production 

efficiency, resulting in effective pollution control. The machine adopts Feite's patented 

revolve table full replacement technology, which can directly replace revolve table with clean 

one, which cut down cleaning time of the tablet press machine when changing batches and 

varieties, and enhanced the utilization rate of the machine. 

The Group values the development of our existing pharmaceutical manufacturing processes, 

and endeavours to achieve our goal of “guaranteed quality, reduced costs and increased 

efficiency” through process development. In 2019, a total of 11 process improvements were 

implemented, and five process improvement projects have been completed. Through process 

improvement, Da Ren Tang reduced the working hours for the production of Qingfei Xiaoyan 

Wan by 60 hours. Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Factory increased the content of Coptis 

chinensis extract and the stability of Scutellaria baicalensis extract 


23 | P a g e 

 

3. Collaboration with Universities and Research Institutions 

The Group has always valued education and R&amp;D. As such, we conduct regular research 

collaborations with university research institutions on pharmaceutical raw materials to 

enhance the medical value of our products. 

The Group collaborated with Zhejiang University to conduct in-depth research on the 

pharmacodynamics and mechanism of Tongmai Yangxin Pill to improve ventricular 

remodelling. The Group conducted an in-depth study on key pathological links related to 

Tongmai Yangxin Pill ’s intervention in the ventricular remodelling process. Taking Tongmai 

Yangxin Pill as the research subject, under the guidance of Chinese medicine theory, study on 

the efficacy of Tongmai Yangxin Pill was made through a number of means such as 

molecular biology technology, cells and comprehensive animal models. The study confirmed 

the efficacy and mechanism of action in enhancing ventricular remodelling, thus providing 

experimental basis for Tongmai Yangxin Pill to raise its technological content and market 

competitiveness and for clinical application. 

The Group cooperated with the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University 

and Beijing Ditan Hospital to carry out a multi-center clinical study on Weichang An Wan’s 

effect on gastrointestinal reactions after chemotherapy for cancer prevention and treatment. 

The results show that: the joint application of Weichang An Wan and tropisetron has 

synergistic effects on gastrointestinal reactions. The combination of the two can improve the 

therapeutic effect of gastrointestinal reactions caused by chemotherapy and reduce the 

adverse reactions caused by tropisetron itself. 

The Group cooperated with the First Affiliated Hospital of Tianjin University of Traditional 

Chinese Medicine to carry out the pharmacodynamics and acute toxicity test research of 

Qingfei Xiaoyan Wan's pediatric medicine. The results show that Qingfei Xiaoyan Wan has 

extremely low toxicity and has high clinical safety in pediatric applications, providing a 

theoretical basis for the application of Qingfei Xiaoyan Wan in pediatric medication. 

The Group cooperated with Tianjin University to carry out research on improving the effect 

of Jinqi Jiangtang Tablets on diabetes associated with hypertension. Through the study of 

joint application of Jinqi Jiangtang tablets and different types of hypertension drugs (calcium 

channel blockers, angiotensin Ⅱ receptors) Antagonists, diuretics) on the insulin sensitivity 

and blood pressure regulation of fructose-induced insulin resistance hypertensive rats,  a 

theoretical basis has been established for the clinical use of Jinqi Jiangtang tablets combined 

with antihypertensive drugs to treat diabetes with hypertension. 

4. Newly developed drugs beneficial to the pharmaceutical industry 

The Group is committed to the enterprise spirit of “inheritance and innovation” and we 

strongly encourage and invest in our R&amp;D staff to promote active innovation. We are 

currently researching on a new drug that tonifies the lungs, jointly developed by the Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical Research Centre and Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical factory. Under 

China’s Drug Registration, the pharmaceutical compounding preparation of this drug is not 

marketed in China and is used in the treatment of the stable phase of chronic obstructive 


24 | P a g e 

 

pulmonary disease (“COPD”).  We have obtained clinical approval for the drug in September 

2014 and are currently in Phase II of the clinical research. This research project is funded by 

the Group’s Science and Technology Innovation Project, and received support from the 

Tianjin New Drug Creation Technology Special Project in 2015. It was also considered a 

national major new drug creation project in 2017. In 2019, all medical records were admitted. 

At present, the clinical treatment of COPD in the stable period mainly relies on Western 

medicine. The main drugs for treatment are bronchodilators, glucocorticoids, expectorants, 

etc., However, the side effects are largely due to long-term application, and costs are high, 

causing substantial negative burden for the society and economy. Besides, repeated infections 

of patients cannot be avoided, which may result in worsening of the disease and eventually 

pulmonary heart disease. This in turn erodes patients’ quality of life and even endangers their 

lives. In recent years, the use of traditional Chinese medicine on the treatment of COPD has 

received extensive attention, and its safety and effectiveness have also been clinically 

recognized. Through syndrome differentiation and treatment of traditional Chinese medicine, 

it can effectively alleviate chronic cough, sputum, dyspnoea and other symptoms, and also 

improve a patient's immunity, nutritional status, and overall disease resistance. It reduces 

recurrence and aggravation of the disease, thereby promoting a patient’s recovery from the 

disease and ultimately improving the patient’s quality of life. 

The prescription of the new drug is composed of Codonopsis, Angelica, Cornus, and Ephedra, 

etc. It has the functions of tonifying the lung and spleen, benefiting the kidney and relieving 

asthma, and removing stasis and phlegm. It is a Chinese herbal compound which has been 

developed following studies of a large volume of clinical data for the treatment of chronic 

obstructive pulmonary disease in stable period and chronic bronchial asthma. When the new 

drug is released in the market, it will fill the gap in the current stable COPD treatment using 

Chinese patent medicines, and improve the wellbeing of patients with the disease. 

Our People, Our Assets 

The Company is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of our staff. We value 

and fairly compensate the contributions of all our staff. We strive for zero fatal accident at all 

manufacturing sites and have implemented measures to ensure employees’ health and safety. 

Occupational Health and Safety 

(GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4) 

The Company has always adhered to the policy of “put safety and prevention first with 

comprehensive management”, and puts the occupational health and safety of our employees 

first. The Company endeavours to implement laws and regulations related to safety 

production, and fully implements various safety production requirements. 

The Company supervises all affiliated companies to strictly implement the responsibility of 

safety production in according with the safety production responsibilities and annual safety 

production target. In 2019, we entered into safety production responsibility letters with the 

party and government leaders of the Company's affiliated companies, which required 


25 | P a g e 

 

affiliated companies to sign safety production responsibility letters with departments, teams, 

and individuals. They included the inspection results into the annual assessment through 

safety spot checks, mutual checks and inspection to monitor their safety production practices. 

The Company holds regular workplace safety meetings to communicate and implement 

safety measures established by the senior management. 

The Company establishes a safety production risk evaluation system. Based on the safety 

production standardization system, the Company implements the safety production risk 

evaluation system of Zhong Xin, evaluates the safety production status of the Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical and its affiliated companies, and makes safety production management more 

scientific and targeted. In addition, the Company also continuously strengthens emergency 

management, continuously increases investment in safety production, innovates safety 

production management models, and improves safety production management. The Company 

strives to build a long-term safety production mechanism and sets the bottom line thinking. 

Taking into account the actual situation, the Company has continuously strengthened the 

implementation of responsibility and safety production system through supervision and 

inspection and professional assessment. The leadership team carries out safety production 

inspections. The safety technology department teamed up with the safety management 

experts committee of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical to conduct in-depth safety inspections and 

mutual inspections of the affiliated companies, and to investigate and reform the discovered 

safety hazards, and eliminate in a timely manner to ensure safe production. 

We maintained production safety at a stable level and in a favourable trend in 2019. 

In 2019, the major injury rate, lost days, work-related fatalities, serious fires and explosions 

and major mechanical failure accident were 0%. No worker was found to be engaged in high-

risk occupations or at high risk of diseases. 

Our Workforce 

(GRI 401-1, 405-1) 

The Company treats all employees fairly and does not discriminate against gender or age in 

staff employment. The Company strictly abides by the principle of equal work for equal pay. 

Our employee diversity is a major force in driving change and innovation in the Company. 

In FY2019, our total staff strength stood at 4,720 employees. A total of 157 employees were 

hired, equivalent to a new hire rate of 3.33%. The graph below shows the gender and age 

distribution of the Company’s employees. 


26 | P a g e 

 

 

Note: According to China's prevail policy, the retirement age of male employees is 60 years 

old, retirement age of female workers is 50 years old, and the retirement age of female 

employees in the management position is 55 years old. As such, most female employees over 

50 years old have retired, resulting in a higher male-to-female ratio for employees above 50 

years old. 

Employee Benefits 

(GRI 202-1, 401-2, 401-3, 404-3, 405-2) 

The Company ensures that our employees are rewarded with competitive wages and benefits 

in line with industry standards. The wages for our employees are well above the minimum 

wages standard in Tianjin. The Company implements performance management for 

employees, and implements various forms of regular performance appraisal according to the 

nature and type of employees’ positions, to ensure that they are compensated fairly based on 

their contributions. 

In addition, all employees are entitled to a range of benefits, including pension funds, medical 

insurance, work-related injury insurance, childbirth insurance, unemployment insurance and 

housing accumulation funds. 

In 2019, a total of 52 employees were entitled to maternity leave. After the maternity leave 

expires, the Company continues to use them, and the return-to-work rate is 100%. 

In order to fully mobilize the enthusiasm of employees and share the achievements of our 

enterprise development with employees, the Company continuously improves its 

remuneration system and incentive mechanism. With the performance growth, the Company 




27 | P a g e 

 

ensures the corresponding increase in the employees’ salary level, and at the same time, 

actively enriches the employees' cultural and sports life, and ensures the implementation of 

assistance to employees in need. 

The trade union of the Company subsidises more than 200,000 CNY to the trade unions of 

our subsidiaries every year to fund their establishment of employees' cultural activity centre. 

The trade union carries out activities such as a chorus video competition to celebrate the 70th 

anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, a fishing contest for 

employees and a party for single employees, and making love umbrellas for various 

enterprises to enrich and care for employees' lives. It further promotes the construction of a 

mobile APP service platform for our trade union, and currently the APP usage rate has 

exceeded 90%, establishing a new work pattern of hierarchical management and integration 

linkage. 

Combining with the actual system, the trade union of the Company has purchased two mutual 

insurances from the city's trade union for all employees for two consecutive years, 

approximately 480,000 CNY. Since 2013, the Company has continuously amended and 

improved the Administrative Measures for Helping Employees in Need of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical (《中新药业困难职工帮扶工作管理办法》), clarified identification 

standards for employees in need, established files for employees in need, implemented the 

dynamic management, increased efforts in assistance and strived to achieve precise assistance. 

As of December 2019, our trade union has assisted more than 890 employees in need, and 

funded a total of 4.45 million CNY, making employees in need really feel the warmth of the 

organization and the care of the enterprise.  

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Limited implements performance 

management for employees, and implements various forms of regular performance appraisal 

according to the nature and type of their positions. Among them, the annual remuneration 

appraisal is carried out for the senior management personnel, while the management 

performance appraisal, physical appraisal and sales performance appraisal are carried out for 

the management personnel, sales personnel and production personnel according to positions. 

 

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Limited implements the principle of 

equal work for equal pay for employees’ wages and benefits, regardless of gender, in 

accordance with the provisions of the signed labor contract 

Co-development between the Employees and the Company 

（GRI 404-1, 404-2） 

The Company attaches great importance to the construction of talent team, and facilitates the 

growth of its employees in Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical through the combination of training 

centre and the positions. Relying on the training center, taking job competence as the core, 

and providing talent assurance for the Company as the goal, we have built five professional 

training platforms in respect of management, professional technology, marketing, production 

operation and scientific research for the employees, and provided ongoing systematic training 

programmes for employees of different positions. 


28 | P a g e 

 

Taking the strategic goal of "Distinguished Employee Development Platform" as the 

direction of work deployment and by virtue of the training center, Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical 

has made full use of the knowledge management platform and focused on the construction of 

training pattern of Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical with the training centre as the carrier, to 

provide foundation and guarantee for constructing a high-quality and high-level talent team. 

Tianjin Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Limited further promotes the 

construction of its talent team, revitalizes the existing talents, builds five professional training 

platforms in respect of management, professional technology, marketing, production 

operation and scientific research for its employees by relying on the training center, taking 

position competence as the core, and providing talent assurance for the Company as the goal, 

while continuing to increase the reserve and stock of advanced talents and provides ongoing 

systematic training programmes for employees of different positions, so as to facilitate the 

growth of employees in Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical. In 2019, taking into account the position 

requirements, the training center carried out a series of professional skills training. 

Participants of this training included various personnel involved in research and development, 

technology, quality, production line, marketing, management, etc. 

This ensures that the Company has a pool of skilled talents, which is vital to our development 

in the pharmaceutical industry.  

The Group has conducted 791 training courses for a total of 15,598 person-times throughout 

2019, and total training hours amounted to 8,254 hours. 

Workforce Targets and Compliance 

（GRI 406-1, 408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 419-1） 

The Group endeavours to be a socially responsible employer. There was no incidence of 

discrimination, child labour, forced or compulsory labour and human rights violation in 2019.  

In order to maintain strict compliance with labour laws and regulations and achieve our 

workforce targets in 2020, we have reviewed the effectiveness of our workforce strategies in 

2019 and developed an action plan for 2020. 

Workforce Performance in 2019 

2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Promote employee 

development 

 

- 

Achieved 100% participation in employee training that focused on 

employee development and conducted training programmes on 

management, professional technology, marketing, production 

operations and scientific research for employees of different 

positions 

Zero incident of non-

compliance with labour 

regulations 

- 

Achieved zero incident of non-compliance with labour regulations 


29 | P a g e 

 

Zero occupational health 

and safety production 

incident 

- 

No major safety production incident in 2019. 

Workforce Targets for 2020 

2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Promote employee 

development 

- 

Achieve 100% participation in employee training that focused on 

employee development and conducted training programmes on 

management, professional technology, marketing, production 

operations and scientific research for employees of different 

positions 

Enhance 

of 

employee 

recruitment 

- 

Strengthen personnel recruitment and give more priority to high-

end colleges and universities, extend the recruitment scope of 

colleges, strengthen the promotion of employee recruitment and 

expand the scope of its influence. 

Zero occupational health 

and safety production 

incident 

- 

Strengthen the investigation and management of hidden dangers 

and safety production education and training, aiming for no major 

safety production incidents in 2020. 

Environmental Awareness 

The Company regularly monitors our energy consumption from daily operations, and 

continuously and effectively improves our environmental sustainability measures based on 

the data collected. Our management is delegated environmental responsibilities, and 

sustainability efforts are effectively implemented on a group-wide level. 

In 2019, we organized and conducted energy audits to analyse our energy management and 

performance, investigate issues and defects, explore our potential in and identify the direction 

of energy saving, which reduces our energy consumption and increases our energy efficiency. 

This brings economic, social and environmental benefits to the Company, thereby helping us 

achieve the goal of saving energy, reducing consumption and increasing energy efficiency. 

We implemented various energy conservation measures in 2019, primarily including update 

of air compressors and installation of a set of local intelligent integrated control equipment at 

Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Factory, replacement of chillers and blowers at Le Ren 

Tang Pharmaceutical Factory, suspension of the operation of a station service transformer for 

backup use at No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant, upgrade and renovation of moisture removal 

pipelines of tumble dryers and replacement of 210 series steamer gas-distribution cylinders at 

Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory, reduction of corporate capacity of idle power and 

renovation of capacitor cabinet device at Xin Xin Pharmaceutical Factory as well as 

renovation of cooling tower equipment and air conditioning heat pipe technology at Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical Factory. The aforementioned projects, once completed, are expected to 

save energy of 233.32 tonnes of standard coal every year. 


30 | P a g e 

 

The Company will continue to improve our energy utilisation in 2020 by implementing our 

energy management system, evaluating our energy efficiency and implementing energy 

conservation measures. 

Carbon Management 

(GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5) 

The Company has achieved positive results in energy conservation by increasing the energy 

efficiency of our equipment and performing energy audits. We also save water through steam 

and condensation recovery and other measures while reducing the energy consumption for 

hot water supply. 

Manufacturing of Pharmaceutical Products 

We have implemented equipment improvements and upgrades in 2019 to improve the 

management of our carbon footprint. We endeavour to achieve our goal of energy 

conservation and lower energy consumption by designing sustainable factories and choosing 

energy-efficient equipment. We have also expedited the improvement of our existing factory 

equipment for energy conservation purposes to increase energy utilisation efficiency. 

 

The increase in our total energy consumption and total energy intensity was due to an 

increase in production at our factories. We will continue to monitor our energy use on a real-

time basis to better manage our energy consumption. 

Long Shun Rong Pharmaceutical Factory 




31 | P a g e 

 

In 2019, the factory replaced the air compressors and installed local intelligent integrated 

control equipment for 179,000 CNY. With the operation of intelligent equipment, we 

achieved our goal of energy conservation and lower energy consumption while meeting our 

requirements for use. 

The air compressors reduce the energy loss during the process of driving by adopting a new 

coupling driving method. With significant improvements in the operation patterns, the 

integrated control equipment becomes more intelligent and is able to effectively increase the 

full-load operation efficiency and reduce the no-load electricity consumption of the auxiliary 

air compressors, which allows us to reduce our electricity consumption by 95,000 kWh 

(equivalent to 11.7 tonnes of standard coal) and save approximately 64,000 CNY of 

electricity expenses every year. 

Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory 

In order to improve production efficiency as well as conserve energy and production inputs, 

Le Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory replaced the refrigerating machine, blower units, dust 

removers and gas cookers. Upon completion of these projects, 632,000 kwh (equivalent to 

77.7 tonnes of standard coal) of energy can be saved every year. 

No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant 

In order to promote reasonable electricity consumption and conserve energy, No. 6 Chinese 

Medicine Plant suspended the operation of a station service transformer at the plant for 

backup use, which reduced both the basic electricity expenses and no-load loss of the 

transformer. 87,000 kWh (equivalent to 10.7 tonnes of standard coal) of no-load loss in 

electricity is expected to be saved every year. 

Da Ren Tang Pharmaceutical Factory 

In FY2019, the factory upgraded and renovated the moisture removal pipelines of tumble 

dryers and replaced the 210 series steamer gas-distribution cylinders, which allows us to save 

7.0 kwh (equivalent to 8.6 tonnes of standard coal) of energy every year. 

Xin Xin Pharmaceutical Factory 

In FY2019, the factory renovated the capacitor cabinet device, which was put into use in July 

2019. 112,000 kWh (equivalent to 13.8 tonnes of standard coal) of energy was saved in the 

second half of the year as compared with the first half. 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical Factory 

In FY2019, the factory renovated the cooling tower equipment and air conditioning heat pipe 

technology for 1,330,400 CNY, which, once completed, is estimated to save 902,000 kWh 

(equivalent to 110.9 tonnes of standard coal) of energy every year. 

Volatile Organic Compound Management 

(GRI 305-7) 


32 | P a g e 

 

In 2019, the Company further strengthened the management of volatile organic compounds 

(VOCs) to mitigate any possible release of VOCs into the air during manufacturing. The 

affiliated enterprise of the Company has made great improvements in the treatment of VOCs 

and optimized the treatment facilities of exhaust gas to ensure the compliance with emission 

standards. 

The Company earnestly monitored and managed the production and operation of each 

enterprise under heavily polluted weather in compliance with all environmental laws and 

regulations as well as implementation requirements of the nation and Tianjin municipality, 

and each enterprise was urged to adopt the measures of “one policy for one enterprise” to 

formulate its own emergency measures as required by local environmental protection 

authorities. 

Water Management 

(GRI 303-1) 

 

The Company actively worked to reduce water use and increase water efficiency in our daily 

operations while maintaining the needs for increase the production at our factories. In 2019, 

our total water consumption was 327,500 cubic metres, representing a steady decrease as 

compared with 331,000 cubic metres in 2018. 

Effluents and Waste Management 

(GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-3) 

Zhong Xin Pharmaceutical actively implements measures to minimise the environmental 

impact of our operations and compliantly manage the waste and effluents produced during 

manufacturing. 




33 | P a g e 

 

Factory effluents mainly comprise manufacturing wastewater and domestic wastewater 

produced in the workshops, which is discharged according to the required standards after 

compliant treatment. The post-treatment water quality meets the requirements of the 

Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard (GB8978-1996). After the treated discharge meets 

the required standards, it will be discharged to the municipal sewage pipe network, following 

which it will finally be discharged to the municipal sewage treatment plant. 

Hazardous wastes mainly comprise industrial solid wastes, which are outsourced to qualified 

hazardous waste treatment units for disposal in accordance with the relevant laws and 

regulations. 

There was no serious leak of effluents and waste in 2019. 

Environmental Targets and Compliance 

(GRI 307-1) 

There was no incidence of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in 2019. 

In order to maintain strict environmental compliance and achieve our environmental targets 

in 2020, we have reviewed our environmental performance in 2019 and developed an action 

plan for 2020. 

Actual Performance in 2019 

2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Reduce coal consumption 

and carbon emission by 

100 tonnes 

The enterprise : 

- 

Formed a regular meeting mechanism for regular report on 

energy usage and strengthened energy management 

communication and target control; 

- 

Upgraded certain production equipment and public equipment 

and improved energy efficiency; 

- 

Implemented the comprehensive smart energy project of Zhong 

Xin Pharmaceutical Building, carried out contract energy 

management and achieved the goals of energy saving, 

consumption reduction and green smart building; 

- 

Achieve energy savings of 233.32 tonnes of coal consumed 

throughout the year. 

Improve water efficiency 

- 

No. 6 Chinese Medicine Plant implemented a water balance test 

in March to analyze the condition of pipeline and the rationality 

of water use. By adjusting the distribution of the pipeline, it 

increased the recycling of water resources and improved the 

water efficiency reasonably. 

Minimize the emission of 

volatile organic 

compounds 

- 

The emission of volatile organic compounds is further reduced 

by upgrading the environmental equipment in 2019, and all 

indicators met the requirements of relevant national laws and 

regulations. 

Zero leak of effluents and 

waste 

- 

No significant spills in 2019. 


34 | P a g e 

 

Environmental compliance 

- 

No incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations in 2019. 

Environmental Targets for 2020 

2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Continue to reduce coal 

consumption and carbon 

emission by 100 tonnes 

- 

Implemented energy management system construction, formed 

energy management system documents and improved energy 

management level; 

- 

Upgraded certain equipment and facilities and improved energy 

efficiency; 

- 

Built smart energy online monitoring platform of Zhong Xin 

Pharmaceutical, realized automatic collection of energy 

consumption data and real-time energy monitoring by replacing 

smart meters and harnessed role of energy platform for smart 

energy conservation through statistical analysis of energy 

consumption data. 

Improve water efficiency 

- 

The enterprise increased recycling water equipment and 

improved water efficiency on the existing basis. 

No significant 

environmental spills 

- 

Improved maintenance and operation of equipment and facilities 

to prevent significant environmental spills. 

Continuously standardise 

waste discharge 

- 

Improved maintenance and operation of equipment and facilities 

and standardised waste discharge. 

Environmental compliance 

- 

Improved emissions inspection and emergency response plan for 

environmental pollution. 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

As a company that focuses on improving the wellbeing of the population, we strive to do our 

best in giving back to the community and enhance the people’s quality of life through various 

means other than supplying quality medicine. 

Giving Back to Society 

(GRI 413-1) 

Since 2013, the company has assisted the municipal government in the deployment of 

resources and assistance to villages. Based on the unified arrangement, we sent our staff (6 

people in 3 rounds) to the villages to assist in voluntary works and help villagers create more 

employment and business opportunities through new projects such as planting herb 

(honeysuckle), pepper and other crops. 

As of December 2019, the company has incurred a total of 2.365 million CNY in charitable 

initiatives. 

 

 


35 | P a g e 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

S/N 

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1 

Material Topics 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2 

Policies, Practices and Performance 

Chairman’s Message 

Our Sustainability Story 

3 

Board Statement 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets 

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework 

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Organisation Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman's Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Chairman’s Message, Our 

Sustainability Story 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Governance and Statement 

of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Reporting Practice 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2019 


36 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage 

Employee Benefits 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Continuing Innovation 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training on anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Anti-corruption 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Carbon Management 

302-3 

Energy Intensity 

Carbon Management 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Carbon Management 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Water Management 

305-2 

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

(Scope 2) 

Carbon Management 

305-4 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity 

Carbon Management 

305-5 

Reductions in GHG Emissions 

Carbon Management 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), 

and other significant air emissions 

Volatile Organic 

Compound Management 

306-1 

Total water discharged by quality and 

destination 

Effluents and Waste 

Management 

306-2 

Total waste by type and disposal method 

Effluents and Waste 

Management 

306-3 

Significant spills 

Effluents and Waste 

Management 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental Targets and 

Compliance 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Our Workforce Diversity 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Employee Benefits 

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Benefits 

403-1 

Formal joint management-worker health and 

safety committee 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to his/her occupation 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

403-4 

Health and safety topics covered in formal 

agreements with trade union 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 


37 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Training and Progression 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

Training and Progression 

404-3 

Employee percentage of Regular Performance 

and Career Development Review 

Employee Benefits 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Our Workforce Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Employee Benefits 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labour 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

412-1 

Operations that have been subject to human 

rights reviews of impact assessments 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs 

Giving Back to Society 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories 

Quality Management, 

Managing our Suppliers 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impact of products and services 

Product Safety Targets 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service 

information and labelling 

Marketing and Labelling 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labelling 

Product Safety Targets 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

Product Safety Targets 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

Product Safety Targets, 

Workforce Targets and 

Compliance 

 

