
Sustainability Report 2019

1





TLV HOLDINGS LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019




Sustainability Report 2019

2



Table of Contents

Board Statement 

1

About this report 

2

About TLV Holdings 

3

Supply Chain Management 

8

Membership of Association 

9

Stakeholder Engagement 

14

Our sustainability approach 

15

Economic Performance 

17

Corporate governance, ethics, anti-corruption and anti-bribery 

19

Energy 

21

Local communities 

22

Customer privacy 

23

Employment 

24

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

27


Sustainability Report 2019

1



Board Statement

TLV Holdings Limited, together with its subsidiaries, (our “Group” or “TLV Holdings”) is pleased 

to present our Sustainability Report from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 (“FY 2019”). Through 

the annual reporting of our sustainability initiatives and performance in material environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) issues, we wish to demonstrate that we are committed to create 

sustainable value to our stakeholders as we continue to expand our business. 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) considers sustainability in the formulation of TLV Holdings’ 

long-term strategies and with the guidance and oversight of the Board, the management manages 

and monitors the material ESG issues identified.  

Overview of FY 2019

2019 was an exciting year for us as we expanded our business activities through participation in 

more international exhibitions, expansion of our gold jewellery series and incorporation of a new 

wholly-owned subsidiary in Singapore to trade in precious metals and related products. 

We believe that embedding sustainability initiatives across our three key business segments, 

Exhibitions, Retail and Financial services, will demonstrate how we incorporate our values into 

our operations. A critical component of this would be stakeholder engagement and how we involve 

our stakeholders and partners in these key business segments within the Group. We are pleased to 

report on progress in the adoption of some positive measures in terms of corporate governance, 

energy conservation and staff welfare.   

As we further our commitment to improve and report on our sustainable business practices, we 

would like to take this opportunity to thank our stakeholders and we look forward to continue this 

journey with you. 

Best wishes, 

Goh Yeow Tin

Non-Executive Chairman and 

Independent Director

Teo Boon Leng 

Managing Director


Sustainability Report 2019

2



About this report

TLV Holdings maintains our commitment to sustainability, with the publication of our second 

Sustainability Report.  Our report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards - Core Option and Rules 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”). We have 

chosen to adopt the GRI Sustainability Standards to allow for comparability of our performance 

over the years as it is a globally-recognised framework. This report also takes reference from 

SGX-ST ‘Comply or explain’ requirements for sustainability reporting.

This report focuses on the evaluation and measurement of our business performance in terms 

of environment, social and governance issues. In preparation for this report, we have identified 

the material sustainability issues and strategies in response to our stakeholders’ expectations 

and interests which consequently optimise our business growth. For the report quality, we have 

applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness.

This report continues to cover the operations of TLV Holdings in Singapore from 1 April 2018 

to 31 March 2019 as our business activities and investments are substantially carried out and 

located in Singapore. We have relied on our internal data monitoring and verification to ensure 

accuracy. We have not sought external assurance for this report and we may consider doing so 

in our future sustainability reports.  

In line with our environmental conservation efforts, our Group will not be printing any hard 

copies of this report. A current electronic edition of this report is made available on the 

SGXNET and TLV Holdings’ website. We welcome feedback and suggestion in relation to this 

Sustainability Report via our email at taka.feedback@takajewellery.com.sg. 




Sustainability Report 2019

3







About TLV Holdings

TLV Holdings Limited (“TLV Holdings” or our “Group”) was established in 1997 by our founder, 

Mr. Michael Teo and Mr. Ang Kah Leong. TLV Holdings is established in Singapore as a jewellery 

wholesaler and manufacturer with almost two decades of experience crafting both  affordable and 

fine jewellery pieces for both local and international markets. Headquartered in Singapore and 

listed on the Catalist of the SGX-ST on 17 September 2015.

In Singapore, our Group has a vast retail network of 16 retail outlets in FY 2019 which includes 

2 brands, Taka Jewellery and Top Cash, strategically located at various heartland districts, central 

and suburban malls in order to cater to the mass markets from homemakers to young working 

executives. 

In FY2019, we have reorganised our business into three broad segments; exhibitions, retail and 

financial services. We have expanded our presence in Singapore and sell an extensive range 

of jewellery items and designs from classic solitaries to coloured gemstones via our locally      

established brand, Taka Jewellery. 

We have seen an increase in revenue from our exhibitions’ segment comparatively to financial 

year ended 31 March 2018 as a result of increased participation in international exhibitions such 

as the International Jewellery Tokyo Exhibition in Yokohama and Tokyo, Japan. 


Sustainability Report 2019

4





Our vision

To be a premier jeweller offering a diverse, yet discerning selection of 

exquisitely-crafted jewellery pieces available to all. We endeavour to 

further expand our geographical reach and brand equity across local 

and international markets alike; empowering individuals and their 

communities with value-rich products at fair, competitive prices. 

Our Core Values

•   Leave no consumer out

•   Create a lasting legacy

•   Provide an inexhaustible wealth of options


Sustainability Report 2019

5



Retail

The group is principally engaged in the sales 

of jewellery on a retail basis in Singapore 

under the Taka Jewellery brand as well 

as on a wholesale basis to global markets 

through active participation in international 

jewellery 

exhibitions. Taka 

jewellery 

is an established brand that provides 

quality jewellery at competitive prices. 

With an extensive selection of classic and 

contemporary quality jewellery made from 

different raw materials, the brand caters 

to the mass market from homemakers to 

young executives. Taka Jewellery has 13 

retail outlets located at various heartland 

districts and suburban malls throughout 

Singapore. 

Exhibitions

Our 

Group 

actively 

participates 

in 

jewellery exhibitions around the world, 

selling jewellery on a wholesale basis to 

customers from the United States, Europe, 

Middle East, East Asia and Southeast 

Asia. We participate in exhibitions under 

our brands Taka Jewellery, as well as Voi 

which was launched in 2007 to engage in 

the marketing and sale of a contemporary 

line of jewellery. In FY2019, the Group 

participated in more than 30 international 

exhibitions, including MidEast Watch and 

Jewellery Show as well as the International 

Jewellery Tokyo Exhibition in Yokohama 

and Tokyo, Japan. 





Our business


Sustainability Report 2019

6



Our business (Cont’d)

Financial services



Pawnbroking

Our Group ventured into the pawnbroking business and the trading and retail of pre-owned jewellery and 

watches under the Top Cash brand in 2013. Our pawnshops typically accept value articles as collaterals for the 

loans we extend to our customers. In FY2019, our Group has 3 pawnshops in Singapore, located in City Plaza, 

Yishun and Serangoon.

The Group’s financial services 

business comprises of pawnbroking 

and money lending businesses.  

During FY2019, the Group ventured 

into secured lending business which 

is still in its infancy stage. 




Sustainability Report 2019

7



Group Structure








Sustainability Report 2019

8



Supply Chain Management

TLV Holdings is committed to managing and minimising the impact of our business operations 

along the supply chain. We recognise the importance of building a sustainable value supply chain 

which help to provide top quality jewellery.  

Our major raw materials, such as high-quality diamonds and gold, are supplied by new and 

existing suppliers who are critically assessed and selected based on their expertise, quality and 

past performance. All of our suppliers are evaluated based on a set of stringent criteria by our 

Procurement team to ensure that they comply with local rules and regulations, including ethical 

business practices. We aim to forge lasting relationships with our suppliers and will consistently 

ensure that we procure from qualified suppliers.

Product and service quality 

We have established a purchasing policy to provide guidelines and control principles at various 

stages of the procurement process including selection, comparison and periodic evaluation of 

suppliers. Our pricing policy relies on the three key factors of competitive profit margins, bulk 

purchasing power and a streamlined supply chain with no middle man. 

In addition, we have a quality assurance system and with that, we have conducted random checks 

on our diamonds and gold to ensure they are properly certified by institutions, for instance, 

Gemological Institute of America (“GIA”).

Our Group believes in optimal aftersales support and maintenance services such as providing 

diamond cleaning services to our customers. We also work closely with our suppliers to ensure 

availability of raw materials for our retail and exhibition segments. 

In FY2019, we did not receive significant complaints about our products or service quality and 

we endeavour to keep the complaints to minimial  in the subsequent years.






Sustainability Report 2019

9



Membership of Association

SINGAPORE BUSINESS FEDERATION

Our Group is a member of Singapore Business Federation 

(“SBF”) since 1997. SBF is the apex business chamber 

championing the interests of the Singapore Business 

community in the areas of trade, investment and industrial 

relations. It represents the interests of 25,800 companies, as 

well as key local and foreign business chambers.

SINGAPORE JEWELLERS ASSOCIATION

Our Group’s wholly owned subsidiary, Taka Jewellery 

Pte Ltd is a member of Singapore Jewellery Association 

(“SJA”) since 2003. SJA is the only non-profit organisation 

representing jewellery operations in Singapore. Currently, 

there are about 360 corporate members which include most 

of the reputable and long established jewellers in Singapore.

HONG KONG JEWELLERY MANUFACTURERS’ ASSOCIATION

Taka Jewellery (Hong Kong) Limited is also a member of Hong Kong Jewellery 

Manufacturers’ Association (“HKJMA”) since 2015. Established in 1988, HKJMA 

is an organisation representative of jewellery manufacturers and exporters. HKJMA 

is eager to understand the needs of its members, organising trading platforms for 

exhibitors and global buyers. Numerous seminars and courses are also held to provide 

professional trainings and latest industry information as well as technical support.


Sustainability Report 2019

10



Membership of Association (Cont’d)

SINGAPORE CHINESE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE &amp; INDUSTRY

Taka Jewellery Pte.Ltd. joined the Singapore Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry 

(“SCCI”), which the organisation promotes the business growth through linking 

enterprise with investment community in Southeast Asia through educational 

conferences, workshops, research, networking with groups worldwide, 

contributing to improving the environment and corporate governance system for 

investing, and facilitating the matching of early stage companies with investors.

SINGAPORE PAWNBROKERS’ ASSOCIATION

Our Group’s wholly owned subsidiary, Top Cash Pte Ltd has joined 

the Singapore Pawnbrokers’ Association (“SPA”) since 2014. SPA 

was registered in 1920 and is one of the oldest active associations in 

Singapore. With a staggering 91.1 percent of pawnshops in Singapore 

as members, the association currently has more than 200 members 

comprising of traditional, modern and public-listed companies.

MINISTRY OF LAW

Our Group is a regulated dealer dealing with precious stones, 

precious metals and/or precious products (“PSPM”) as such, 

our subsidiaries including Taka Jewellery Pte. Ltd., Top Cash 

Jewellery Pte. Ltd., Taka Bullion Pte. Ltd. and Voi Jewellery 

Pte. Ltd., are registered dealers under Ministry of Law.


Sustainability Report 2019

11



Location of our outlets

North

Blk 702 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 #01-2519 Singapore 560702

Tel: +65 6459 5615

205 Hougang Street 21 #01-133/135 Heartland Mall Singapore 530205 

Tel: +65 6285 7050

Block 520 Toa Payoh Central #01-62 Singapore 310520 

Tel: +65 6250 1955

South 

1 Park Road #01-60 People’s Park Complex Singapore 059108 

Tel: +65 6538 3577

302 Tiong Bahru #01-136 Tiong Bahru Plaza Singapore 168732 

Tel: +65 6538 3577

East 

80 Marine Parade Road #B1-05 &amp; 06 Singapore 449269

Tel: +65 6440 1183

2 Tampines Central 5 #01-29 Century Square Singapore 529509

Tel: +65 6781 5119

311 New Upper Changi Road #01-38 Bedok Mall Singapore 467360

Tel: +65 6245 0443 




Sustainability Report 2019

12



Location of our outlets (Cont’d)

North

103 Yishun Ring Rd, #01-115 Singapore 760103

Tel: +65 6758 1752

83 Serangoon Road Singapore 217988

Tel: +65 6341 5871

99 Serangoon Road Singapore 218004

Tel: +65 6291 3952

*Commence business on 1st April 2019

East 

810 Geylang Road, #01-57 Singapore 409286

Tel: +65 6741 0557

West

63 Jurong West Central #01-50/51/52 Jurong Point Shopping Centre Singapore 648331

Tel: +65 6515 8545

2 Jurong East Street 21 #01-28 IMM Building Singapore 609601 

Tel: +65 6899 8823

Central

304 Orchard Road #01-17, #01-82 Lucky Plaza Singapore 238863

Tel: +65 6733 4425

180A Orchard Road Peranakan Place Singapore 238846

Tel: +65 6732 9556

2 Orchard Turn #B2-63 ION Orchard Singapore 238801

Tel: +65 6509 8797




Sustainability Report 2019

13



Strategy and Approach





We maintain our commitment to legal compliance and corporate governance through 

a well-established system of governance principles and accountability structures. 

Our Group’s corporate governance structure consists of the Board of Directors, 

chaired by the Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director. Our Board 

of Directors oversees and monitors the policies and procedures relating to ESG 

factors together with the management and the assistance of external professional 

service provider.  Our Board will evaluate the effectiveness of the existing 

sustainability practices, review ESG performance and set goals on an annual basis. 

Senior management continues to oversee, coordinate and revise sustainability strategies 

which would then be reported to the Board of Directors on any updates. The heads from 

various operation units will conduct meetings on a periodic basis to discuss any updates 

from time to time and eventually update the Board of Directors on the material development.




Sustainability Report 2019

14



Stakeholder Engagement

In TLV Holdings, we recognise the importance of a meaningful two-way engagement with 

our key stakeholders to understand their interests and expectations. We have made conscious 

efforts to seek the opinions of our stakeholders in formal and informal engagements as well 

as internal review process to integrate stakeholder feedback with our corporate strategies.

The table below sets out the key stakeholders and our methods of engagement:




Sustainability Report 2019

15



Our sustainability approach

Identifying material topics

In FY2019, we assessed the ESG issues previously identified in FY2018 through continuous 

internal and external stakeholder engagement and conclude that they continue to be relevant to 

our business including the addition of money lending business and stakeholders. Our Group has 

adopted a four-step materiality assessment process summarised below:






Sustainability Report 2019

16



Our sustainability approach




Sustainability Report 2019

17



Economic Performance



TLV Holdings is committed to providing our customers with competitive edge products and 

ensuring long-term sustainable growth in the jewellery market locally and internationally. 

Despite the challenges faced, such as trade tensions and currency volatility which may cause 

short-term ripples and impede our economic growth, we strived  to maintain our competitive 

strength and remain steadfast.

To maintain our competitive edge, our Group launched new signature collection designs of 

jewellery that focus on quality and sophistication suitable for different customer segments and 

markets. This initiative allows us to remain innovative and stay relevant to rapid changes in 

consumers’ preferences. This is important for us to maintain our competitive edge and continue 

to deliver sustainable growth in view of the weak market sentiment and uncertain economic 

outlook. 

In the current year, our Group’s revenue increased from approximately S$ 111.8 million for 

the financial year from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”) to approximately S$ 119.0 

million for the financial year from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 (“FY2018”), an increase of 

approximately S$ 7.2 million or 6%. This was mainly contributed by greater sales generated 

from participation in more international exhibitions. Our Group has participated in more than 

20 international jewellery exhibitions this year including Baselworld in Switzerland. Revenue 

for retail business declined by 2% from S$ 60.5 million in FY 2018 to S$ 59.5 million in FY 

2019 due to the stiff competition of the retail environment and cautious consumer spending 

behaviour. As at 31 March 2019, our Group operated a total of 13 retail outlets under our brand, 

Taka Jewellery and 3 pawnshops under Top Cash. Revenue from the financial services business 

increased by 41% from S$ 1.3 million to S$ 1.8 million due to higher interest income earned 

from its growing pledges of the  pawn broking business. The money lending business did not 

generate significant revenue in FY 2019.

Cost of sales increased by 6% in line with the higher revenue generated by our Group. 

Consequently, our Group’s gross profit increased by approximately S$ 1.5 million or 5%. Our 

gross profit margin remained relatively similar at 24.8% in FY2019 and 25.1% in FY2018.

We will continue our efforts on driving new service innovation and participate in more 

international jewellery exhibitions so as to deliver sustainable growth.

For a detailed review on the economic performance of our Group for FY 2019, please refer to 

our Annual Report 2019.


Sustainability Report 2019

18



Economic Performance (Cont’d)

Financial highlights







Financial 

Year

Revenue

S$’million

Profit before 

tax

S$’million

Profit after 

tax

S$’million

Net asset 

value

S$’million

Earnings 

per share 

(S$ cents)

FY 2018

111.8

3.5

3.5

103.9

0.62

FY 2019

119.0

3.8

3.5

103.6

0.63






Sustainability Report 2019

19



Corporate governance, ethics, anti-corruption

and anti-bribery

Our Group is committed to maintain high standards 

of corporate governance to ensure accountability 

and transparency in conducting our business and 

to protect our stakeholders’ interest. We have 

complied with the principles and guidelines set 

out in our Group’s Code of Corporate Governance 

2012 and have put in processes in place to adopt 

the Revised Code of Corporate Governance 2018. 

Whistleblowing policy

In our call to advocate good governance within the 

Group, we continue to review our whistleblowing 

policy to ensure it is up-to-date. Details of the 

whistleblowing policy and arrangements are 

communicated to our employees through internal 

memorandums and having that policy on the 

Group’s internal shared drive.

We also ensure that all employees in our Group 

have access and are aware of our whistleblowing 

policy and procedures. The whistleblowing 

channel is in place and is accessible by our all 

stakeholders, on a 24/7 basis, to raise concerns and 

feedbacks about any irregularities, impropriety, 

non-compliance or wrongdoings during the 

employment. All concerns raised are reviewed 

by the Audit Committee (“AC”) during quarterly 

meetings to ensure independent investigation 

and adequate resolution is carried out, where 

necessary.

We are proud to declare that there is no 

whistleblowing report received in FY 2019. 

Moving forward, we aim to maintain this record 

in FY2020 and continue adhering to the existing 

policies and procedures.

Anti-money laundering policy 

Our Group strives towards upholding professional 

values and integrity when conducting business. We 

continue to implement our anti-money laundering 

framework, allowing our stakeholders to report 

any suspicious cash transactions to the Suspicious 

Transaction Reporting Office of the Commercial 

Affairs Department of Singapore. Our employees 

continue to adhere to our Code of Corporate 

Governance which outline the behavioural standards 

and formal disciplinary proceedings which would 

be conducted if there are any unethical conduct or 

malpractice identified by the AC. In addition, we 

continue to collect information of our new wholesale 

customers as part of our know-your-client process 

to conduct reputation checks. We have processes in 

place to monitor any unusual cash transactions with 

new and existing customers on a periodic basis.

In FY 2019, there is no reported case of misconduct 

by our employees and other stakeholders. Moving 

forward, we aim to maintain this record in FY2020 

and continue adhering to the existing policies and 

procedures.

Conflict of interest policy

Our conflict of interest policy has been reviewed and 

approved by the Board to address general principles 

relating to conflict of interest, as well as to guide key 

management in identifying, disclosing and managing 

potential conflicts identified. Key management is 

required to promptly disclose any conflict of interest, 

whether direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction 

or proposed transaction with our Group as soon as 

is practicable after the relevant facts have come to 

his/her knowledge. In FY2019, conflict of interest 

declarations have been made accordingly by all key 

management personnel. 


Sustainability Report 2019

20





Corporate governance, ethics, anti-corruption

and anti-bribery(Cont’d)

Code of ethics

Code of ethics which underlines the business conduct 

and behaviour of all employees and this has been 

established and communicated to all our employees 

through the Employee Handbook. It describes 

the importance of protecting the interest of our 

Group and safeguarding sensitive and confidential 

information as employees of our Group.

Risk Management

The Board, supported by the AC, is responsible 

for the governance of risk. A comprehensive set of 

internal controls for key operation processes have 

been put in place to address financial, operational, 

compliance risks and information technology (“IT”) 

risks. 

The effectiveness of these controls is subjected to 

independent audit from time to time and subjected 

to the review of our Group’s management and 

Board of Directors. 

For further details of our Group’s Corporate 

Governance structure, kindly refer to our FY2019 

Annual Report.

Our Group is pleased to announce that there are no 

confirmed incidents of corruption and wrongdoings 

being reported against our employees or business 

dealings in FY2019. There were no legal cases of 

corruption brought against our Group in the same 

financial year as well. We aim to maintain this 

record in FY2020.


Sustainability Report 2019

21



Energy

TLV Holdings remains dedicated to our long-term responsibility to protect the environment 

whilst conducting our business activities. We take efforts towards sustaining a clean and green 

environment which aids in improving efficiency and eventually translate into cost savings for 

our Group.

As with the global environmental agenda, Singapore targets to reduce the nation’s overall 

energy intensity levels by 35% by 2030 (using 2005 as a base). At TLV Holdings, we will play 

our part by reducing the energy use in our business operations through adopting greener and 

more environmentally-friendly measures.

At Taka outlets we have begun the replacement of non-LED lights to LED lights in 13 Taka 

outlets and 2 Top Cash outlets. There is a reduction in the energy consumption in our Taka 

outlets by 17% from 428.8 mWh in FY 2018 to 355.1 mWh in FY 2019. In addition, there 

is a reduction in the energy consumption in our Top Cash outlets by 22% from 53.8 mWh in 

FY 2018 to 41.7 mWh in FY 2019. The average energy consumption of each Taka outlet has 

decreased from 26.7 mWh in FY 2018 to 24.1 mWh in FY 2019, while the average energy 

consumption of each Top Cash outlet has decreased from 26.9 mWh in FY 2018 to 20.9 mWh 

in FY 2019. 

At our head office, we have continually taken steps to improve energy performance and reduce 

energy consumption across all facilities and operation within our head office. Our energy 

efficiency improvement plan sets out objectives, targets and implementation strategies in energy 

usage. This year, we have improved our energy management by encouraging all employees to 

put their computers in hibernation mode when they are inactive for a long time. In addition, 

we have implemented a set of guidelines on controlling and monitoring the air-conditioning 

temperature while keeping in mind the conditions of the optimum working environment.. Our 

efforts bore fruit when the energy consumption within the head office decreased by 7% from 

148.4 mWh in FY 2018 to 137.6 mWh in FY 2019.

Moving forward, we will continue to monitor and maintain our energy intensity below FY 

2019 for our head office and retail outlets whilst continuing upholding our energy conservation 

initiatives. 




Sustainability Report 2019

22



Local communities





TLV Holdings recognises the importance of building 

a strong relationship across the communities we 

serve. Corporate donations, sponsorships and staff 

volunteerism are some of the ways in which we 

extend our support to a wide range of community 

groups.

In FY 2019, our Group supported Safari-themed 

walkathon – Walk for Our Children 2018, organised 

by Singapore Children’s Society. We work with 

business partners and members of Singapore 

Children’s Society to raise funds and support 

specialised programmes catered for children and 

youth during the walkathon. Our employees were 

actively engaged with the children to inculcate 

moral values. Our Group has also set up booths to 

market costume accessories to help raising funds. 

Moving forward, we continuously strive to forge 

partnerships in areas of community, disability and 

social innovation to create a positive and sustainable 

impact for the community we operate in.


Sustainability Report 2019

23



Customer privacy

We conduct our business in compliance with our local regulators, Personal Data Protection Council under 

the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). PDPA governs the collection, use, disclosure and care of 

customers’ data.

Our Group has implemented stringent data protection policies and procedures which are in compliance 

with PDPA which outlines the approach on collecting, disclosing and disposing of customers’ personal 

data.

Our employees received consent from our customers prior to requisition and storage of data. Our Group 

has in place procedures to limit employees’ data access rights of our employees in areas including the 

storage of sensitive data such as pawn tickets with customer details in individual stores. Only authorised 

personnel in our Group by the level of responsibility has access to sensitive data and printing out of our 

listing and records. For cash transactions above $20,000 in the jewellery and trade items, our Group is 

required to report customers’ data to Singapore Police Force. We have entered into a legally binding 

agreement with third party vendor to ensure that all confidential information are kept confidential and 

not disclosed to unauthorised personnel. Our Group has in place procedures limiting data access rights 

of our employees in relation to their scope of work to manage data privacy risk.  In accordance with 

Pawnbrokers Act 2015, we store our pawn tickets for a period of 5 years. The physical documents are 

stored with restricted access controls in place.

We are glad to declare that there was no incident of loss of customers’ data and no report of breaches of 

customer privacy in FY 2019. We target to continue our efforts in handling our customer data responsibly 

in a secure operating environment and ensuring data are not used for other purposes without customers’ 

permission. In addition, we would circulate an updated data protection policies and procedures to all 

employees at headquarter and retail outlets through the staff portal to help our employees comply with 

PDPA in Singapore. A mandatory in-house online data privacy training would also be conducted for our 

emplyees. 




Sustainability Report 2019

24



Employment

Our employees are the greatest asset to our Group’s long-term growth and success. We pride ourselves in 

maintaining a harmonious and diverse workforce spanning difference generations and skill sets. We are 

committed to providing equal opportunities and fair employment practices and we employ staff based on 

their competencies and it is our policy to recruit based on merit. During the year, our Group have a total 

of 145 full-time employees.

In FY 2019, we had several new hires and a turnover rate of 25% for males and 19% for females.

The charts below show a detailed breakdown of the changes in our workforce:




Sustainability Report 2019

25



Employment (Cont’d)

In TLV Holdings, we believe in nurturing human capital through learning and development, ensuring our 

employees are future-ready with skills that stay relevant. We also continued to provide our employees with 

optimal benefits that concern their well-being and supporting work-life balance. All employees are entitled 

statutory contributions to Central Provident Fund (“CPF”), compassionate leave and childcare leave. 

Annual awards such as Top Sales Performer, 5 years’ and 10 years’ service awards, Outstanding Sales 

Performance Award and Excellent International Performance Award were presented to our employees for 

recognition of their efforts.




Sustainability Report 2019

26



Employment 

(Cont’d)

Our employees are entitled to government-paid maternity and paternity leave to all eligible female 

and male employees in Singapore. In FY 2019, 31 male and 34 female employees were entitled to 

parental leave. During the year, 29 male and 31 female employees returned to work after parental 

leave ended and were still employed 12 months after returning to work. 

The return to work and retention rates of employees that took parental leave was 91% for female 

employees and 93% for male employees. We designed talent retention programmes such as 

providing increments and bonuses for the recognition of employees’ contributions.

We strive to create a more well-balanced and healthy workplace by reducing absenteeism rate. We 

will continue to care for our employees through active engagement with them and learning and 

development.




Sustainability Report 2019

27





Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index


Sustainability Report 2019

28





Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

(Cont’d)

