


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

TOP GLOBAL LIMITED 

302 Orchard Road #18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862                                                                     

Tel: +65 6746 4333 Fax: +65 6746 4948                                                                                        

Registration No.198003719Z 


 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

02 

About this Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

04 

Organisational Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

06 

Governance   

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

Identifying Our Focus 

 

 

 

 

 

15 

Sustainability Topics 

 

 

 

 

 

16 

Economic Performance 

 

 

 

 

16 

Market Presence 

 

 

 

 

 

18 

Human Capital  

 

 

 

 

 

19 

Energy Management 

 

 

 

 

22 

Customer Privacy 

 

 

 

 

 

24 

 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations  

 

25 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index   

 

26 


BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

2 

 



Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are in the fourth year of our sustainability reporting where we are pleased to 

present the Sustainability Report for Top Global Limited (the “Company” or “Top 

Global”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year ended 31 

December 2020 (“FY2020”). This report outlines our continued commitment and 

performance to societal contributions, environmental initiatives and sustainable long-

term growth in our four pillars of real estate development, property investment and 

leasing, smart solutions and recreation and resort. 

 

This report provides our stakeholders with insights into our sustainable practices 

embedded in our business operations, in terms of economic, environmental and 

social aspects. We recognise the importance of evaluating the sustainable practices 

from time to time and ensure that these practices are of continued relevance to our 

operations.  

 

2020 has been a disruptive year where the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted 

billions of people globally and many businesses have been adversely affected. 

Although we have been similarly affected, our commitment to sustainability remains 

strong even during this period of volatility and uncertainty as we believe that 

sustainability is about the ability to emerge stronger after this crisis.  

 

Despite the tough times and conditions faced by the travel, tourism and consumers 

sectors caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we choose to turn the challenges faced 

into momentum and focus on enhancing the competencies in technology and in 

particular, the areas of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”), Internet of Things, and Embedded 

Systems. We also offer our comprehensive end-to-end smart solution for hospitality 

operators. Our Ultron automated check-in solution using check-in kiosk or mobile 

application enables travellers to check-in into hotel or hostel without having to 

interact and share common space with others during the check-in, providing a 

solution to hospitality operators during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

As part of our commitment to sustainable and equitable growth to achieve long-term 

value creation for our shareholders, we do not only look at market profits, but also 

our impact on the society and our environment. We aim to invest more resources in 

green technologies, local communities and continue our transparency to 

stakeholders in all our business dealings. 

 

 

 


BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

3 

 



On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) and Management of the Group, we 

would like to extend our sincere gratitude to all stakeholders for their unwavering 

support to Top Global. The Group is pleased to share that we have received 

sustained recognition for our golf resort to add to our past accolades won by our 

properties. Going forward, we would continue to put sustainability as an integral part 

of our properties, communities, polices and processes to protect the long-term 

interests of our stakeholders and sustain the performance of Top Global. 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors of Top Global Limited 

 

 

 

 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

4 

 



Report Background 

 

Sustainability report serves as a communication platform between our management 

and our stakeholders. In our 4th year of sustainability reporting journey, we continue 

to update the progress of our sustainability practices in relation to environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) to our valued stakeholders through this platform. 

 

Our report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Core Option as it is an internationally recognised reporting 

framework that provides robust guidance that suits our business model. This report 

is also prepared in accordance with Rule 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Manual and makes 

references to the guideline set out in SGX-ST’s Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability 

Reporting Guide. 

 

The data and information provided within this report has not been verified by an 

independent third party and we have relied on internal checks and verification for 

accuracy. 

 

Report Period and Scope 

 

This report covers the operations of the Group in Singapore and Indonesia. Unless 

otherwise stated, the data and performance as disclosed in this report cover the 

period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, which is in line with the 

Company’s financial year (“FY”) period. 

 

Reporting Principles 

 

The report is prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, 

including: 

 

 

 

 

 





Materiality 

• Focusing on 

issues that 

impact 

business 

growth and 

are of utmost 

importance to 

stakeholders 





Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

• Taking into 

account key 

stakeholders’ 

concerns and 

responding to 

stakeholder 

expectations 

and interests 





Sustainability 

Context 

• Presenting 

performance 

in the wider 

context of 

sustainability 





Completeness 

• Including all 

information 

that is of 

significant 

economic, 

environmental 

and social 

impact to 

enable 

stakeholders 

to assess the 

Group’s 

performance 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

5 

 



Accessibility 

 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts to go paperless, only electronic 

copies of this report will be made available at our corporate website: 

www.topglobal.com.sg. 

 

Feedback 

 

Top Global encourages stakeholders to provide constructive feedback and 

suggestions on any aspects of the Group’s sustainability matters. You may send in 

your views and suggestions by contacting us through the following link: 

https://www.topglobal.com.sg/contact-us/. 


ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

6 

 



Organisation Background 

 

Top Global’s history dates back to 9 October 1980 where our diverse real estate 

business portfolio began to grow. The Group is headquartered in Singapore and the 

Company was successfully listed on SESDAQ (now known as Catalist) on 21 June 

2001 and transferred to the Mainboard of SGX-ST since 24 December 2012. 

 

The Group currently focuses on the following businesses. 

 

 

 

The Group’s sustainability journey has been driven by the above pillars in our 

primary markets of Singapore and Indonesia. We anticipate to strategically grow our 

businesses especially the innovative smart hospitality solutions into other parts of 

Southeast Asia. Southeast Asia provides a huge potential where numerous 

independent hotels need to adopt new technologies into their traditional operations 

models. This is all the more relevant as our solutions provide them with a means to 

address their need for safety measures against the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

The Group’s growth strategy is to maintain our core business while seeking 

opportunities through joint ventures and collaborations with other real estate players, 

as well as setting up new business or through acquisition to expand our footprint 

beyond our current markets. We strive to innovate and identify business 

opportunities to diversify and differentiate our projects in terms of style, concept and 

value. 

 

 

 









Property Investment and Leasing  

Recreation and Resort  

Real Estate Development 

Smart Solutions 


ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

7 

 



Real Estate Development 

The Group, together with PT Suryamas Dutamakmur Tbk (“Suryamas”) which we 

have controlling stake, had completed numerous projects including The Quinn and 

The Maisons (R Maison and E Maison) in Singapore; Rancamaya Golf Estate, 

Harvest City and Royal Tajur in Indonesia.  

 

The real estate development business was greatly affected by the outbreak of 

COVID-19 pandemic in the beginning of 2020 and further exacerbated by a stringent 

set of preventive measures announced by the Government of Singapore and the 

lockdown imposed in Jakarta in April 2020. 

 

Nevertheless, in Indonesia, the housing prices have maintained its steady growth 

with Indonesia’s housing index increasing to 213.5 in third quarter of 2020. We 

remain optimistic to the residential property market in Singapore and Indonesia over 

the longer term. 

 

Property Investment and Leasing 

Going beyond its Real Estate Development business, Top Global has experience in 

managing a wide space of properties across the region, including but not limited to 

hostels, hotels, service apartments, co-living spaces, and recreational facilities. The 

Group takes great interest and passion in injecting life into properties, believing that 

each property deserves its own identity and creative disposition. Furthermore, 

through our know-how and the use of a digital ecosystem, we help property owners 

optimise the true potential of their assets. 

 

In Singapore, the commercial rental rates are expected to remain under pressure 

even with the COVID-19 situation stablilises as companies adapt to a post-COVID 

norm and tend to right-size their office space to be in line with the new work 

practices. 

 

Smart Solutions 

Top Global Smart Solutions business focuses on the hospitality industry. Our 

modular suite of technology solutions comes in services and applications that are 

seamlessly integrated, easy to implement, taking care of both front and back-end 

operations. These solutions are targeted to help the under-served fragmented 

segment within the hospitality market to increase efficiency and productivity. 

 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group was well positioned to provide our cost-

efficient and easy-to-use smart solutions, especially our smart solution which 

provides contactless or light-touch experience for travellers, to our hospitality 

partners to assist them in meeting their needs to manage costs and achieve 

operational efficiencies. We have also leveraged on our experience and expertise to 

provide two-factor authentication smart locks for data centres servers as one of the 

many AI products that the Group is working on which would provide the Group with 

more opportunities for future collaborations. 

 

 

 


ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

8 

 



Recreation and Resort 

Suryamas operates an international award-winning golf course in Bogor, Jakarta. It 

was designed by Ted Robinson in 1993. We also run a 4-star hotel and resort there. 

The Group sets to bring together contemporary luxury and serenity in a stunning 

setting that serves a mark of distinction from other resorts. It is still one of the 

country’s most prestigious golf and country club today. 

 

Travel restrictions across the world remain the harshest challenges to the hospitality 

industry. However, as vaccinations become widely available, we expect to see a 

recovery in the hospitality segment due to current pent-up demand for travel as 

people are yearning to travel after more than a year of travel restriction. 

 

The Group strives to deliver quality developments and efficient services, ensuring 

customer satisfaction, profitability and its growth. We remain confident to our 

businesses over the long term as the Group is well-positioned and closely exploring 

the opportunities in the market that have been hit by the COVID-19 pandemic. With 

the support from our hospitality smart solutions, the Group strives to review and 

implement initiatives that are in accordance with the tenets of sustainability within our 

business to ensure long-term growth. 

 

 

 


ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

9 

 



Awards and Accolades 

 

We are committed to delivering customer satisfaction and we have received multiple 

awards in recognition of our excellent hospitality and real estate development. In 

addition to those awarded before 2019, the Group is proud to have garnered a new 

award and accolade in FY2020 under our recreation and resort segment. 

 

New Award in FY2020 

 

Previous Awards and Accolades 

1. R Hotel Rancamaya Golf &amp; Resort nominated at 2019 Annual World Golf 

Awards for Indonesia’s best Golf Course and Golf Hotel. 

2. Harvest City's The Most Preferred Landed House in Bogor 2018 by Real 

Estate Award rumah123.com 

3. Royal Tajur’s “Green Design” award by Green Property Awards in 2018 for 

the housing project integrate balance between residential, supporting 

facilities, commercial areas, mixed use and natural beauty. 

4. R Hotel Rancamaya’s “2018 Traveler’s Choice Award” the highest honour 

bestowed by TripAdvisor. 

 

 



Global Winner 

Luxury Golf 2020 


GOVERNANCE 

 

 

10 

 



Risk Management and Internal Controls 

 

Supported by the Board Committee, the Board oversees the Group’s systems of 

internal controls and risk management. With the oversight from the Board, we seek 

to maintain high standards of corporate governance at all levels, underpinned by 

strong internal controls and risk management systems. 

 

Comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”) for key business processes 

are distributed to employees as guidelines for employees to follow to minimise 

operational risks. However, it is vital to execute the established SOP throughout the 

strategic and operational level instead of merely embracing it as a guiding principle 

so as to achieve sustainable business practices. 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Top Global embraces a sound corporate governance to conduct business activities 

in a transparent, ethical and sustainable manner in order to gain the trust of our 

stakeholders and to achieve long term business sustainability. We aim to maximise 

long term economic returns for shareholders through sound and effective corporate 

business practices, and a prudent business risk approach. Top Global has complied 

with the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 

and the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. 

 

In line with industry best practices, Top Global promotes constructive dialog with 

stakeholders and provides avenues for stakeholders to raise their concerns and 

grievances. A Whistleblowing Committee chaired by an independent director has 

been formed to investigate any whistleblower complaints relating to possible 

improprieties in matters of financial reporting and other matters. They will decide on 

the cases to be escalated to the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the Board of 

Top Global.  

 

 

 


GOVERNANCE 

 

 

11 

 



The Whistleblowing Committee consists of the following members: 

 

 

 

The contact details of the Whistleblowing Committee are as follows: 

 

Address 

: 302 Orchard Road, #18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862 

Telephone 

: (65) 6746 4333 

Email  

: whistleblowing@topglobal.com.sg 

 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

Top Global takes a strategic approach to sustainability by aligning its commitments 

to sustainable development with its corporate strategies and values. Senior 

management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board to realise the 

strategic approach. 

 

The Board and Board Committees including Audit Committee, Nominating 

Committee and Remuneration Committee, oversee the process of formulating the 

Group’s sustainability policies and monitoring its effectiveness and performance. In 

addition, the Board and Board Committees also provide guidance in determining the 

focus areas where the Group can have the greatest economic, environmental and 

social impact, as well as the areas that are most important to the Group’s 

stakeholders. 

 

The Group has taken efforts to seek the opinion of stakeholders either in a casual or 

formal way. The Group aspires to understand the needs and expectation of the 

different groups of key stakeholders and strives to build mutual beneficial 

relationships. 

 

 

 

Independent Director 

&amp; Chairman of the 

Audit Committee 

Chief Operating 

Officer 

Group Finance 

Director 

Human Resource 

Director 

Finance Manager 


GOVERNANCE 

 

 

12 

 



Supply Chain Management  

 

At Top Global, we recognise that our businesses in properties development and 

hospitality industry have significant direct and indirect environmental and social 

impacts throughout our supply chain. Top Global’s sustainable procurement is 

focusing on three areas to drive material impact along the supply chain. 

 

FOCUS AREA #1: SUSTAINABLE SOURCES 

 

We constantly identify sustainable sources for our key material categories, including 

construction materials, food and beverages, and hotel amenities without 

compromising the quality of goods and services. We have a diverse group of 

suppliers ranging from contractors, service providers, and suppliers of physical 

goods or services. 

 

Contractor 

 

 

Service Provider 

 

       Supplier 

 10 

 

 

 

7 

 

 37 

 

 

 

 

 

FOCUS AREA #2: SUPPLY CHAIN ASSURANCE 

 

We believe in having fair and transparent business practices, as reflected in the 

Group’s Procurement Policies which set clear guidelines on the selection process. 

We use a range of factors including portfolios, pricing, quality, sustainability concerns 

such as environmental impact of products or services, etc. to evaluate the quality 

and performance of suppliers.  

 

FOCUS AREA #3: ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 

 

Our practice benefits all stakeholders as not only does it ensure that the Group 

receives quality goods and services at value for money, it also inculcates our 

suppliers in reducing environmental footprint throughout our supply chain such as 

using only sustainable and non-toxic building materials for our property 

developments and limit the packaging waste in the hospitality industry. 

 

Progressing forward, the Group aims to continue engaging our key suppliers in 

exploring industry best practice, green technology, and helping us to uphold our  

social and environmental responsibility. 

 

Contractor 

Housing 

Infrastructure 

Service 

Provider 

Promotion 

Advertising 

Rent 

Repair and 

Maintenance 

Supplier 

Food and 

Beverages  

Equipment 


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

 

13 

 



STAKEHOLDERS  

ENGAGEMENT 

 

Top Global values all stakeholders as integral 

parts of our business. We work closely and 

regularly with our stakeholders, evaluate valid 

feedback, steer the Group’s business practices 

toward more progressive, environmentally 

friendly equitable goals.   

 

 

 

Stakeholder Group 

How 

to 

Engage 

Stakeholders 

Key Topics 

Frequency 

Customers 

 

o Enquiry and feedback 

channels 

o Customers satisfaction 

surveys 

o Products quality assurance 

o Sales quotation 

o Post sales enquiry  

o Social distancing at site 

o Payment restructuring 

promotion 

Ad-hoc 

Employees 

 

o Informal gatherings 

o Performance appraisals 

o Corporate events 

o Orientation, training 

and continuances 

programs. 

o Target setting and skills 

development 

o Staff morale and 

teambuilding 

o Performance review 

o Diversity in the workplace 

o Work-from-home 

arrangement 

o Staggered working hours 

Ad-hoc 

Suppliers 

 

o Quotations 

o Supplier evaluation 

o Project enquiries 

o Bidding criteria 

o Pricing and payment terms 

Annually/ 

Ad-hoc 

Shareholders 

 

o SGX announcements 

o Annual general 

meeting 

o Annual reports  

o Financial results 

o Corporate governance 

practices 

o Investor relations 

Ad-hoc 












SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

 

14 

 



Government 

 

o Consultations 

o Discussions with 

governmental agencies  

o Regulatory Compliance 

o Reporting timelines 

o Environmental initiatives  

o Compliance to safety 

measures 

Ad-hoc 

Local Communities 

 

o Community outreach 

o Feedback and enquiry 

channels 

o CSR events 

o Environmental concerns 

o Noise concerns 

Ad-hoc 

 

 






IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

 

 

15 

 



With oversight from our Board, management reviews the material sustainability 

matters annually to assess the continuous relevance of the topics according to global 

and local trends. Stakeholders’ concerns are also taken into account during the 

assessment.  

 

With expectations and concerns raised by our stakeholders, we conduct assessment 

to discuss the relative materiality of each topics in economic, environmental and 

social aspects, by considering the impact on our businesses, as well as the level of 

expectation or concern raised by the stakeholders. The assessment generated six 

material aspects that were identified as high importance for our stakeholders as well 

as material to our business. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













Economic 

Performance 

Market Presence 

Human Capital 

Energy Management 

Customer Privacy 

Compliance with 

Laws and 

Regulations 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

16 

 



Economic Performance 

 

Revenue (S$’000) 

 

Gross Profit (S$’000) 

 

Net (Loss)/Profit (S$’000) 

2020 

40,683  

2020 

18,566  

2020 

(16,027) 

2019 

58,393  

2019 

30,172  

2019 

5,351 

 

Cost of Sales (S$’000) 

 

Other Income (S$’000) 

 

Net (Loss)/Profit Attributable 

to Equity Holders (S$’000) 

2020 

22,117  

2020 

6,318  

2020 

(17,190) 

2019 

28,221  

2019 

2,061  

2019 

551 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has created headwinds for travel, tourism and consumer 

sectors. Thus, ensuring sustainable economic performance has become more 

important than ever.  

 

The Group registered a decrease of S$17.7 million revenue from S$58.4 million in 

FY2019 to S$40.7 million in FY2020 which also led to a net loss of S$16.0 million for 

FY2020 as compared to a net profit of S$5.4 million for FY2019. This is mainly 

attributable to business disruption due to the strict government containment 

measures implemented in Singapore and Indonesia throughout FY2020 and the 

lease expiry of two hostel in Singapore during the year. Nevertheless, the Group 

managed to reap the benefits from the acquisition of Thong Teck Building in FY2019 

which resulted in increase in rental income during the tough times as well as the 

increase of service income arising from our IT original design manufacturing 

business. 

 

With the introduction of vaccines and exceptional efforts by Singapore and Indonesia 

Government to control the spread of the virus, we remain confident in the property 

market and will continue to replenish our land bank in our three developments of 

Rancamaya Estate, Royal Tajur and Harvest City and be ready to capitalise on 

opportunities that arise from the continual improvement of the market in general. 

Furthermore, we have maintained a healthy financial position amidst an increasingly 

volatile business environment to meet the operating and financial commitments. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for 2021 

 

The Group plans to continue the focus in the following areas for further economic 

growth and development:  

 

 Real Estate Development: With the Indonesia Government’s focus on 

infrastructure to improve the connectivity to the satellite areas such as Bogor, 

Bekasi and others, the Group hopes to continue our focus on the developments 

of Rancamaya Estate, Royal Tajur and Harvest City. 

 

 Property Investment and Leasing: With the harsh blow of COVID-19, Singapore 

property market experienced steeper decline in rental rates for retail space as 

retail businesses were badly impacted by the pandemic. We strive to continue 

looking for the right tenants to take up our available commercial space and 

occupancy for the Group’s investment properties. 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

17 

 



 

 Recreation and Resort: The Group strives to minimise the financial impact which 

is expected to bring on to the Group’s golf and country club and hotel operations 

in Indonesia in coming financial year as the world is still battling to keep infections 

level under control and the restrictions imposed continues to dampen the demand 

for hospitality related services in the Southeast Asia region. We will continue to 

monitor the global situation regarding COVID-19 and develop alternative 

business solutions such as focusing on the smart solutions and increase our 

marketing efforts and promote greater brand awareness in beyond our primary 

markets of Singapore and Indonesia to mitigate the impact. 

 

 Smart Solutions: The Group plans to gain momentum for our smart solutions as 

the demand for such services remain largely unaffected by the pandemic. We are 

well positioned to provide our cost-efficient, easy-to-use, smart solutions to our 

hospitality partners to meet their needs in managing costs and achieve 

operational efficiencies. The Group’s AI expertise will continue to innovate and 

develop eco-friendly application solutions that help conserving resources at 

hospitality industries and properties managed by the Group. 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

18 

 



Market Presence 

 

Localisation Split at Senior Management Level in Singapore and Indonesia  

 

Singaporean 

 

 

Indonesian 

8 (73%)  

 

50 (100%) 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group has a significant presence in both Singapore where we are 

headquartered and Indonesia where we have a significant operations presence there 

with multiple current ongoing property development projects. 

 

The communities in which we operate in, are the cornerstone of the Group. Without 

their support we would not be where we are currently. We follow a merit-based non-

discriminatory policy, hiring from the local community whenever possible. The Group 

also demonstrates our commitment to our employees by providing them with more 

than just an equitable living wage. The Group also provides employees with safe 

working environments, and ample opportunity for career advancement. 

 

Our employees at Singapore are all paid fair wage in accordance with the Ministry of 

Manpower’s regulatory requirements. As an employer, we have been fulfilling our 

obligations in making statutory Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions in a 

timely manner.  

 

Indonesian employees, which accounts for over 95% of the Group’s workforce, have 

their salaries benchmarked against Indonesia’s minimum wage as the baseline. 

Being merit based, the Group sets the remuneration for employees based on 

performance, qualification, skills, and experience. The Group also gladly contributes 

to Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (“BPJS”), Indonesia’s social security which 

covers employees’ insurance, old age benefits, pensions and healthcare. 

 

Whenever possible, the Group values promoting from within the local community. 

This is demonstrated with the majority of senior management in both Singapore and 

Indonesia being sourced from the local community. In FY2020, the local senior 

management staff in Singapore has decreased from 13 (81%) to 8 (73%) while in 

Indonesia 100% of the Group’s senior management staff are local, a continuation 

from FY2018 reporting. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

The Group plans to continue with our merit-based approach of hiring from the local 

community. The Group will continue exploring ways to collaborate with local and 

online employment agencies to increase outreach to local communities regarding 

career opportunities. 

 






SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

19 

 



Human Capital 

 

WORKFORCE BY GENDER IN SINGAPORE AND INDONESIA 

 

 

Singapore 

 

 

 

 

26 

12  

 

 

Indonesia 

 

 

 

482 

 

176

 

 

Employment Policy 

 

Meritocracy is the Group’s core principle to hire and retain top talent as it ensures 

equal opportunities for growth and development. The Group is transparent in 

communicating with employees the expectations the Group has on them and their 

key performance indicators which include their demonstrated effort, achievement 

and talent. These performance indicators are carefully crafted to be objective, 

measurable and in line with Top Global’s business goals. All employees undergo 

annual performance review with respective superior, to better understand areas that 

they excel in and areas for improvement in order to achieve personal growth and 

career progression. 

 

Employee Benefits 

 

The Group supports employee’s mental and physical wellbeing through promoting 

family centric work-life balance integration for full time employees. In addition to 

leave benefits mandated by governmental regulations, the Group goes above and 

beyond by encouraging employees to utilise additional welfare benefits such as 

childcare, compassionate and paternity leave provided to them.  

 

Disclosure 

Male 

Female 

Total 

Number of team members entitled to parental leave 

9 

14 

23 

Number of team members who took parental leave 

9 

14 

23 

Number of team members who returned to work after 

parental leave ended 

8 

14 

22 

Number of team members who returned to work after 

parental leave ended and were still employed after 12 

months 

8 

14 

22 

Return to work rate (%) 

89% 

100% 

95% 

Retention rate (%) 

89% 

100% 

95% 










SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

20 

 



Training and Development 

 

The Group advocates continuous development and advancement for our employees 

through training programs as we believe that this is the key differentiator for 

employees to remain competitive and resilient.  

 

In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, we faced difficulty in conducting physical 

training as we did in the past. Nevertheless, management has explored new training 

approaches such as conducting the training through virtual meeting to continue 

providing learning opportunities to our employees. In FY2020, we have organised a 

few training programs for staff, for instance, Basic Service Orientation and English 

training for Indonesian staff.  

 

As usual, all new employees are also mandated to attend training programs and 

workshops designed to familiarise them with the working environment, culture, 

equipment and applications at their disposal. This facilitates new employees in better 

understanding the Group’s business objectives and provides trainings on proper 

workplace health, safety and operations requirements. 

 

The Group also supports employees who decide to undertake external training 

courses to develop their skills and knowledge, through a reimbursement fund that 

employees can apply. 

 

Throughout FY2020, each employee accumulated an average of 8 hours of training, 

similar to the 8 hours of training per employee recorded in FY2019. 

 

Employee Code of Conduct 

 

Within the employee handbook is a set of Employees Code of Conduct that all 

employees have agreed to adhere by upon joining us. The Code of Conduct is 

comprehensive, 

covering 

anti-discrimination, 

anti-corruption 

and 

workplace 

harassment policies. The Group has also established and communicated a 

framework that provides avenues for employees to voice their grievances and 

concerns. On top of the direct channels of communication available, employees are 

educated on the Group’s Whistleblowing Policy, as an additional avenue to report 

more serious incidents securely, and without fear of reprisal from direct supervisors. 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

21 

 



Employee Statistic  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

The Group is committed to ensuring that employees have transferable skills and are 

adaptable to rapidly changing challenges of the modern era. We will be reviewing 

training programs and training funds available to employees and updating them as 

we see fit. Through this tumultuous period brought about by the pandemic, we strive 

to maintain operational and financial stability by reviewing remuneration and benefits 

of employee as well as alternative working arrangement for the purpose of health 

and safety for our people. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

69 

New Staff by 

Region in FY2020 

Singapore

Indonesia

36 

27 

17 

3 

New Staff by Age 

Group in FY2020 

30 and below

31 to 40

41 to 50

51 and above

33 

50 

New Staff by 

Gender in FY2020 

Female

Male

18 

155 

Number of 

Resigned 

Employees by 

Region in FY2020 

Singapore

Indonesia

59 

45 

46 

23 

Number of 

Resigned 

Employees by Age 

Group in FY2020 

30 and below

31 to 40

41 to 50

51 and above

54 

119 

Number of 

Resigned 

Employees by 

Gender in FY2020 

Female

Male


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

22 

 



Energy Management 

 

Top Global constantly strives to understand the impact of environmental related risks 

on our business in order to adopt appropriate measures for environmental 

sustainability. We carry out detailed reviews of energy efficiency and monitor 

consumption level to ensure efficient use of environmental resources.  

 

As an established and reputable property developer, the Group understands the 

importance of our role in adopting environmental friendly practices when developing 

property and managing our hotels and resorts, not only to reduce our buildings’ 

carbon footprint, but also being responsible in reducing maintenance costs to 

achieve greater economic performance in the long run.  

 

 

 

In FY2020, the Group registered a decrease of 50,457kWh and 35,000kWh 

electricity consumption in Singapore and Indonesia respectively which was mainly 

attributable to the preventive measures imposed by Singapore and Indonesia 

government to temporarily cease operation for tourism industry and the lease expiry 

of two hostel in Singapore while the remaining decrease was a result of our constant 

efforts to reduce consumption, which is in line with our FY2019 objective of 

monitoring and reducing consumption. 

 

The Group reduced electricity consumption through leveraging technology. We 

continued the installation of motion sensors in properties managed by the Group. 

These sensors would activate electric appliances only when people are in the vicinity 

of the properties’ facilities. This conserves electricity especially at night when there is 

no one around using the facilities.  

 

We also continue our replacement of filament lights with Light-Emitting Diode (“LED”) 

and Compact Fluorescent Light (“CFL”) that uses up to 75% less energy. 

 

 

96,556 

566,252 

147,013 

601,252 

0

100000

200000

300000

400000

500000

600000

700000

Singapore

Indonesia

Electricity Consumption (kWh) 

Electricity Consumption in FY2020 and FY2019 

FY2020

FY2019


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

23 

 



Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

The Group continues our commitment to monitor and analyse our energy 

consumption, research new innovative solutions to optimise usage and reduce our 

carbon footprint, to take conscientious efforts to conserve electricity consumption. 

Going forward, the Group will also continue to take the initiative in reminding 

employees to conserve electricity when not in use, and when replacing equipment 

and accessories, to select the environmentally friendly option where feasible. 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

24 

 



Customer Privacy 

 

At Top Global, we treat the personal data of every customers with respect and 

privacy. We take the utmost effort in ensuring their data is safeguarded. As part of 

our business operations, we collect customers’ personal data both for regulatory 

requirements such as law enforcement and operational purposes like reservations 

and billing particularly in hospitality services and property management. 

 

As data security threats become more prevalent, we continue to review and 

strengthen our controls to protect our customers’ personal data. We have strict 

protocols established in our data protection policy, which has been disseminated to 

all employees, in addition to actively monitoring the compliance to local laws and 

regulations. Customer data used for business purposes would only be accessible to 

the small segment of authorised employees that require them to better serve the 

customer.  

 

CONTROL IN PLACE FOR PERSONAL DATA SAFEGUARDING 

 

 

The Group is appreciative of the dedication from employees to protect customers’ 

data, and are delighted to announce that in FY2020, we have maintained our target 

of zero reported breaches of customer privacy nor any substantiated complaints 

concerning loss of customers’ data. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

The Group will continue to enhance our governance and accountability processes to 

safeguard our customers’ personal data and remain committed to maintain zero 

reported breaches of customer privacy. 

 

 

 

We periodically review 

and update the access 

rights to fit business 

needs. We have 

embedded an audit trail 

into the systems to be 

able to track data 

accessed by employees if 

needed. 

We require explicit 

documented consent 

from customers before 

collecting their data, and 

we ensure customers are 

provided information on 

what is the purpose of the 

data collected. 

The information is stored 

within our secured 

information technology 

system that includes 

safeguarding measures 

including limited access 

rights, firewalls, and a 

strict internet usage 

policy. 


SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

 

25 

 



Compliance with Laws and Regulations  

 

Top Global maintains a positive reputation with all stakeholders as a law-abiding 

corporate that is transparent and fair with our business dealings. We advocate good 

corporate governance practice and strict compliance with laws and regulations, 

which aim at promoting better performance across different business segments of 

the Group. 

 

The Group’s corporate governance practices include robust, regularly reviewed and 

updated internal controls combined with active monitoring of changes to laws and 

regulations in the countries the Group operates in. These measures ensure that 

there are preventive, detective and mitigative controls in place to reduce the risks of 

material breaches of local laws and regulations.  

 

The Group is proud to announce that for the FY2020, there was zero reported 

incident of non-compliance to local laws and regulations in the environmental, social 

and economic aspects, which is in line with previously stated goals. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2021 

 

Going forward, we will continue to achieve zero reported incident of non-compliance 

to the laws and regulations in the environmental, social and economic aspects, 

through regular monitoring of any changes and new developments of the related 

laws and regulations. 

 

 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

 

 

26 

 



GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, 

if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6-8 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6 

102-4 Location of operations 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6-8 

Annual Report 2020: Page 6-9 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6 

102-6 Markets served 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6-8 

Annual Report 2020: Page 6-9 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6-8 

Annual Report 2020: Page 48-53 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 20 

102-9 Supply chain  

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 12 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

There are no significant changes to the 

Group’s size, structure, ownership or supply 

chain in this reporting period. 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 10 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

The Group does not subscribe to any 

significant external initiatives 

102-13 Membership of associations 

No main memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or international 

advocacy organisations maintained at 

organisational level 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 2-3 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 6 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report 2020: Page 10-11 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 13-14 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

The management has not adopted any 

collective bargaining agreement 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 13-14 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 13-14 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 13-15 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2020: Page 90-96 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 4 

102-47 List of material topics 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 15 

102-48 Restatements of information 

There is no restatement of information 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

There is no change in reporting 

102-50 Reporting period 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 4 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

29 May 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 4 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 5 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 4 

102-55 GRI content index 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 27-28 

102-56 External assurance 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 4 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 15-26 

103-2 The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 15-26 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 15-26 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

 

 

27 

 



GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, 

if applicable 

GRI 201: Economic Performance  

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 16-17 

GRI 202: Market Presence  

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 18 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from 

the local community 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 18 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 23 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 26 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 New employees hires and employee turnover 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 22 

401-2 Benefits provided to full time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time employee 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 20 

401-3 Parental leave 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 20 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 21 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance program 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 21 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 25 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Sustainability Report 2020: Page 26 

 

