
1 

 























 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2017 

 




Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

CONTENTS  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 

1. 

Board Statement  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

2. 

About this report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  2 

3. 

Organisational Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  3 

4. 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

  5 

5. 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  6 

6. 

Material Topics  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

7. 

Economic Performance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  8 

8. 

Market Presence  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  9 

9. 

Employment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

 

10. 

Environmental Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12 

11. 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index   

 

 

 

13  

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Board Statement 

 

1 

 

Dear Valued Stakeholders, 

 

The Board of Directors of Top Global is pleased to 

present 

Top 

Global 

Limited’s 

inaugural 

sustainability report. 

 

With sustainability being a thriving priority for 

businesses globally, the Board believes that it is 

integral to our strategy and operation. Despite the 

macro-economic uncertainties and the slowdown in 

the property development market in Singapore, we 

remain optimistic about the future. We continue to 

take a sustainable approach in formulating our 

strategies as we believe that this creates long term 

value to our stakeholders. We are making an effort 

to improve the way of conducting our business 

operations in a manner that considers the 

environmental and social impact to sustain 

profitable growth where possible.      

 

Our first materiality assessment has allowed us to 

identify the topics deemed to be material to our 

stakeholders. This report would delineate on the 

relevant key sustainability topics in relation to our 

business and our stakeholders, namely, Economic 

performance, Market Presence, Employment and 

Environmental Compliance.    

 

We would like to thank the various parties who 

have contributed to our sustainability journey. We 

will continue to strive and improve our products 

and services to our wide ranging customers while 

considering the social and environmental impact to 

our stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“We continue to take a sustainable 

approach 

in 

formulating 

our 

strategies as we believe that this 

creates long term value to our 

stakeholders.” 

– 

SUKMAWATI 

WIDJAJA, Executive Chairman 

 




Sustainability Report – About this Report 

 

2 

 

Report Background 

Top Global Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) recognise the importance and virtuous 

cycle of improvement of sustainability reporting and hereby proudly present its first 

sustainability report which covers reporting period from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017. 

 

The Group has adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core options, the 

latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards Board and the 

requirements of SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B in preparing our first sustainability report. 

We have not sought external assurance for this report. 

 

Scope 

This report covers the operations of Top Global Limited in Singapore and Indonesia. 

 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

The report is also prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, 

including: 

 Materiality: focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance 

to stakeholders; 

 Stakeholder Inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder expectations and interests; 

 Sustainability Context: presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; and 

 Completeness: including all information that is of significant economic, environmental and 

social impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Company’s performance. 

 

Accessibility 

The Group continues to print only limited copies of this sustainability report as part of our 

environmental conservation efforts. A current electronic edition of the report is available at: 

www.topglobal.com.sg. 

 

Feedback 

Our stakeholder’s feedback is important to us. Please address all feedback to 

www.topglobal.com.sg. 

 










Sustainability Report – Organisational Profile 

 

3 

 

Top Global Limited was incorporated and domiciled in Singapore on 9 October 1980 and listed 

on SESDAQ (now known as Catalist) on 21 June 2001. On 24 December 2012, the Group 

successfully transferred to the Mainboard of SGX-ST. The address of its registered office and 

principal place of business is at 302 Orchard Road, #18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862. On 

16 October 2014, the Group completed the acquisition of a 71.52% equity interest in Indonesia’s 

PT Suryamas Dutamakmur Tbk, which has a rich wealth of experience in Indonesia developing 

real estate properties, selling land and houses, as well as operating a golf course, country club 

and hotel.  

 

The Group’s strategic intent is to focus on the following businesses: 

 i Real Estate Development 

ii Hospitality and Leisure  

iii Property Management Services 

iv Education  

 

The Group aims to become a leading lifestyle developer in the region, offering avantgarde 

projects and integrated support services tailored to the evolving needs of its clients. At the same 

time, it is well-positioned to capture the rising demands of Asia’s affluent and middle-class. Top 

Global’s growth strategy is to explore joint ventures and collaborations with other real estate 

players, as well as the acquisition and setting up of other businesses in Singapore and the region, 

to increase its project and market exposure. It will continue to focus on identifying business 

opportunities to diversify beyond Singapore and Indonesia into other regions, striving to 

differentiate in terms of style, concept and value. 

 

We strive to deliver quality developments and efficient services, ensuring customer satisfaction, 

profitability and our growth. We also take pride in inculcating our employees on the best 

management practices to reduce our environmental footprint through reduction in construction 

materials and wastage of materials. The Group is committed to integrate sustainability into its 

decision making processes to ensure that needs and concerns of various stakeholders are 

considered in the development of its corporate strategy. Sustainable business practices are 

promoted at workplace and dealings with suppliers and customers as the Group believes that 

enhancing sustainable values may at the same time enhances business performance. 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Organisational Profile 

 

4 

 

Risk Management and Internal Control 

 

The Board, supported by the Audit Committee (“AC”), oversees the Group’s system of internal 

controls and risk management. The AC’s primary role is to assist the Board in ensuring the 

integrity of financial reporting and providing assurance that there is a sound system of internal 

controls in place. It is supported by Group Internal Audit, which provides independent 

assurance to the AC to ensure that the Company maintains a sound system of internal controls 

by regular monitoring of key controls and procedures and ensuring their effectiveness.  

 

A comprehensive set of governing policies and procedures of the main business processes such 

as financial reporting, revenue, procurement, human resource were established to provide 

guidance to the employees in managing each of these key risk areas.  

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

The Group’s main suppliers consist of the main contractors and subcontractors of our business 

operations. In view of building a sustainable and responsible supply chain, we exercise 

prudence in the selection of our suppliers, assessing them through factors such as portfolio, 

expertise, quality and amongst others. Our Group’s Procurement Policy provides guidelines and 

control principles for various stages of the procurement process such as evaluation and 

diversification of suppliers to minimise risk and other negative impact and also to enhance 

flexibility so as to ensure sufficient resources and effective capabilities. 

 

 




Sustainability Report – Governance and Sustainability 

Approach 

 

5 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Top Global is dedicated in conducting its business activities in an ethical and socially and 

environmentally sustainable manner. We have recognised the importance of ensuring the 

highest standards of corporate governance paramount in protecting and enhancing our 

shareholders’ value and the Group’s financial performance.  

 

The Group places great emphasis on accountability, transparency, ethical business conduct and 

good corporate governance. We have complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the 

Code of Corporate Governance 2012 and the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited. 

 

In our call to advocate good governance within the Group, we have also formalised and 

established a Whistleblowing Policy for our employees and external parties who have dealings 

with the Group. 

 

The Group aims to exceed past aspirations and work towards a greater future as we believe that 

a sustainable business brings long-term value to shareholders. 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

With our vision and corporate values in mind, we are making an effort to integrate 

sustainability into our businesses so that it is systematic and seamless. Where possible, we 

incorporate sustainability considerations in our decision-making processes.  

 

Our sustainability efforts are led by our senior management who ensures that the Group’s 

business objectives are in line with our commitments to sustainable development. Senior 

management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board of Directors. 

 

Our Group’s senior management determined focus areas where our Group can have the greatest 

economic, environmental and social impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our 

stakeholders.  

 

Our Group has taken efforts to seek the opinion of many stakeholders either in a casual or 

formal way. We aspire to understand the needs and expectation of our key stakeholders and 

strive to build mutual beneficial relationships. 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement 

 

6 

 

Accountability to Stakeholders  

 

Close collaboration with our stakeholders supports us in addressing sustainability challenges. 

We regularly engage with and consult our diverse groups of stakeholders. Where appropriate 

and relevant to our businesses, we incorporate their feedback into our planning and actions. 

The feedback arising from our stakeholder engagements, which includes inputs on our 

sustainability reporting and materiality, has helped us strengthen the relevance of our reporting 

and approach to managing the Group’s material issues. 

 

Our Key Stakeholders 

 

How We Engage Them 

Key Topics 

Employees 

 Periodic meetings 

 Projects involvement 

 Performance appraisals 

 Corporate events  

 Performance and skills 

 Staff morale 

Customers 

 Feedback from customers 

 Customers satisfaction 

surveys 

 Products and services 

quality 

Governments 

 Consultations 

 Discussions 

 Regulatory and industry 

standards and guidelines 

Shareholders 

 Results briefing 

 Annual General Meeting 

 Emails and tele-conferences 

 Financial results 

 Investor relations 

Suppliers 

 Regular meetings 

 Emails and tele-

communications 

 Feedback on their products 

and services  

Local Communities 

 Community outreach 

activities 

 Partner with charitable 

organisations to identify 

the target beneficiaries 

 


Sustainability Report – Material Topics 

 

7 

 

Defining the Materiality Issues 

 

Our material issues are identified based on the significance of economic, environmental, social 

impacts and the degree of influence they have on stakeholder assessments and decisions. We 

develop our material topics in light of fresh stakeholder feedback, new trends in sustainability, 

challenges facing the industries, experts’ views and our own business goals. We therefore focus 

our sustainability efforts and reporting on these issues. 

 

 

We have identified 8 relevant sustainability topics, reflected in the Materiality Matrix below. 4 

sustainability topics i.e. economic performance, market presence, employment and 

environmental compliance were selected for this sustainability report purpose. The topics were 

further deliberated and narrowed down through our engagement process with stakeholders.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

















Economic 

performance

Market Presence

Energy

Training and 

education

Envrionmental 

Compliance

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Importance to stakeholders

Impacts on the business

Customer 

privacy

Employment


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific Disclosure 

 

8 

 

Economic Performance 

 To maintain sustainable economic growth and in pursuit of our vision, the Group has expanded 

in our hospitality business in Singapore through an increase in stake holding in our associate 

5Footway Founders Pte Ltd (“5Footway Group”) to 83.75%. In Indonesia, R Hotel Rancamaya 

Golf &amp; Resort continues to perform exceptionally well and won Indonesia’s Best Golf Hotel 

award at the 4th Annual World Golf Awards 2017. 

 

Financial Highlights 

In FY2017, the Group is pleased to announce 

that it achieved a 11.7% growth in revenue 

from S$121.8 million in FY2016 to S$136.1 

million in FY2017. The business segments 

which contributed largely to the increase in 

revenue was the Group’s Braddell Project and 

hospitality management from its Indonesia 

subsidiary PT Suryamas Dutamakumur Tbk 

golf and country club, as well as consolidation 

of 5Footway Founders Pte Ltd and its 

subsidiaries (“5Footway Group”). 

 

Distribution 

and 

marketing 

expenses 

increased by S$0.4 million, this was attributable to the increase in commission expenses of 

S$1.0 million and offset by a reduction in marketing expenses of S$0.6 million. The increase in 

employee compensation of S$1.2 million, depreciation expenses of S$0.3 million and 

housekeeping expenses of S$0.2 million for consolidation of 5Footway Group from 31 August 

2017 (date of acquisition) to 31 December 2017 resulted in an overall increase in 

Administrative expenses by S$2.3 million. In view of the services incurred due to the voluntary 

general offer of $0.3 million and S$0.1 million for acquisition of additional shares in PT SMDM, 

legal and professional fees increase by S$0.4 million. Lower interest expenses ensued from the 

repayment of bank loans during FY2017, causing finance costs to be reduced by S$1.0 million.  

In all, the Group’s gross profit rose by $18.3 million and maintained a healthy financial position 

with net cash of S$77.2 million from our operating activities.  

 

With the Singapore’s government increased investment in the republic’s infrastructure, the 

Group is confident about the hospitality sector and are positioning ourselves to capitalise on 

any growth in this sector in the near future.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2018 

For FY2018, we hope to continue generating profits and positive net cash flow with our 

portfolio on hands.  




Sustainability Report – Topic Specific Disclosure 

 

9 

 

Market Presence 

 

Awards and Accolades 

The Group has garnered a few awards and accolades in 2016 and 2017, in addition to those 

awarded before 2016.  

 

The latest awards are those such as “The Prospective Housing in Bogor” for Royal Tajur in 2017 

from Properti Indonesa Award (PIA),  Most Favoured Middle Class - Township Scale Housing 

Estate in Bekasi 2017 for Harvest City From Housing Estate Award 2017 and Most Favoured 

Middle Class Housing Project - Township Scale in Bekasi 2016 for Harvest City From Housing 

Estate Award 2016. 

 

Benchmark of Employee Entry Level 

Top Global Limited is dedicated in supporting the communities we operate in, this dedication 

has seen us presenting our employees with favourable working environment, also supporting 

an equitable and sustainable livelihood directly.  

 

Our employees in Singapore are paid according to the regulatory requirement in the local 

industry. The Central Provident Fund (CPF) is Singapore’s comprehensive social security 

savings scheme, for salaried Singaporeans and Permanent Residents to fund their retirement, 

healthcare, and housing needs. Under the scheme, Top Global and its employees make monthly 

contributions to the employees’ CPF account in accordance with the prevailing regulations. 




Sustainability Report – Topic Specific Disclosure 

 

10 

 

 

Besides complying with Singapore’s statutory requirements on making monthly contributions 

to employees’ CPF accounts, we also adhere to the respective social security contribution or 

pension plan obligations of the countries it operates in. 

 

Our Indonesia hires get paid according to the nation’s minimum wage for Senior High School 

graduates and an allowance on top of the minimum wage for Bachelor Degree graduates. Our 

employees are presented with opportunities to learn new skills and advance in their careers. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2018 

We will look out for promising opportunities and hope to broaden our presence in Asia region. 

We will constantly review our policies and approaches to remuneration and local hiring in order 

to enhance our contribution to economic development in local areas or communities where our 

main operations operate.  

 

 

 




Sustainability Report – Topic Specific Disclosure 

 

11 

 

Employment 

We operate in a non-unionised workplace. The success of our business is highly dependent on 

the commitment of our employees. We are committed in creating a diversity and inclusive 

workplace to attract, retain and motivate employees. We believe that our people are our asset.  

 

Employment Policy 

We have a rigorous set of employment policy and procedure in place to augment the level of 

transparency the organisation has to its employees. To promote a diversity and inclusive 

workplace, we have employed key performance indicators to ensure that our employees’ 

performance goals are in line with our business objectives. Employees are provided with 

appropriate development opportunities to perform well in their job, this is evident in the 

reduction of 46% in employee turnover from 2016 to 2017. New hires represented 17% of the 

total workforce in 2017, with a diverse individual of different age groups which ranges from 

fresh graduates, to mid-career professionals. 

 

Well-being of Our Employees  

We provide comprehensive benefits to our full time employees, including health care and 

employee insurance, the option of stock ownership under the Group’s Employees’ Share Option 

Scheme and Performance Share Plan. On top of the leave benefits each employee is entitled to 

under Government regulations, the Group has also established policies that are pro-family for 

the welfare for our staff, such as childcare leave. During the reporting period, a female employee 

has taken Maternity Leave. 

 

The Group has implemented a Whistleblowing Policy to provide a framework to promote 

responsible and secure whistle blowing without fear of adverse consequences. Under the same 

policy, frivolous and bogus complaints are strictly prohibited and strict disciplinary action will 

be taken upon an individual who does not use the policy responsibly. Besides the 

Whistleblowing Policy, we also take care of our employees’ grievances through appropriate 

channels stipulated.    

 

Distribution by Region 

Region 

Number of employees 

Singapore 

21.40% 

Indonesia 

78.60% 

Total 

 

100% 

 

Distribution by Region and Gender:  

Region 

Male 

Female 

Singapore 

48.00% 

52.00% 

Indonesia 

63.50% 

36.50% 


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific Disclosure 

 

12 

 

 

Distribution by Employment type and Gender: 

 

Employment Type 

Female 

Male 

Permanent  

28.05% 

71.95% 

Contract 

(Freelance) 

48.30% 

51.70% 

 

 

Employee Turnover by region:  

Gender 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Male 

16.00% 

20.10% 

Female 

26.00% 

23.11% 

 

New hires by gender and region: 

Gender 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Male 

- 

17.50% 

Female 

34.78% 

12.88% 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2018 

We intend to constantly review our employment policies and work towards a more diversified 

and inclusive workforce. In long run, we aim to achieve automation in the workplace which 

could enhance employee productivity and increase efficiency. 

 

Environmental Compliance 

The Group aims to minimise the environmental impact of its activities through relentless 

improvements on our business processes and operations. We believe that the reduction of our 

environmental footprint would contribute to the Group’s increased productivity, lower 

consumption of natural resources, reduced wastage and pollution and an overall of improved 

financial performance.  

 

There was no reported incident of non-compliance to environmental laws and regulations in the 

reporting period. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY 2018 

We strive to be vigilant in ensuring compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations and 

better environmental protection. We will continue exploring opportunities to introduce modern 

technologies in our business operations in order to cut down carbon footprint. 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

13 

 

GRI Standard Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 3 

102-4 Location of operations 

Annual Report 2017 page 6-9  

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Annual Report 2017 page 84-94 

102-6 Markets served 

Annual Report 2017 page 6-9  

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2017 page 4-9 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 11-12 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 4 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 4 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

The Group does not subscribe to any 

significant external initiatives 

102-13 Membership of associations 

No main memberships of industry or 

other associations, and national or 

international advocacy organisations 

maintained at organisational level 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norm of behaviour 

Page 3 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 5, 

Annual Report 2017 page 10-12 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 6 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

The management has not adopted any 

collective bargaining agreement 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 6 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 6 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 7 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2017 page 84 -94 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 7 

102-48 Restatements of information 

N/A, this is our first report 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

N/A, this is our first report 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Page 2 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Page 13-14 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 2 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

14 

 

GRI Standard Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 8 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance  

201-1 Direct Economic value generated and distributed 

Market Presence 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 9-10 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 202: Market 

Presence 

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to 

local minimum wage 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

community 

Employment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1-3 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 11-12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 401: 

Employment  

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

401-3 Parental leave 

Environmental Compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1-3 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

 

