
Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 






Sustainability Report 

 

 

CONTENTS  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 

1. 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

2. 

About this report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 

3. 

Organisational Profile  

 

 

 

 

 

3 

4. 

Corporate Governance   

 

 

 

 

 

5 

 

5. 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

6. 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

7 

7. 

Material Topic Assessment 

 

 

 

 

 

8 

8. 

Economic Performance  

 

 

 

 

 

9 

9. 

Market Presence 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

10. 

Human Capital    

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

11. 

Energy Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

12. 

Customer Privacy 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

 

13. 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

 

 

 

14 

14. 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index  

 

 

15 

 


Sustainability Report – Board Statement 

 

Page | 1  

 

Dear Valued Stakeholders, 

 

 

We are pleased to present the Sustainability Report (the 

“Report”) of Top Global Limited (the “Company” or 

“Top Global”, together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 

2018 (“FY2018”) in accordance to the Global 

Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and in 

compliance with Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading 

Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) 

guidelines 

on 

sustainability reporting. 

 

In FY2018, the global economy witnessed an 

escalation of trade tensions between United States and 

China. Singapore’s property market was faced with an 

unexpected round of cooling measure imposed by the 

Singapore Government which dampened the buyers’ 

sentiment. For Indonesia market, the residential 

property price has been increasing steadily in 2018. 

There are plans from Indonesian government plans to 

cut taxes on luxury properties and revision of other tax 

rules in a bid to boost the construction and real estate industry. In the hospitality segment, 

visitor arrivals in Singapore continue on an upward trend from 2017 which has translated to 

higher occupancy rates in 2018 based on Singapore Tourism Board statistics. 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Top Global is committed to deepen the Group’s 

development in sustainability and integrate sustainability concerns into the Group’s strategic 

formulation, business plans and operations. While we strive to maintain our business’s 

profitability, we shall remain cautious and capitalise on opportunities that arise, this is 

evidenced by the Group’s developments of Rancamaya Estate, Royal Tajur and Harvest City. 

 

Through on-going materiality assessment and stakeholder’s engagement, the Group has 

continued to assess material topics previously disclosed and identify additional topics which 

are as of important to the business sustainability of the Group. The Board works closely with 

the management to monitor the performance of the material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) matters. This Report aims to provide more insights of the Group’s 

sustainable approach to the business and the way material sustainability topics are addressed. 

 

On behalf of the Board and Management of Top Global, we would like to thank our 

customers, partners, employees and various stakeholders who have been supporting us 

throughout our sustainability journey. The Group aims to exceed past aspirations and work 

towards a greater future as we believe that a sustainable business brings long-term value to 

shareholders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report – About this Report 

 

Page | 2  

 

Report Background 

 

Top Global recognizes the importance and virtuous cycle of improvement of sustainability 

reporting. This Sustainability report covers reporting period from 1 January 2018 to 31 

December 2018. 

 

The Group prepared the sustainability report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Core options, the latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global 

Sustainability Standards Board. The report also takes reference from Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) ‘Comply or Explain’ requirements for 

sustainability reporting. 

 

Top Global has not sought external assurance for this Report. 

 

Scope 

This Report covers the operations of Top Global Limited in Singapore and Indonesia. 

 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

The Report is prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, 

including: 

Materiality 

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost 

importance to stakeholders; 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

Taking into stakeholders concerns and responding to stakeholder 

expectations and interests; 

 

Sustainability 

Context 

Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; and 

Completeness 

Including all information that is of significant economic, environmental 

and social impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s 

performance. 

 

Accessibility 

The Group continues to print only limited copies of this Report as part of its environmental 

conservation efforts. A current electronic edition of the report is available at: 

www.topglobal.com.sg. 

 

Feedback 

Top Global value its stakeholder’s feedback and suggestions on any aspects of the Group’s 

sustainability journey. Please address all feedback to www.topglobal.com.sg to help the 

Group improves. 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Organisational Profile 

 

Page | 3  

 

Organisational Background  

 

 

 

 

 

Top Global was incorporated on 9 October 1980. Headquartered in 

Singapore, the Company was listed on SESDAQ (now known as 

Catalist) on 21 June 2001. On 24 December 2012, the Group 

successfully transferred to the Mainboard of SGX-ST.  

 

The Group has a rich wealth of experience in Indonesia developing 

real estate properties, selling land and houses, as well as operating a 

golf course, country club and hotel. Top Global’s growth strategy is to 

explore joint ventures and collaborations with other real estate players, 

as well as the acquisition and setting up of other businesses in 

Singapore and the region, to increase its project and market exposure. 

It will continue to focus on identifying business opportunities to 

diversify beyond Singapore and Indonesia into other regions, striving 

to differentiate its projects in terms of style, concept and value. 

 

Over the years, Top Global has been involved in numerous Singapore 

and Indonesia property developments which include residential, 

township, and industrial projects. Notable projects include The Top 

Residence, The Quinn and The Maisons (R Maison and E Maison) in 

Singapore, and Rancamaya Golf Estate, Harvest City, Royal Tajur and 

Royal Balaraja Commercial Park in Indonesia. Going beyond its Real 

Estate Development business, Top Global also owns and manages 

several residential, commercial and recreational properties in various 

countries under its Property Management Services. In its hospitality &amp; 

leisure business, Top Global is dedicated to provide a one-stop 

solution to small and mid-sized hospitality businesses with the use of 

technology to manage and simplify operations. The Group currently 

owns and operates its own chain of hostel and also manages several 

hospitality properties across various countries within the region. 

 

The Group strives to deliver quality developments and efficient 

services, ensuring customer satisfaction, profitability and its growth. 

The Group also takes pride in inculcating its employees on the best 

management practices to reduce its environmental footprint through 

reduction in construction materials and wastage of materials. The 

Group is committed to integrate sustainability into its decision making 

processes to ensure that needs and concerns of various stakeholders are 

considered in the development of its corporate strategy. Sustainable 

business practices are promoted at workplace and dealings with 

suppliers and customers as the Group believes that enhancing 

sustainable values may at the same time enhances business 

performance. 

The Group is focused 

on the following 

businesses: 

 

 

 

 

 










Sustainability Report – Governance and 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Page | 4  

 

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

 

The Board, supported by the Audit Committee (“AC”), oversees the Group’s system of 

internal controls and risk management. The AC’s primary role is to assist the Board in 

ensuring the integrity of financial reporting and providing assurance that there is a sound 

system of internal controls in place. It is supported by Group Internal Audit, which provides 

independent assurance to the AC to ensure that the Company maintains a sound system of 

internal controls by regular monitoring of key controls and procedures and ensuring their 

effectiveness.  

 

A comprehensive set of governing policies and procedures of the main business processes 

such as financial reporting, revenue, procurement, human resource were established to 

provide guidance to the employees in managing each of these key risk areas. 

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

The Group’s main suppliers consist of the main contractors and subcontractors of its business 

operations. In view of building a sustainable and responsible supply chain, the Group 

exercises prudence in the selection of its suppliers, assessing them through factors such as 

portfolio, expertise, quality and amongst others.  

 

The Group’s Procurement Policy provides guidelines and control principles for various stages 

of the procurement process such as evaluation and diversification of suppliers to minimize 

risk and other negative impact and also to enhance flexibility so as to ensure sufficient 

resources and effective capabilities. 

 

The Group’s suppliers are expected to acknowledge their obligation in ensuring compliance 

with local ordinance and the Group is committed towards reducing the negative impact on the 

sustainability performance. 

 

 

 

 

 




Sustainability Report – Governance and 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Page | 5  

 

Awards and Accolades 

 

The Group has garnered a few awards and accolades in 2016 and 2017, in addition to those 

awarded before 2016.  

 

The latest awards are those such as “The Prospective Housing in Bogor” for Royal Tajur in 

2017 from Properti Indonesia Award (PIA),  Most Favoured Middle Class - Township Scale 

Housing Estate in Bekasi 2017 for Harvest City from Housing Estate Award 2017 and Most 

Favoured Middle Class Housing Project - Township Scale in Bekasi 2016 for Harvest City 

From Housing Estate Award 2016. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Top Global is dedicated in conducting business activities in an ethical and socially and 

environmentally sustainable manner. The Group has recognised the importance of ensuring 

the highest standards of corporate governance paramount in protecting and enhancing its 

shareholders’ value and the Group’s financial performance.  

 

The Group places great emphasis on accountability, transparency, ethical business conduct 

and good corporate governance. Top Global has complied with the principles and guidelines 

set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 and the Listing Manual of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited. 

 

In Top Global’s call to advocate good governance within the Group, Top Global has also 

formalised and established a Whistleblowing Policy for the Group’s employees and external 

parties who have dealings with the Group. Whistleblowing Committee has been formed to 

oversee any whistleblower complaints alleging fraud and breaches of corporate governance. 

They will decide on the cases to be escalated to the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the 

Board of Top Global.  

 

The Whistleblowing Committee consists of the following members: 

 

Chairman 

Members 

Independent Director &amp; 

Chairman of the Audit Committee 

Chief Operating Officer 

Financial Director 

Human Resource Director 

Finance Manager 

 

The contact details of the Whistleblowing Committee are as follows: 

 

Address 

: 302 Orchard Road, #18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862 

Telephone 

: (65) 6746 4333 

Email  

: whistleblowing@topglobal.com.sg 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Governance and 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Page | 6  

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

With Top Global’s vision and corporate values in mind, the Group is making an effort to 

integrate sustainability into its businesses so that it is systematic and seamless. Where 

possible, the Group incorporate sustainability considerations in its decision-making processes.  

 

Our sustainability efforts are led by the Group’s senior management who ensures that the 

Group’s business objectives are in line with its commitments to sustainable development. 

Senior management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board of Directors. 

 

The Group’s senior management determined focus areas where the Group can have the 

greatest economic, environmental and social impact, as well as the areas that are most 

important to the Group’s stakeholders.  

 

The Group has taken efforts to seek the opinion of many stakeholders either in a casual or 

formal way. The Group aspires to understand the needs and expectation of the Group’s key 

stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial relationships. 

 

 




Sustainability Report – Stakeholder 

Engagement 

 

Page | 7  

 

Accountability to Stakeholders  

 

Close collaboration with the Group’s stakeholders supports the Group in addressing 

sustainability challenges. The Group regularly engages with and consult its diverse groups of 

stakeholders. Where appropriate and relevant to its businesses, the Group incorporates their 

feedback into the Group’s planning and actions. 

The feedback arising from the Group’s stakeholder engagements, which includes inputs on 

the Group’s sustainability reporting and materiality, has helped the Group strengthen the 

relevance of its reporting and approach to managing the Group’s material issues. 

Key 

Stakeholders 

 

How to Engage Them 

Key Topics 

Employees 

 Periodic meetings 

 Performance appraisals 

 Corporate events  

 Performance and skills 

development 

 Staff morale 

 Equitable remuneration 

 Safe and healthy work 

environment 

 Fair and competitive 

employment 

Customers 

 Feedback from 

customers 

 Customers satisfaction 

surveys 

 Products and services quality 

 Customer privacy and data 

security 

Governments 

 Consultations 

 Discussions 

 Regulatory and industry 

standards and guidelines 

Shareholders 

 Results briefing 

 Annual General 

Meeting 

 Emails and tele-

conferences 

 Financial results 

 Corporate Governance 

practices 

 Investor relations 

Suppliers 

 Regular meetings 

 Emails and tele-

communications 

 Feedback on their products 

and services  

Local 

Communities 

 Community outreach 

activities 

 Partner with charitable 

organisations to identify the 

target beneficiaries 

 


Sustainability Report – Material Topics 

 

Page | 8  

 

Material Topic Assessment 

 

The Group engages with its stakeholders frequently through a variety of channels to update 

them about Top Global’s developments and gather their thoughts and feedbacks. The Group 

re-evaluated the ESG issues that were first identified in FY2017 based on the significance of 

the ESG impacts and the degree of influence they have on the Group’s internal and external 

stakeholders and identified four additional material topics for FY2018. 

 

Topic 

Relevance and Impacts 

Mapped GRI 

Aspects 

Reference 

Economic 

Performance 

Efforts to continue growing 

and strengthening business 

to generate greater economic 

value to valued stakeholders. 

GRI 201 – 

Economic 

Performance  

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 9 

 Annual Report 

2018 Page 4-5 

Market 

Presence 

Contributions to the 

economic well-beings of the 

communities where 

organisation operates. 

GRI 202 – 

Market Presence 

2016 

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 10 

Human 

Capital 

Fair and non-discriminating 

employment practices in 

aspects of hiring, 

remuneration, benefits, 

welfare, including career 

development to attract and 

retain talents.  

GRI 401 – 

Employment  

 

GRI 404 – 

Training and 

Education  

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 10, 11 and 

12 

Energy 

Management 

Energy conservation 

initiatives to reduce carbon 

footprints which also reduce 

operational costs. 

GRI 302 – 

Energy  

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 13 

 

Customer 

Privacy 

Measures to protect 

customers’ data and privacy 

GRI 418 – 

Customer 

Privacy  

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 13 

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations 

 

Close monitoring and 

compliance with industry 

related laws and regulations  

GRI 307 – 

Environmental 

Compliance  

 

GRI 419 – 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance  

 Sustainability 

Report 2018 – 

Page 14 

 Annual report 

2018 Page 13-30 

 


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 9  

 

Economic Performance 

 

Financial Highlights 

 

Summary of results 

Financial Year 

2017 

2018 

Revenue 

S$136.1 million 

S$79.8 million 

Gross profit 

S$36.4 million 

S$33.5 million 

Other gains  

S$1.8 million 

S$4.6 million 

Net (loss)/profit 

(S$1.6 million) 

S$1.8 million 

 

The Group’s revenue decreased by S$56.3 million or 41% to S$79.8 million in FY2018. The 

drop in revenue as compared to the prior year was largely attributable to the lower sales of 

development properties from Braddell and Bartley projects which amounted to S$62.2 

million offset by the increase in sales of development properties from the Indonesia 

subsidiary, PT Suryamas Dutamakmur (“Suryamas”), amounting to S$4.8 million. 

 

The Group’s gross profit declined by S$2.9 million from FY2017 mainly due to lower sales 

recognised from the property development segment in FY2018. In Singapore, gross profit 

from the property development segment declined by S$10.8 million due to the decline in 

sales from the Braddell and Bartley projects. However, gross profit from Indonesia’s property 

development segment improved by S$7.1 million or 24% in FY2018 largely due to higher 

sales recognised from Harvest City project. 

 

For other gains, the Group recorded net increase by S$2.7 million in FY2018, which was 

mainly due to the increase in fair value gain recognised on the equity investments in Bossier 

Casino Venture. 

 

The Group has achieved a net profit of $1.8 million for the financial year ended 31 December 

2018, representing an increase of $3.4 million as compared to the prior year.  

 

For further details of the Group’s financial performance, kindly refer to Top Global’s 

FY2018 Annual Report. 

Subsequent reporting for FY2019 

The Group aims to maintain sustainable economic growth and improve shareholders’ return 

through sound risk management and good corporate governance policies. The Group will 

concentrate on the following areas in the near future: 

 

 Property development: The Group will continue to improve on the performance from 

Indonesian property development projects namely Rancamaya Estate, Harvest City and 

Royal Tajur. 

 Hospitality management: The Group will focus on new business of providing smart 

solutions in the hospitality industry.  

 

In addition, the Group will constantly be exploring new business opportunities locally and 

globally.


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 10  

 

Market Presence 

 

The Group is dedicated in supporting the communities it operates in. This dedication has seen 

the Group presenting its employees with favorable working environment, also supporting an 

equitable and sustainable livelihood directly.  

 

Our employees in Singapore are paid according to the regulatory requirement in the local 

industry. The Central Provident Fund (CPF) is Singapore’s comprehensive social security 

savings scheme, for salaried Singaporeans and Permanent Residents to fund their retirement, 

healthcare, and housing needs. Under the scheme, Top Global and the Group’s employees 

make monthly contributions to the employees’ CPF account in accordance with the prevailing 

regulations. 

 

Besides complying with Singapore’s statutory requirements on making monthly contributions 

to employees’ CPF accounts, the Group also adheres to the respective social security 

contribution or pension plan obligations of the countries it operates in. 

 

The Group’s operations in Indonesia are considered as a significant location of operations as 

the total number of employees accounts for more than 90% of the Group’s total workforce. 

The Group’s Indonesia’s hires at both genders get paid according to the nation’s minimum 

wage for Senior High School graduates and an allowance on top of the minimum wage for 

Bachelor Degree graduates. The Group’s employees are presented with opportunities to learn 

new skills and advance in their careers.  

 

The Group makes sure that its business helps increase the economic benefit to local economy 

through prioritising local employment where possible. In FY2018, 90% of the Group’s senior 

management in Singapore and 100% of the Group’s senior management in Indonesia are 

local. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2019 

The Group strives to empower the local community through increasing employment 

opportunities for the local community and also constantly review the Group’s remuneration 

policies to ensure local hires are fairly compensated. This demonstrates the Group’s positive 

market presence and also increases the economic benefit to the local community. 

 

Human Capital 

 

The success of the Group’s business would not have been possible without the support and 

commitment of its dedicated employees.  The Group is committed in creating a diversity and 

inclusive workplace to attract, retain and motivate employees. The Group believes that its 

people are the Group’s asset.  

 

Employment Policy 

Top Global has a rigorous set of employment policy and procedure in place to augment the 

level of transparency the organisation has to the Group’s employees. To promote a diversity 

and inclusive workplace, the Group has employed key performance indicators to ensure that 

its employees’ performance goals are in line with Top Global’s business objectives. All of the 

Group’s employees underwent performance evaluation during the financial year.  


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 11  

 

Human Capital (Cont’d) 

 

Employee benefits 

The Group cares for its employees’ well-being and work-life integration. The Group provides 

comprehensive benefits to its full time employees, including health care and employee 

insurance. On top of the leave benefits each employee is entitled to under Government 

regulations, the Group has also established policies that are pro-family for the welfare for its 

staff, such as compassionate, paternity and childcare leave. In FY2018, 3 male employees 

and 24 female employees were entitled to parental leave and they have all taken the entitled 

parental leave. All of the employees returned to work after the parental leave ended. The 

return to work rate was 100% for both gender and retention rates of employees that took 

parental leave were 100% for male and 71% for female. 

 

Training and Development 

Strong emphasis is placed on employees’ development as the Group believes that its people 

are the Group’s invaluable assets. Employees’ skill set and knowledge are sharpened through 

continuous development and on-going trainings. During the year, the Group’s employees had 

undergone several trainings including but not limited to, “Leadership Development Program”, 

“Effective Communication”, “Personal Development Program”, “Corporate Lawyer Skill for 

Developer &amp; Superblock Project”, “Corporate Governance”, “Accounting Technical Update” 

and “Customer Service”.  

 

The Group has also set aside a fund for its employees to attend trainings and seminars to 

improve their knowledge and skills. Each employee underwent an average of 8 hours of 

training during the financial year. New hires will be required to attend trainings and 

workshops including work place health and safety, operations and quality requirements 

conducted by respective department to gain better understanding on the working environment 

and culture. 

 

Employee Code of Conduct 

Our Human Resource department had come out with a set of Employees Code of Conduct 

which covers anti-corruption, workplace harassment, non-discrimination policies. All 

employees of Top Global are expected to adhere with the Employees Code of Conduct which 

was communicated to them through various channels. On top of that, Whistleblowing Policy 

was also established to provide a framework to promote responsible and secure whistle 

blowing without fear of adverse consequences. Under the same policy, frivolous and bogus 

complaints are strictly prohibited and strict disciplinary action will be taken upon an 

individual who does not use the policy responsibly. Employees’ grievances were also taken 

care of through appropriate channels stipulated. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2019 

The Group will constantly review its employment policies and work towards a more 

diversified and inclusive workforce. The Group is committed to deploy more training and 

development to maintain a competitive and sustainable workforce.  


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 12  

 

Employee statistic 

Employee turnover 

Region 

Female 

(FY2017) 

 Female(FY2018) 

Male 

(FY2017) 

Male 

(FY2018) 

Singapore 

26.00% 

23.57% 

16.00% 

30.52% 

Indonesia 

23.11% 

1.0% 

21.10% 

1.72% 

New employee hires  

Region 

Female 

(FY2017) 

Female 

(FY2018) 

Male (FY2017) Male 

(FY2018) 

Singapore 

4 

27 

Nil 

26 

Indonesia 

33 

53 

104 

104 

 

By category 

Function 

Female 

(FY2017) 

Female (FY2018) Male 

(FY2017) 

Male 

(FY2018) 

Management 

level and 

above 

19 

20 

47 

44 

Executives 

167 

163 

250 

244 

General 

worker 

38 

47 

293 

293 

 

By Employment Type, Region: 

Employment 

Type 

Singapore Indonesia 

Permanent  

38 

423 

Contract 

12 

338 

 

By Employment Type: 

Employment 

Type 

Female 

(FY2017) 

Female (FY2018) Male 

(FY2017) 

Male 

(FY2018) 

Permanent  

122 

132 

313 

329 

Contract 

(Freelance) 

102 

98 

277 

252 

 


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 13  

 

Energy Management 

 

As an established property developer and manager, the Group understands that buildings 

account for energy consumption and carbon emissions. The Group has started to monitor the 

energy consumption since the beginning of FY2018. During the year, the Group’s operation 

in Singapore had consumed about 690,412 KwH of electricity while its operation in 

Indonesia had consumed about 636,934 KwH of electricity. The Group is committed to 

reduce its environmental footprint by taking gradual steps to reduce energy consumption and 

other carbon emission outputs throughout the Group’s business operations. The Group takes 

into consideration of energy efficient initiatives during its business planning and at the same 

time trying to reduce energy consumption and operation costs through various ways including 

changing to energy efficient appliances, encouraging employees to switch off lights, air-

conditioners and other electrical appliances when not in use. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2019 

The Group continues to monitor electricity utilisation rates and will take conscientious efforts 

to conserve electricity consumption. 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

Customers’ data would be collected and assessed during the course of the Group’s businesses, 

in particular the Real Estate Development and Hospitality and Leisure segments. A set of 

stringent customer data protection policy as well as the mandatory compliance with local 

laws and regulations on personal data protection were communicated to all relevant 

employees who will be granted the access to customers’ data and information collected. It 

was clearly stated that the collection and use of such customers’ data are strictly for the 

purpose of customer serving.  

 

The collection and subsequent usage of customers’ information are required to clearly 

communicated to customers and documented consent from customers are also required before 

any use of the data collected. Information–technology (“IT”) policies and procedures 

including the security of IT systems, password, email, internet policy, and other safeguarding 

measures were also in place to protect sensitive and confidential information stored in the IT 

system. Access rights of designated employees were also regularly reviewed and removed 

when necessary. Audit trials of the system were also enabled. 

 

The Group is pleased to announce that in FY2018, there was no reported incident of 

substantiated complaints concerning loss of customers’ data and no report of breaches of 

customer privacy. 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – Topic Specific 

Disclosure 

 

Page | 14  

 

Customer Privacy (Cont’d) 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2019 

The Group is committed to safeguard its customers’ data and privacy and continue to 

maintain zero report of breaches of customer privacy, as long as the Group is engaged in the 

relevant businesses. 

 

Compliance with laws and regulations 

 

Top Global ensures that the Group complies with all the laws and regulations in the 

environmental, social and economic aspects. Any material breaches of laws or regulations 

could create a significant impact and result in irreversible reputational damage to the Group. 

In view of this, the Group adheres to high standards of corporate governance practices which 

ensure compliance to all applicable laws and regulations.  

 

The Group aims to minimise the environmental impact of its activities through relentless 

improvements on its business processes and operations. The Group believes that the 

reduction of its environmental footprint would contribute to the Group’s increased 

productivity, lower consumption of natural resources, reduced wastage and pollution and an 

overall of improved financial performance.  

 

On socioeconomic aspects, respective business units identify key laws and regulations set by 

the government and assign personnel in-charge to monitor compliance and adherence with 

the laws and regulations. Policies and procedures were also in place to provide guidance to 

employees on the dos and don’ts. 

 

In FY2018, there was no reported incident of non-compliance to the laws and regulations in 

the environmental, social and economic aspects. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2019 

The Group aim to maintain zero reported incident of non-compliance compliance to the laws 

and regulations in the environmental, social and economic aspects, through regular 

monitoring of any changes and new developments of the related laws and regulations. 

 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

Page | 15  

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

102-4 Location of operations 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

Annual report 2018 Page 6-9 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

102-6 Markets served 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

Annual Report 2018: Page 6-9 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3, 12 

Annual Report 2018: Page 40-45 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 10-12 

102-9 Supply chain  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 4 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

There are no significant changes to the Group’s 

size, structure, ownership or supply chain in this 

reporting period 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 4 

102-12 External initiatives  

 The Group does not subscribe to any significant 

external initiatives  

102-13 Membership of associations 

No main memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or international advocacy 

organisations maintained at organisational level  

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 1 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 3 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report 2018: Page 10-12 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 7 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

The management has not adopted any collective 

bargaining agreement 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 7 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 7 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 8 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2018: Page 76-89 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 8 

102-48 Restatements of information 

There is no restatement of information 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

The management has identified and reported four 

additional material GRI topic-specific standards for 

Sustainability Report 2018 

102-50 Reporting period 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

1 August 2018 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 

102-55 GRI content index 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 15 

102-56 External assurance 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 2 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

Page | 16  

 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and  its boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 8-14 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 8-14 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 8-14 

GRI 201: Economic Performance  

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 9 

GRI 202: Market Presence  

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 10 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the 

local community 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 10 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 13 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 14 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 New employees hires and employee turnover 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 12 

401-2 Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employee 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 11 

401-3 Parental leave 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 11 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 11 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance program 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 11 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 13 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

Sustainability Report 2018: Page 14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

