
 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2019 

 

 

 

 





 

TOP GLOBAL LIMITED 

#18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862                                                                                      

Tel: +65 6746 4333 Fax: +65 6746 4948                                                                                        

Registration No.198003719Z 




Sustainability Report  

1 | P a g e 

 

 

CONTENTS  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 

1. 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 

2. 

About this Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

3. 

Organisational Profile  

 

 

 

 

 

4 

4. 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

 

5. 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

8 

6. 

Economic Performance  

 

 

 

 

 

10 

7. 

Market Presence 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12 

8. 

Human Capital   

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

9. 

Energy Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

15 

10. 

Customer Privacy 

 

 

 

 

 

 

15 

 

11. 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

 

 

 

16 

12. 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index  

 

 

17 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Board Statement 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

Dear Esteemed Stakeholders, 

 

We are pleased to present Financial Year 2019 Sustainability Report for Top Global Limited 

(the “Company” or “Top Global”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) which outlines 

our continued commitment to societal initiatives and sustainable long term growth in all 

sectors of business that we currently focus on. 

 

In 2019, we saw the second hottest year in recorded history, the United Nation warned that 

without unpresented efforts to decarbonised, the climate crisis would reach critical status by 

20301. The year also saw strong efforts by local governments in Indonesia and Singapore to 

promote sustainable economic growth in construction by releasing expansionary budgets2 

aiming to improve connectivity and replace aging infrastructure with sustainable green 

developments. 

 

As part of our commitment to sustainable and equitable growth to achieve long-term value 

creation for all our stakeholders, we do not only look at market profits, but also our impact on 

the environment, and other stakeholders. We aim to invest more resources in environmentally 

friendly business processes, local communities and continue our transparency to stakeholders 

in all our business dealings. 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) and Management of the Group, we would 

like to acknowledge all stakeholders who have been with us and contributed to our 

sustainability journey. The Group is pleased to share that we have received international 

recognition for our sustainability and hospitality efforts, with our properties garnering several 

new accolades. Going forward, we would continue to put sustainability as an integral part of 

our properties, communities, polices and processes to secure the long-term interests of our 

stakeholders and sustain the performance of Top Global. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 https://news.un.org/en/story/2020/01/1055392 

2 https://www.singaporebudget.gov.sg/docs/default-

source/budget_2019/download/pdf/fy2019_budget_statement.pdf 


About this Report 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

Report Background 

 

As an advocate for sustainable developments, the Company is a strong supporter of 

continuous advancements in sustainability and is delighted to demonstrate our progress in 

sustainability practices in relation to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) through 

our annual sustainability reports.  

 

We prepared the sustainability report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Core Option, the latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global 

Sustainability Standards Board. This report is also prepared in accordance with Rule 711A 

and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard 

Listing Manual and makes references to the guideline set out in SGX-ST’s Practice Note 7F 

Sustainability Reporting Guide. 

 

The data and information provided within this report has not been verified by an independent 

third party and we have relied on internal checks and verification for accuracy. 

 

Scope 

 

This report covers the operations of the Group in Singapore and Indonesia. Unless otherwise 

stated, the data and performance as disclosed in this report cover the period from 1 January 

2019 to 31 December 2019, which is in line with our financial year (“FY”) period. 

 

Reporting Principles 

 

The report is prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, 

including: 

 

Materiality 

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost 

importance to stakeholders; 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

Taking into key stakeholders’ concerns and responding to stakeholder 

expectations and interests; 

 

Sustainability 

Context 

Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability; and 

Completeness 

Including all information that is of significant economic, environmental 

and social impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s 

performance. 

 

Accessibility 

 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts to go paperless, the Group will not print 

any hard copy of this report. An electronic version of this report is available at: 

www.topglobal.com.sg. 

 

Feedback 

 

Top Global strongly encourages stakeholders to provide constructive feedback and 

suggestions on any aspects of the Group’s sustainability journey. Please address all feedback 

to https://www.topglobal.com.sg/contact.html to help the Group improve. 


Organisational Profile 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Background 

Top Global was incorporated on 9 October 1980. Headquartered in Singapore, the Company 

was listed on SESDAQ (now known as Catalist) on 21 June 2001. On 24 December 2012, the 

Group successfully transferred to the Mainboard of SGX-ST.  

 

The Group currently focuses on the following businesses. 

 

Real Estate Development 

We offer avant-garde projects and integrated support services in the region. The Group also 

owns a controlling stake in an Indonesian company – PT Suryamas Dutamakmur Tbk 

(“Suryamas”), listed on IDX Bursa Efek Indonesia since 1995. Suryamas is in real estate 

development of residential and commercial properties cum township. Together with 

Suryamas, the Group has completed numerous projects. These projects include The Quinn 

and The Maisons (R Maison and E Maison) in Singapore; Rancamaya Gold Estate, Harvest 

City and Royal Tajur in Indonesia. Top Global’s growth strategy is to explore joint ventures 

and collaborations with other real estate players in the region to expand its project and market 

presence.  

 

Property Investment and Leasing 

Going beyond its Real Estate Development business, Top Global has experience in managing 

a wide space of properties across the region, including but not limited to hostels, hotels, 

service apartments, co-living spaces, recreational facilities. The Group takes great interest 

and passion in injecting life into properties, believing that each property deserves its own 

identify and creative disposition. Furthermore, through our know-how and the use of a digital 

ecosystem, we help property owners optimize the true potential of their assets. 

 

Smart Solutions  

Top Global Smart Solutions business focuses on the hospitality industry. Our modular suite 

of technology solutions comes in services and applications that are seamlessly integrated, 

easy to implement, taking care of both front and back end operations. These solutions are 

targeted to help the under-served fragmented segment within the hospitality market to 

increase efficiency and productivity.  

 

Recreation and Resort 

Suryamas operates an international award winning Gold course in Bogor, Jakarta. It was 

designed by Ted Robinson in 1993. We also run a 4-star hotel and resort there. The Group 

sets to bring together contemporary luxury and serenity in a stunning setting that serves a 

mark of distinction from other resorts. It is still one of the country’s most prestigious golf and 

country club today. Top Global will continue to expand our footprint in Real Estate 

development and Smart Solutions, aiming to become one of the leaders in these segments.  

 

 

 


Organisational Profile 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Background (Cont’d) 

 

The Group strives to deliver quality developments and efficient services, ensuring customer 

satisfaction, profitability and its growth. The Group also takes pride in inculcating its 

employees on the best management practices to reduce its environmental footprint through 

reduction in construction materials and wastage of materials. The Group is committed to 

integrate sustainability into its decision making processes to ensure that needs and concerns 

of various stakeholders are considered in the development of its corporate strategy. 

Sustainable business practices are promoted at workplace and dealings with suppliers and 

customers as the Group believes that enhancing sustainable values may at the same time 

enhances business performance. 

 

Awards and Accolades 

 

In addition to those awarded before 2018, the Group is proud to have garnered several new 

awards and accolades in FY2019 across multiple business segments. 

 

1. R Hotel Rancamaya Golf &amp; Resort nominated at 2019 Annual World Golf Awards for 

Indonesia’s best Golf Course and Golf Hotel. 

2. Royal Tajur’s “Green Design” award by Green Property Awards in 2018 for the 

housing project integrate balance between residential, supporting facilities, 

commercial areas, mixed use and natural beauty. 

3. R Hotel Rancamaya’s “2018 Traveler’s Choice Award” the highest honour bestowed 

by TripAdvisor. 

 

 


Governance 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

 

Supported by the Audit Committee (“AC”), the Board oversees the Group’s system of 

internal controls and risk management. The AC’s primary function is to support the Board in 

ensuring the integrity of financial reporting and providing assurance that there are appropriate 

checks and balances in place. 

 

Comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”) for key business processes are 

distributed to employees as guidelines for employees to follow in minimising operational 

risks. These SOPs are reviewed and updated regularly as to keep up-to-date with industry 

best practices. 

 

The AC ensures that periodic independent internal audits are carried out on key business 

processes testing effectiveness and adherence to the SOPs and internal controls in place.  

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

At Top Global, we recognise that our businesses in properties development and hospitality 

industry have significant direct or indirect environmental and social impacts throughout our 

supply chain. We have a diverse group of suppliers. Our suppliers range from contractors, 

service providers, and suppliers of physical goods or services. 

 

We believe in fair and transparency with our business practices, as reflected in our Group’s 

Procurement Policies which set clear guidelines on the selection process. We use a range of 

factors including portfolios, pricing, quality, sustainability concerns such as environmental 

impact of products or services, etc to evaluate the performance of suppliers. Our practice 

benefits all stakeholders as not only does this ensures that the Group receives quality goods 

and services at value for money, it also inculcates our suppliers in reducing environmental 

footprint throughout our supply chain, in particular our businesses in properties development 

and hospitality industry. 

 

Progressing forward, the Group aims to continue engaging our key suppliers in exploring 

industry best practice, environmental friendly technology, and helping us to uphold our 

commitment to social and environmental responsibility. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

It is Top Global’s commitment to conduct business activities in a transparent, ethical and 

sustainable manner. We will continue our fundamental approach in our commitment to 

maximise long term sustained economic returns for shareholders through sound and effective 

corporate business practices, and a prudent business risk approach. 

 

The Group understands the importance of cooperating with regulatory bodies. Top Global has 

complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 and the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. 

 

In line with industry best practices, Top Global promotes constructive dialog between 

stakeholders and provides avenues for stakeholders to raising their grievances. In addition to 

an open-door policy encouraging employees to consult with management, the Group has 

established and formalised a Whistleblowing Policy &amp; Procedure which is available at our  


Governance 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

Corporate Governance (Cont’d) 

 

corporate 

website 

(http://www.topglobal.com.sg/whistleblowing_policy.html). 

A 

Whistleblowing Committee chaired by an independent director has been formed to 

investigate any whistleblower complaints relating to possible improprieties in matters of 

financial reporting and other matters. They will decide on the cases to be escalated to the 

Audit Committee and the Chairman of the Board of Top Global.  

 

The Whistleblowing Committee consists of the following members: 

 

Chairman 

Members 

Independent Director &amp; 

Chairman of the Audit Committee 

Chief Operating Officer 

Financial Director 

Internal Control Head 

Human Resource Director 

Finance Manager 

 

The contact details of the Whistleblowing Committee are as follows: 

 

Address 

: 302 Orchard Road, #18-02 Tong Building, Singapore 238862 

Telephone 

: (65) 6746 4333 

Email  

: whistleblowing@topglobal.com.sg 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

It is the Group’s priority to integrate sustainability into its businesses strategies and 

processes. Where possible, the Group incorporate sustainability considerations in its decision-

making processes.  

 

Our sustainability efforts are led by the Group’s senior management who ensures that the 

Group’s business objectives are in line with its commitments to sustainable development. 

Senior management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board. 

 

The Group’s senior management determined focus areas where the Group can have the 

greatest economic, environmental and social impact, as well as the areas that are most 

important to the Group’s stakeholders.  

 

The Group has taken efforts to seek the opinion of many stakeholders either in a casual or 

formal way. The Group aspires to understand the needs and expectation of the Group’s key 

stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial relationships. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Approach 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

Stakeholders Engagement 

 

Top Global values all stakeholders as integral parts of 

our business. We work closely and regularly with our 

stakeholders, evaluate valid feedback, steer the 

Group’s business practices toward more progressive, 

environmentally friendly equitable goals.   

 

 

 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

 

How to Engage Stakeholders 

Key Topics 

Employees 

 Informal gatherings 

 Performance appraisals 

 Corporate events 

 Orientation and training 

programs. 

 Target setting and skills 

development 

 Staff morale and teambuilding 

 Performance review 

 Diversity in the workplace 

Customers 

 Enquiry and feedback 

channels 

 Customers satisfaction 

surveys 

 Products quality assurance 

 Sales quotation 

 Post sales enquiry 

Governments 

 Consultations 

 Discussions with 

governmental agencies 

 Regulatory Compliance 

 Reporting deadlines 

 Environmental initiatives 

Shareholders 

 Announcements made in 

stock exchange portal 

 Annual general meeting 

 Annual reports 

 Financial results 

 Corporate governance practices 

 Investor relations 

Suppliers 

 Quotations 

 Supplier evaluation 

 Project enquiries 

 Bidding criteria  

Local 

Communities 

 Community outreach 

 Feedback and enquiry 

channels 

 CSR events 

 Environmental concerns 

 Noise concerns 

 

 




Sustainability Approach 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

Material Topic Assessment 

 

The selection of our material sustainability topics was conducted by engagement with our 

stakeholders. With expectations and concerns raised by our stakeholders, we conducted an 

internal workshop in discussing the relative materiality of each topics in economic, 

environmental and social aspects, by considering the impact on our businesses, as well as the 

level of expectation or concern raised by the stakeholders. We then plotted the topics on a 

materiality matrix, which was used to identify and prioritise our efforts. The assessment 

generated six material aspects that were identified as high importance for our stakeholders. 

 

Topic 

Relevance and 

Impacts 

Mapped GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

Economic 

Performance

 

Fulfilling the 

Board’s duties to 

shareholders 

through sustained 

economic growth 

and returns. 

GRI 201 – Economic 

Performance  

 

Sustainability Report 2019 Page 

10 

 

Annual Report 2019 – 

Consolidated Statement of 

Comprehensive Income 

Market Presence 

 

Hiring locals with 

living-wage jobs, 

uplifts local 

communities and 

strengthen the 

domestic 

economy. 

GRI 202 – Market 

Presence 2016 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 – Page 

12 

Human Capital 

 

Employees are 

our assets. 

Transparent and 

fair employment 

practices 

combined with 

attractive career 

advancement 

prospective 

ensures that we 

get and keep the 

best. 

GRI 401 – 

Employment  

 

GRI 404 – Training 

and Education  

 

Sustainability Report 2019 – Page 

13 

Energy 

Management 

 

Energy 

conservation 

initiatives to 

reduce carbon 

footprints which 

also reduce 

operational costs. 

GRI 302 – Energy  

 

Sustainability Report 2018 – Page 

15 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

Measures to 

protect 

customers’ data 

and privacy 

GRI 418 – Customer 

Privacy  

 

Sustainability Report 2019 – Page 

15 

 

Compliance with 

Laws and 

Regulations 

 

Close monitoring 

and compliance 

with industry 

related laws and 

regulations  

GRI 307 – 

Environmental 

Compliance  

 

GRI 419 – 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance  

 

Sustainability Report 2019 – Page 

16 

 














Sustainability Topics 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

Economic Performance 

 

Financial Highlights 

 

Summary of Results 

Financial Year 

 

2018 

2019 

Revenue 

S$79.8 million 

S$58.4 million 

Gross Profit 

S$33.5 million 

S$30.2 million 

Other Gains 

S$4.6 million 

S$11.6 million 

Net Profit 

S$1.8 million 

S$5.4 million 

 

Decrease in revenue from sales of Singapore development properties combined with an 

expired hostel lease in Singapore were major factors in the Group’s decreased revenue by 

S$21.4 million or 26% for FY2019. 

 

The Group’s gross profit for FY2019 decreased by S$3.4 million, but the gross profit margins 

was higher compared to FY2018. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to 

higher profit margin obtained from sale of development properties in FY2019 compared to 

FY2018. 

 

Regarding other gains, the Group recorded a strong showing, increasing the gains 150% 

amounting to S$7 million. These gains were largely attributable to gain on bargain purchase 

of S$7.7 million recognised on the acquisition of subsidiaries, and partially offset by a 

decrease in fair value gain recognised on financial assets. 

 

The Group achieved a 3-fold increase in net profit for FY2019 when compared to FY2018. 

This translate to an increase of S$3.6 million from S$1.8 million in FY2018 to S$5.4 million 

in FY2019. This significant increase can be largely traced to income tax expenses decreasing 

by S$4.4 million in FY2019 from S$2 million over provision of tax, absence of S$1 million 

under provision of tax expenses from prior years, a S$ 1.1 million decrease in current income 

tax, and S$0.3 million in tax provision. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for 2020 

 

The start of 2020 has seen a harsh blow dealt to the tourism sector globally with the outbreak 

of the Covid-19 resulting in travel restrictions and quarantine orders implemented in many 

countries. This will undoubtedly severely impact the Singapore and Indonesia economies 

with the hospitality sector likely to bear the brunt of it. The property development sector was 

also affected due to the restrictions greatly reducing the number of foreign workers allowed 

to enter the country. The Group will continue to monitor the situation closely and make 

careful decisions with regards to businesses concerns. 

 

The Group plans to increase focus in the following areas for further growth and development:  

 

 Real estate development: The Group hopes to continue generating profits in subsequent 

years by closely monitoring the opportunities arising in relation to the overall 


Sustainability Topics 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

development plans of our residential projects in Rancamaya, Royal Tajur and Harvest 

City respectively. 

 

 Recreation and Resort: The Group strives to minimise the financial impact which is 

expected to bring on to the Group’s golf and country club and hotel operations in 

Indonesia in near future, by continues to monitor the global situation regarding Covid-19 

and develop alternative business solutions to mitigate the impact. 

 

 Smart Solutions and Property Investment and Leasing: The Group plans to capitalise on 

the potential opportunity where hotels in Singapore are expected to take advantage of the 

lull period to carry out upgrading work and be prepared for the upturn. The Group strives 

to see the increase of revenue contribution in these segments by continue innovating and 

developing eco-friendly application solutions that help conserving resources at hospitality 

industries and properties managed by the Group. 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Topics 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

Market Presence 

 

The Group has a significant presence in both Singapore where we are headquartered and 

Indonesia where we have a significant operations presence there with multiple current 

ongoing property development projects. 

 

The communities in which we operate in, are the cornerstone of the Group. Without their 

support we would not be where we are currently. We follow a merit-based non-

discriminatory policy, hiring from the local community whenever possible. The Group also 

demonstrates our commitment to our employees by providing them with more than just an 

equitable living wage. The Group also provides employees with safe working environments, 

and ample opportunity for career advancement. 

 

Our employees at Singapore are all paid fair wage in accordance with the Ministry of 

Manpower’s regulatory requirements. As an employer, we have been fulfilling  our 

obligations in making statutory Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions in a timely 

manner.  

 

Indonesian employees, which accounts for over 90% of the Group’s workforce, have their 

salaries benchmarked against Indonesia’s minimum wage as the baseline. Being merit based, 

the Group pays employees based on performance, qualification, skills, and experience. The 

Group also gladly contributes to Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (“BPJS”), Indonesia’s 

social security which covers employees’ insurance, old age benefits, pensions and healthcare. 

 

Whenever possible, the Group values promoting from within the local community. This is 

demonstrated with the majority of senior management in both Singapore and Indonesia being 

sourced from the local community. We have kept to our commitment of empowering the 

local community by increasing the number of local senior management staff in Singapore 

from 9 (90%) to 13 (81%), and in Indonesia 100% of the Group’s senior management staff 

are local, a continuation from FY2018 reporting. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

The Group plans to continue with our merit base approach of hiring from the local 

community. The Group is also exploring ways to collaborate with local and online 

employment agencies to increase outreach to local communities regarding career 

opportunities. 

 

 

 


Sustainability Topics 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

Human Capital 

 

Employment Policy 

 

Meritocracy is key not only in hiring but retaining top talent at Top Global. The Group is 

transparent in communicating with employees the expectations the Group has of them and 

their key performance indicators. These performance indicators were carefully crafted to be 

objective, measurable and in line with Top Global’s business goals. All employees undergo 

annual performance review with respective superior, to better understand areas that they 

excel in and areas for improvement in order to achieve career progression. 

 

Employee Benefits 

 

The Group supports employee’s mental and physical wellbeing through promoting family 

centric work-life balance integration for fulltime employees. In addition to leave benefits 

mandated by governmental regulations, the Group goes above and beyond by encouraging 

employees to utilise additional welfare benefits such as compassionate, paternity and 

childcare leave provided to them. In FY2019, 3 male employees and 10 female employees 

were entitled to parental leave and all have taken the entitled parental leave. All the 

employees returned to work after the parental leave ended. The return to work rate was 100% 

for both gender and retention rates of employees that took parental leave were 100% for male 

and 100% for female. 

 

Training and Development 

 

The Group advocates for employees to continuously cultivate their thirst for knowledge and 

skill development. During FY2019, management organised a slew of training programs 

available for employees to attend, including and not limited to Applied Revenue Management 

in Hotel Industry, Leadership Development Program, Presentation and Conduct Effective 

Meeting, Negotiation and Personal Evaluation, and Working Culture and Motivation. 

 

All new employees are also mandated to attend training programs and workshops designed to 

familiarise them with the working environment, culture, equipment and applications at their 

disposal. This facilitates new employees in better understanding the Group’s business 

objectives and provides trainings on proper workplace health, safety and operations 

requirements. 

 

The Group also supports employees who decide to undertake external training courses to 

develop their skills and knowledge, through a reimbursement fund employees can apply to. 

 

Throughout FY2019, each employee accumulated an average of 8 hours of training, similar 

to the 8 hours of training per employee recorded in FY2018. 

 

Employee Code of Conduct 

 

Within the employee handbook is a set of Employees Code of Conduct that all employees 

have agreed to adhere by upon joining us. The Code of Conduct is comprehensive, covering 

anti-discrimination, anti-corruption and workplace harassment policies. The Group has also 

established and communicated a framework that provides avenues for employees to voice 

their grievances and concerns. On top of the direct channels of communications available, 


Sustainability Topics 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

employees were educated on the Group’s Whistleblowing Policy, as an additional avenue to 

report more serious incidents securely, and without fear of reprisal from direct supervisors. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

The Group is committed to ensuring that employees have transferable skills and are adaptable 

to rapidly changing challenges of the modern era. We will be reviewing training programs 

and training funds available to employees and updating them as we see fit. During the much 

impacted Covid-19 situation, we strive to maintain operational and financial stability by 

reviewing remuneration and benefits of employee as well as alternative working arrangement. 

 

Employee Statistic  

 

Employee Turnover 

Region 

Female 

(FY2018) 

Female 

(FY2019) 

Male  

(FY2018) 

Male   

(FY2019) 

Singapore 

23.57% 

37.84% 

30.52% 

21.05% 

Indonesia 

12.00% 

32.75% 

20.64% 

14.75% 

 

New Employee Hires 

Region 

Female 

(FY2018) 

Female 

(FY2019) 

Male  

(FY2018) 

Male  

(FY2019) 

Singapore  

27 

10 

26 

12 

Indonesia 

53 

55 

104 

79 

 

By Category 

Region 

Female 

(FY2018) 

Female 

(FY2019) 

Male  

(FY2018) 

Male  

(FY2019) 

Management 

level and above 

20 

23 

44 

46 

Executives 

163 

154 

244 

249 

General 

worker 

47 

36 

293 

283 

 

By Employment Type, Region 

Employment Type 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Permanent 

40 

419 

Contract 

3 

329 

 

By Employment Type 

Region 

Female 

(FY2018) 

Female 

(FY2019) 

Male  

(FY2018) 

Male  

(FY2019) 

Permanent 

132 

128 

329 

331 

Contract 

(Freelance) 

98 

85 

252 

247 

 

 


Sustainability Topics 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

Energy Management 

 

With the advent of climate change upon us, environmental sustainability is at the forefront of 

a sizeable number of investors’ minds. As an established and reputable property developer, 

the Group understands the importance of our role in ensuring energy efficiency when 

developing property and managing our hotels and resorts, not only to reduce our buildings’ 

carbon footprint, but also being responsible to customers and guests in reducing maintenance 

costs. Since 2018, The Group has also been tracking our buildings’ energy consumption as a 

gauge for areas where energy saving measures could be effective. In FY2019, the Group’s 

operation in Singapore had consumed 147,013 KwH of electricity while its operation in 

Indonesia had consumed 601,252 KwH of electricity. Compared with FY2018 of 179,3953 

KwH and 636,934 KwH at Singapore and Indonesia respectively, this is a 18% fall in 

electricity usage in Singapore and 6% fall in Indonesia. This is in line with our FY2018 

objective of monitoring and reducing consumption. 

 

The Group reduced our electricity consumption through leveraging technology. We 

continued installation of motion sensors in properties managed by the Group. These sensors 

would activate electric appliances only when people are in the vicinity of the properties’ 

facilities. This conserves electricity especially at night when there is no one around using the 

facilities. We also continue our replacement of filament lights with Light-Emitting Diode 

(“LED”) and Compact Fluorescent Light (“CFL”) that uses up to 75% less energy. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

The Group continues our commitment to monitor and analyse our energy consumption, 

research new innovative solutions to optimise usage and reduce our carbon footprint, to 

monitor electricity utilisation rates and take conscientious efforts to conserve electricity 

consumption. Going forward, the Group would also continue to take the initiative in 

reminding employees to conserve electricity when not in use, and when replacing equipment 

and accessories, to select the environmentally friendly option where feasible. 

 

Customer Privacy 

 

We value the privacy of all our customers and take the utmost effort in ensuring their data is 

safeguarded. As part of our business operations, we collect customer data both for regulatory 

requirements such as law enforcement and operational purposes like reservations and billing 

particularly in hospitality services and property management. 

 

We have strict protocols established inside our data protection policy, disseminated to all 

employees, in addition to actively monitoring compliance to local laws and regulation. 

Customer data used for business purposes would only be accessible to the small segment of 

authorised employees that require them to better serve the customer. We periodically review 

and update the access rights to fit business needs, and we have embedded an audit trail into 

the systems to be able to track data accessed by employees if needed. 

 

In addition, we require explicit documented consent from customers before collecting their 

data, and we ensure customers are provided information on what is the purpose of the data 

 

3 Note: Due to the closure of hostel operations in FY2019, electricity consumption for FY2018 has been 

adjusted accordingly for comparative purposes. 


Sustainability Topics 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

collected. The information is stored within our secured information technology system that 

includes safeguarding measures including limited access rights, firewalls, and a strict internet 

usage policy. 

 

The Group is appreciative of the dedication from employees to protect customers’ data, and 

are delighted to announce that in FY2019, we have maintained our target of zero reported 

breaches of customer privacy nor any substantiated complaints concerning loss of customers’ 

data. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

The Group remains committed to safeguard our customers’ data and privacy and continues to 

maintain our high standards of zero reported of breaches of customer privacy. 

 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations  

 

Top Global maintains a positive reputation with all stakeholders as a law-abiding Group that 

is transparent and fair with our business dealings.  

 

The Group’s corporate governance practices include robust, regularly reviewed and updated 

internal controls combined with active monitoring of changes to laws and regulations in the 

countries the Group operates in. These measures ensure that there are preventive, detective 

and mitigative controls in place to reduce the risks of material breaches of local laws and 

regulations.  

 

The Group is proud to announce that for the FY2019, there were zero incidences of non-

compliance to local laws and regulations in the environmental, social and economic aspects 

issued to the Group in line with previously stated goals. 

 

Subsequent Reporting for FY2020 

 

We strive to maintain zero reported incident of non-compliance compliance to the laws and 

regulations in the environmental, social and economic aspects, through regular monitoring of 

any changes and new developments of the related laws and regulations. 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

 

17 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

102-4 Location of operations 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

Annual Report 2019 Page 6-9 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

102-6 Markets served 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

Annual Report 2019 Page 6-9 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

Annual Report 2019 Page 49-55 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 14 

102-9 Supply chain  

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

There are no significant changes to the Group’s 

size, structure, ownership or supply chain in this 

reporting period. 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 6 

102-12 External initiatives  

The Group does not subscribe to any significant 

external initiatives 

102-13 Membership of associations 

No main memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or international advocacy 

organisations maintained at organisational level 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 2 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 4 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report 2019: Page 10-12 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 8 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

The management has not adopted any collective 

bargaining agreement 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 8 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 8 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 9 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2019: Page 96-106 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 9 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 15 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

There is no changes in reporting 

102-50 Reporting period 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

30 May 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 17-18 

102-56 External assurance 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 3 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – GRI Content Index 

 

18 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 9-16 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 9-16 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 9-16 

GRI 201: Economic Performance  

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 10-11 

GRI 202: Market Presence  

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 12 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the 

local community 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 12 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 15 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 16 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-1 New employees hires and employee turnover 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 14 

401-2 Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employee 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 13 

401-3 Parental leave 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 14 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 13 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance program 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 13 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 15-16 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

Sustainability Report 2019: Page 16 

 

