











ＴＯＳＥＩ



ＧＲＯＵＰ



ＥＳＧ



ＲＥＰＯＲＴ



２０１９

ＣＯＮＴＥＮＴＳ

1

⚫ Message from Executive Officer 

in Charge of Promoting ESG

⚫ Recap of Mid-term Plan

"Seamless Growth 2020"

⚫ Tosei Group’s ESG promotion system

•

The Tosei Group ESG Policy

•

ESG promotion system

•

Commitment to SDGs

⚫ Environment

•

Environmental Targets and Vision

•

Initiatives Through Business Activities

•

Environmental awareness-raising and education

•

Third-party evaluation

⚫ Social

•

For Our Customers

•

For Our Employees

•

Contributions to Local Communities

⚫ Corporate Governance

•

Our Idea of Corporate Governance

•

Compliance

•

Risk Management 

•

Timely and appropriate disclosure

⚫ Corporate Data 

3

4

9

14

18

2

2


Recap of Mid-term Plan "Seamless Growth 2020"

Message from Executive Officer in Charge of Promoting ESG



Executive 

Officer in 

Charge of 

Promoting ESG

Noboru Hirano

Growth Strategy

Achieve further growth in the existing five businesses

Establish new profit-making businesses in addition to 

the existing five businesses

Strengthen the Business Base

Improve financial conditions 

to support the expansion of 

business scale

Strengthen optimum 

corporate governance

Increase employee 

satisfaction, strengthen 

organizational capabilities and 

improve productivity

Enhancement of Tosei’s 

brand based on an 

awareness of ESG

We established our Mid-term Plan “Seamless Growth 2020” covering the three years from the fiscal 

year ended November 30, 2018 to the fiscal year ending November 30, 2020, adopting “achieve 

further growth in the existing businesses” and “establish new profit-making businesses” as growth 

strategies while at the same time positioning “strengthen the business base” to support growth as 

an important policy. "Enhancement of Tosei’s brand based on an awareness of ESG” means aiming 

to achieve sustainable growth and contributing to society into the future by becoming a company 

that inspires trust in all kinds of stakeholders through the incorporation of ESG considerations into 

its management.

2

Recently, ESG investment has been expanding worldwide, particularly among 

major institutional investors. ESG investment refers to an investment method 

in which consideration is given to important indicators of whether investment 

target companies recognize three factors, namely, the environment, society 

and government, as significant in terms of management and implement 

corporate management (ESG management) accordingly. With companies 

becoming increasingly expected and pressured to engage in ESG, the Tosei 

Group has adopted “enhance Tosei’s brand value based on an  awareness of 

ESG” as part of a fundamental policy to strengthen the business base under 

its Mid-term Plan “Seamless Growth 2020,” and aims to step up ESG 

initiatives. We have always promoted enhancement of corporate governance 

and real estate revitalization and development based on an awareness of 

reducing environmental impact as part of our CSR activities, and to realign and 

further develop our activities to date with ESG management, the Group 

established the Tosei Group ESG Policy and ESG Action Guidelines in January 

2019 and developed a framework for their implementation.

From 2020, we will position the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as 

important indicators for the Tosei Group’s ESG management, determine the 

role to be played by the Group and material issues for realization of a 

sustainable society and endeavor to practice ESG management to ensure that 

the Group continues to be of value in the eyes of its various stakeholders.

Noboru Hirano


The Tosei Group has a mission of creating new value and inspiration in all aspects of real estate 

as a global-minded group of seasoned professionals. It regards its commitment to the 

Environment, Society and Governance as a priority management challenge. It will seriously 

address the social issues associated with real estate to contribute to society and achieve its 

own continuous growth. 

Tosei Group’s ESG promotion system

ESG promotion system

Commitment to SDGs



■ESG Promotion Meeting

An ESG Promotion Meeting is held mainly to deliberate 

and determine ESG-related policies and action plans. 

The meeting is made up of Executive Officers 

determined by the Board of Directors and its 

examination results are reported to the Board of 

Directors and reflected in management plans and 

business activities.

(Eight meetings were held during FY2019.)

We have created links between the UN Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs) and the Tosei Group ESG Policy and Action Guidelines. 

In the future, we plan to select material issues for the Group to 

focus on.

The Tosei Group ESG Action 

Guidelines

Relationship with SDGs

Ｅ

Carry out business activities with 

environmental considerations

Ｓ

Take actions that increase the 

value of real estate

Contribute to tenants, locals and 

communities through real estate 

owned

Increase customer satisfaction

Increase employee satisfaction

G

Carry out business activities that 

achieve sound growth

Comply with laws and regulations

Disclose ESG information

























The Tosei Group ESG Policy

3









■ESG Project Teams

We establish ESG Projects Teams made up of members of each department as subordinate 

organizations to the ESG Promotion Meeting and these teams implement action plans and make 

reports as and when necessary.


Environmental Targets and Vision

Given pressing issues such as the changing attitudes towards environmental issues and reduction 

of greenhouse gas emissions, the Tosei Group takes its corporate responsibility as a real estate 

company seriously. To step up its environmental initiatives, the Group established the Tosei Group 

Eco Declaration in April 2019 and it conducts business activities based on Eco-Missions consisting 

of three action policies.

Environment

■Establishment of targets in the environmental area

Targets for energy-saving and 

greenhouse gas emission reductions 

Water-saving 

targets

Targets for waste 

generation 

reductions 

Long-term 

targets

Decrease energy consumption and 

greenhouse gas emissions by 5%, 

respectively, in terms of basic units in 

five years

Reduce water 

consumption by 

2.5% in five 

years

Reduce waste 

generation by 

2.5% in five years

Short-term 

targets

Decrease energy consumption and 

greenhouse gas emissions by 1%, 

respectively, in terms of basic units in 

one year

Reduce water 

consumption by 

0.5% in one year

Reduce waste 

generation by 

0.5% in one year

Target 

properties

Fixed assets owned by the Company

The Group has set itself reduction targets in the three areas shown below to promote 

environmental initiatives.

In the product planning phase both in the case of new construction and renovation to add value, 

we examine using eco-friendly equipment which suits property characteristics and we actively 

adopt products that are eco-friendly in a variety of ways, for example, equipment that conserves 

energy and saves resources. Especially when adding value to existing properties after acquisition, 

the Group considers the adoption of specifications which will help conserve energy and save 

money and resources based on the “Three Value-Ups Code” for adding value across three 

dimensions: “Security,” “Design” and “Ecofriendly.”

■Creation of sustainable value ～Three Value-Ups Code～

4

Tosei Group 

Eco 

Declaration

In order to achieve our slogan "Heart into the City", the Tosei Group declares its 

intention to promote corporate activities that are friendly to people and the 

environment and to work to reduce burdens on the environment, while keeping true 

to our philosophy "To create new value and inspiration in all aspects of real estate."

Eco-

Mission

■Mission 1

Promote environmental 

practice through 

business activities

We strive to minimize 

environmental burdens 

by introducing measures 

to contribute to energy 

conservation and 

resource saving in the 

real-estate 

revitalization.

■Mission 2

Comply with environmental 

laws, regulations and raising 

of environmental awareness

We work to conserve the 

environment by complying 

with environmental laws and 

regulations. We will also 

conduct various measures 

aiming to increase Tosei group 

employees environmental 

conservation awareness.

■Mission 3

Inform our activities to 

stakeholder

Starting with the 

announcement of “Eco 

Declaration” and “Eco 

Mission”, we will 

promote open 

communication with the 

society while providing 

information on our 

progress and results.


Initiatives Through Business Activities

In the revitalization and development of real estate, The Tosei Group has been striving to reduce 

the burden on the global environment by actively introducing measures that contribute to energy 

and resource savings.

収益オフィスの省エネ改修

■Installation of LED lighting in existing 

office building

We are promoting the installation of LED lighting in our 

portfolio properties to achieve the reduction target we 

set in 2019.   Last year, we installed LED lighting in two 

existing office properties, reducing electricity 

consumption by 30% on average. Besides reducing 

electricity consumption and costs, the installation work is 

also expected to improve tenant satisfaction through 

better lighting and easier maintenance.

Awajicho 

Tosei building



■Revitalization of existing properties as own-brand hotels

In the case of Tosei Hotel Cocone Ueno, which is the Group’s second own brand hotel, we 

converted an office building that was standing completely empty into a hotel. In the first-floor 

entrance, which is the public face of the hotel, we took out the first-floor ceiling and built a new 

stairwell leading to the reception on the second floor. We also created a roof terrace where 

guests can relax.

In the case of Tosei Hotel &amp; Seminar Makuhari, scheduled to open in May 2020, Tosei acquired 

the business of operating an aging training facility. We then renovated the entire building to add 

value and are currently in the process of turning it into a facility which meets corporate training 

needs and the training and accommodation needs of other organizations. We will continue 

making full use of existing properties in the future by creatively converting them into hotels.

Shinbashi frontia 

building





TOSEI HOTEL &amp; SEMINAR

MAKUHARI

Before

After





Before

After

Remodeling a cafeteria into a restaurant

Convert to rooms that can be accommodated in groups



TOSEI HOTEL COCONE UENO





Before

After

Creating a roof terrace on the roof





5

Environment


■Participation in program to promote creation of quake-resistant 

and energy-efficient real estate

In 2013, Tosei Asset Advisors was selected as a manager of the first real estate fund operated 

by the general incorporated association Real Estate Sustainability &amp; Energy-Efficiency 

Diffusion (Re-Seed) in a program to promote creation of quake-resistant and energy-efficient 

real estate launched by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the 

Ministry of the Environment. Tosei Asset Advisors was selected as a manager of the second real 

estate fund in 2014, and again in 2017.

Environment

■Development of net-zero energy housing (ZEH)

Tosei Urban Home Corporation is registered under the “Registration 

System of ZEH Builder” launched by METI and aims to increase the 

ZEH share of the properties it supplies annually to 60% by 2020.  

The number of ZEH buildings supplied as of the end of November 

2019 was 16 out of 33, which represents a share of 48%. We aim to 

continue contributing to the reduction of CO2 emissions through the 

spread of ZEH in the future.





Main 

specifications 

and equipment 

Solar power

High performance insulation

Energy meter

ＴＨＥ PALMS COURT 

KAMAKURASHIROMEGURI





■Revitalization of idle company-owned apartments

With population decreasing due to the country’s declining birthrate 

and aging society, it is increasingly critical to take appropriate 

measures to deal with the issue of abandoned houses and offices. 

Tosei therefore undertakes to purchase idle company-owned 

apartments. By making upgrades to a whole building or restyling a 

building for use as condominiums, it seeks to use existing buildings as 

effectively as possible.



Tsuzuki Ward, Yokohama

■ Promotion of greening

We are actively incorporating green spaces into existing properties and newly developed 

properties as part of our commitment to reducing the environmental impact of our activities. As of 

the end of November 2019, the total area we had “greened,” including the rooftops and walls of 

office buildings and the sites of condominiums, was 3,673m2. We also plan to incorporate green 

spaces into commercial facilities and hotels currently under development.





ＴＨＥ PALMS CHOFU MANOR GARDEN

TOSEI HOTEL COCONE 

UENOOKACHIMACHI



6


Environment

Environmental awareness-raising and education

In May 2010, the Tosei Group introduced greening to the rooftop 

of its head office, Toranomon Tosei Building. It did so mainly to 

bolster the environmental awareness of employees and to 

encourage communication, as well as to help alleviate the heat 

island phenomenon. The Group strives to raise employees' 

environmental awareness through events in which employees can 

take part, such as raising seasonal flowers and vegetables and 

holding the Harvest Festival, for example.

■Rooftop Greening

We are gradually making meeting materials, approval documents and other documents paperless 

through the development of our IT environment. We also continue to take slow and steady actions, 

such as using fans and halogen heaters rather than relying entirely on air-conditioning systems. 

We believe that continuous initiatives throughout the year are important to save resources and 

conserve energy and intend to continue raising awareness and educating employees about 

environmentally-friendly activities they can do in their daily lives.

■ In-house resource and energy conservation initiatives

Each employee of the Tosei Group strives to improve awareness of environmental conservation, 

and pursues environmental initiatives in his/her daily life. These initiatives are aimed at reducing 

the burden on the environment and developing a sustainable society. The project team, which 

consists of members selected from each department, plays the leading role in internal eco-friendly 

activities.

■Adoption of new eco-friendly materials for employees’ 

business cards

The Group changed the material of business cards used by the Group’s employees to LIMEX. This 

material is eco-friendly because almost no water or trees are used. The Group aims to reduce the 

amount of paper used and raise environmental awareness among employees by replacing business 

cards, the use of which reaches 500 pieces per person every year, with those made of eco-friendly 

materials.





■Participation in Events

The Group has participated in community volunteer activities 

since 2009. This year, it took part in the Nishinagisa-Hatsu 

Tokyo-Satoumi-Aid, a clean-up event held at Kasai Rinkai Park 

to remove marine debris. It also checked the types of debris 

collected and measured the total volume to contribute to 

future surveys for identifying the cause of marine debris. 

Going forward, the Company will continue to promote 

environmental conservation activities.

Volunteers for cleaning activities



７


Environment

■「Acquisition of A rank certification of the Certification 

for CASBEE for Real Estate

Toranomon Tosei Building, an office building developed by Tosei, received 

an A rank certification of the Certification for CASBEE for Real Estate, 

which comprehensively assesses and rates the environmental 

performance of buildings.



Toranomon Tosei 

Building



About Certification for CASBEE for Real Estate

Certification for CASBEE for Real Estate is a system in which a third 

party examines and certifies assessment results prepared in 

accordance with CASBEE for Real Estate (formerly CASBEE for Market 

Promotion), an evaluation system that ranks buildings and structures in 

terms of their environmental performance. The system assesses 

buildings across a broad range of considerations including their energy 

and resource efficiency, recycling activity and environmental load as 

well as considerations for protecting biodiversity.

When raising funds for the acquisition of properties, we utilize loans programs for companies that 

are practicing environmentally conscious management offered by various banks. We have 

benefited from favorable interest rates on a total of seven occasions since 2010 under the 

environmentally rated loan programs of Mizuho Bank and the Yachiyo Bank as well as the Hokuriku 

Bank’s Eco-Leadmaster environmentally rated loan program. Loan program environmental rating 

assessments rated us highly for management that promotes environmentally conscious business 

activities and ESG initiatives across the entire Group. 

■Utilization of environmentally rated loan programs

■Participation in GRESB Real Estate Assessment

Tosei Corporation participated in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment for the 

first time in 2019 and received a “1 Star” in the GRESB Rating, which is a 

relative evaluation based on the overall GRESB Score.



About the GRESB Real Estate Assessment…

GRESB is an annual benchmark which measures environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) 

considerations in real assets including real estate and infrastructure held and managed by real 

estate companies and funds．It was established primarily by major European pension funds 

groups based on the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in 2009. A total of 964 

entities, including real estate companies, REITs and funds, globally participated in the 2019 

GRESB Real Estate Ratings.

Third-party evaluation

The Tosei Group actively acquires third-party reviews of its environmental performance data both as 

a benchmark for implementing and evaluating initiatives based on its ESG Policy and ESG Action 

Guidelines and in order to improve the reliability of the real estate it handles.

8


Environment





Office 

building in 

Taito Ward

Office 

building in 

Yokohama 

City

About “Building Energy-efficiency Labeling System” 

(BELS)

BELS is a system which evaluates energy conservation 

performance of buildings through a third-party 

evaluative organization and accredits them based on 

the Guidelines on Indicating the Energy Consumption 

Performance of Buildings established by the Ministry 

of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.

・ Acquisition ofＢＥＬＳ



Office 

building in 

Sumida 

Ward

About DBJ Green Building Certification 

DBJ Green Building Certification is a certification system established by the Development Bank 

of Japan (DBJ) in April 2011 to act as a bridge between businesses and financial institutions 

and investors through the evaluation of real estate with high environmental and social 

awareness. The system supports ESG initiatives at existing buildings through comprehensive 

evaluation, which includes consideration for the social requirements from various stakeholders 

surrounding the properties in addition to their environmental performance.

Tosei Asset Advisors, Inc. is working to acquire a range of certifications through initiatives such as 

the installation of environmentally-friendly equipment such as LED lighting and energy monitoring 

at office buildings for which it provides asset management services and the proposal and 

conclusion of green lease agreements (lease contracts which include articles on environmental 

consideration). 

■Acquisition of environmental certifications for real estate at 

Tosei Asset Advisers

OSJ Kinshicho TMK and OSJ NSY TMK, which are provided with asset 

management services by Tosei Asset Advisors, Inc., received a “Green Star” 

designation and a rating of “4 Stars.”

・Acquisition of “4 Stars” in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment





・Acquisition of DBJ Green Building Certification





Office building in Sumida Ward



Office building in Yokohama City

9


■Creation of comfortable residences

In the detached house development business, the Group proposes residences that are comfortable 

for all family members in response to increasingly diverse lifestyles, including the rise in 

households where both partners work. At certain houses in The Palms Court Kamakura Shiromeguri, 

we have planned houses where all family members can easily take part in family chores, considering 

the line of flow. In product planning, we focused attention on the views of women, who support the 

lives of family members through family chores and child rearing. A project team consisting chiefly 

of female employees is responsible for the project from planning to development to create more 

comfortable houses.





Iron counter

Island kitchen

For Our Customers

Social

We are conscious of creating products that respond to social issues and needs as the times change.







Atrium living room

wood deck

■Creation of Community Spaces in Condominiums

In new condominiums for sale and rental condominiums, we actively incorporate community 

spaces that residents can use depending on the situation. At THE Palms Chofu Manor Garden, a 

new condominium that sold out in 2019, we sought to create an environment where residents 

with different lifestyles could live comfortably, with the Picnic Terrace, an area where children 

can play and family members and other residents can gather, and the Relaxing Library, suitable 

for studying and reading.



Kid’s Room

Soil space with high 

storage capacity

mama counter







Relax Library

Afternoon Garden

10


Tosei is an ISO 9001-certified company for the planning, design, construction work 

management and after-sales service (regular inspections) of condominiums, office 

buildings, commercial buildings and detached houses, and engages in strict quality 

management in compliance with ISO 9001. Tosei Community Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of 

Tosei Corporation, is also an ISO 9001-certified entity that undertakes the planning and 

provision of general management operations for condominiums, office buildings and 

rental condominiums.

As part of quality management, the Tosei Group is in the process of adopting more unique initiatives.

【Meetings for examining quality improvements】

In conjunction with the construction or renovation of new or existing office buildings and 

condominiums, among other properties, Tosei conducts detailed checks on specifications and in-

depth meetings with the attendance of three parties—the Company, design and construction 

management companies, and construction companies. It seeks to strengthen collaboration among 

concerned parties to provide better products while preventing the occurrence of issues.

・ISO 9001 (quality management system)

・Efforts to pursue quality improvements in products in response to 

customer needs Meetings 



【Feedback on customer requests for products】

Tosei is moving forward with efforts to plan and design products with better quality by internally 

sharing feedback on complaints and requests raised by customers during after-sales inspections 

and their straightforward opinions obtained from personal perspectives and resident 

questionnaires.

[TOSEI-QC-10]

Tosei manages all processes related to the construction and 

maintenance of new or existing office buildings or condominiums 

through three parties—the Company, design and construction 

management companies, and construction companies—based on Tosei's 

unique quality control standards, TOSEI-QC-10. Tosei strives to provide 

customers with safe and reliable products by conducting inspections 

and particularly rechecking those items that customers cannot oversee.

・Implementation of evaluations and inspections by third parties

For the THE Palms Yutenji Master Place, a newly constructed 

condominium, Tosei implements evaluations and inspections through 

the Japan Constructive Inspect Association, a third party designated 

by the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, as well as 

inspections based on laws and regulations to provide safe and 

reliable housing to customers.

■Management of product quality

Social



■Barrier-Free Houses

THE Palms Court series of condominiums for sale includes barrier-free “Withstyle” homes for the 

elderly. These homes, Tosei applies a unique design code consisting of 10 items based on the 

concept of a permanent residence, to create house designs suitable for any situation in a long life. 

Features include the installation of a closet that can be converted into an elevator at low cost 

should an elevator become necessary in the future and wheelchair-accessible designs.



May 2019 

update

11


For Our Employees

Social

■Creation of happy, positive workplaces

We endeavor to create workplace environments that are based on respect for the diversity of the 

workforce regardless of differences such as gender or age and where all employees can reach 

their full potential.

- Group training for new graduates 

- Training for instructors of new graduates

- Training for mid-career hires

- Training for newly assigned junior administrator (one year)

- Training on management for managers

- Training at business schools (one year)

- Real estate notary training

- Compliance training

- Mental health training

- ESG training

■Human resource development training

The Tosei Group helps each employee enhance their skills and abilities through the implementation 

of human resource training programs and the adoption of systems that facilitate personal 

development and qualification acquisition. To develop a globally-minded group of seasoned 

professionals, as described in its corporate philosophy, the Group also provides external 

management school training aimed to develop the next generation of leaders as well as training for 

employees according to occupational level.



The Real estate 

notary training

・Whistleblowing system

Tosei operates a whistle-blowing system consisting of three Tosei Hotlines that can be accessed 

by all Group employees. We also have a contact point in the Human Resource Department to 

prevent harassment and deal even more quickly with any harassment that does arise.

・Family days

We hold family days once a year to give children a better understanding of their parents’ job and 

workplace. In 2019, a total of 20 families or 62 family members attended the family day and 

enjoyed activities such as swapping business cards, a stamp rally around the offices, and making 

models of homes. The day also served as a social occasion for employees and their family 

members to get to know each other.

・Circle activities

We subsidize circle activities to encourage communication among employees. A total of eight 

circles, including cultural and sports circles, have been established to date, providing employees 

with a valuable opportunity to communicate with employees from departments or group 

companies with whom they would normally not associate at work.

■Supporting employees' work-life balance

・Leave systems for every stage of life

We have developed various leave systems, such as maternity leave, childcare leave and nursing 

care leave, to support employees when they have a child, raise young children, care for elderly 

relatives or experience other changes in their lifestyles at the different stages of life. 

In the interests of health management, employees are required to undergo an annual medical 

health checkup. The Health Committee, which comprises employees and partner industrial 

physicians, reviews the general working environment, including the soundness of the office 

environment and the status of medical checkups, on a monthly basis. The results of the reviews 

are provided to employees as feedback.

・Health Committee

12


Social

・Efforts to reduce overtime work

To curb employees’ long working hours, the Group is promoting initiatives to reduce overtime work 

through the adoption of no-overtime-work days, the prohibition of overtime work after 21:00 as a 

general rule, and the recommendation of morning-oriented workstyles. The average number of 

overtime hours decreased for a sixth consecutive fiscal year, reflecting efforts to improve business 

efficiency.

・Employees’ health promotion program

Tosei endeavors to maintain and improve its employees’ health through regular medical health 

checkups. We also endeavor to further promote the early detection of disease and better health 

among employees aged 35 and over by paying their share of the cost of comprehensive medical 

examinations. Every year, we offer a range of additional internal activities such as public health 

nurse interviews, voluntary locomotive syndrome risk testing and a refresh program which includes 

relaxing yoga to any employees who wish to participate.

We survey all employees about their mental health and provide training related to mental health 

care under the guidance of partner industrial physicians. Moreover, the Group takes steps to 

maintain the sound physical and mental health of its employees through initiatives such as 

offering those engaged in overtime work that exceeds a certain level the interviews with 

industrial physicians and other professionals. In addition, the Group provides its employees with a 

consultation service for their sound mental health, working with external medical institutions. The 

service allows the Group's employees as well as their families to informally consult with medical 

professionals about mental health conditions either by phone or by e-mail.

・Mental health care

・Encouraging employees to take annual paid leave

To create an environment that made it easier for employees to take annual paid leave, we 

introduced the “Anniversary leave” system under which employees take one day’s annual paid 

holiday on one date every year which they themselves fixed.

＜Reference＞human resources data

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

Number of employees （Non-consolidated）

159

181

191

Men

111

128

137

Women

48

53

54

Pct. of females in 

employees（％）

30.2

29.3

28.3

Pct. of female managers（％）

8.6

11.9

6.3

Number of new graduate hires

18

12

10

Number of mid-career hires

11

28

23

Length of service

5.8

5.5

5.8

Pct. of employees using childbirth and

childcare leave（％）

100

100

100

Pct. of employees returning to work after 

childcare leave％）

100

100

100

Pct. of employees using elderly parent care 

single-day leave（％）

0

0

0

Pct. of paid leave used（％）

40.3

44.4

45.6

13


■Support activities for affected areas

・Continuation of activities for supporting areas affected by the Great East 

Japan Earthquake

Social

■The green fund fundraising activity

■Collection boxes for plastic bottle caps

The activity aims to send vaccines to children in developing countries by using profits earned 

from the sale of plastic bottle caps to recycling companies.

The Group has participated in community volunteer activities since 2009. This year, it took part in 

the Nishinagisa-Hatsu Tokyo-Satoumi-Aid, a clean-up event held at Kasai Rinkai Park to remove 

marine debris. It also checked the types of debris collected and measured the total volume to 

contribute to future surveys for identifying the cause of marine debris. Going forward, the 

Company will continue to promote environmental conservation activities.

Contributions to Local Communities

■Volunteers for cleaning activities

The activity aims to provide support for a range of programs, such as the maintenance of forests, 

development of forestry volunteers and provision of forestry and environmental education for 

children.

・Donations through the Japanese Red Cross Society



Since 2011, the Tosei Group has been engaged in activities for supporting areas affected by the 

Great East Japan Earthquake. Its recent activities include the organization of dental seminars and 

painting of rusted playground equipment at nursery centers in the affected areas, as well as 

support for the opening of food stalls for a festival held at a temporary housing site. These 

activities were carried out in cooperation with an NPO that is engaged in volunteer activities in 

the affected areas.

Taiko drums 

We collected voluntary contributions from Group employees and 

others in order to donate 28 Taiko drums to Naruse Mirai Junior High 

School, which had just opened in Higashimatsushima. Elementary and 

junior high schools in Higashimatsushima always used to give many 

Taiko drumming performances. However, many drums were lost in the 

tsunami that hit the area. Thanks to the Taiko drums we donated, the 

school is now able to give Taiko drumming performances at cultural 

festivals and the school and local residents were very pleased with 

the gift. 

In 2019, Tosei sent, via the Japanese Red Cross Society, a donation of 1 million yen plus money 

collected from Group employees, to support those affected by Typhoons Faxai and Hagibis.







14


Our Group aspires to be a valuable contributor to all kinds of our 

stakeholders in the society, including the shareholders, the 

employees, the business partners and others, by promptly and 

appropriately responding to the changes in the business

environment and continuing operational activities which enable the 

Group to achieve a sound growth. For this purpose, the Group has 

placed the greatest importance on enhancement of corporate 

governance, and in particular, “fully cultivating compliance mind,” 

“enhancing risk management” and “conducting timely disclosure” as 

three key initiatives.

Our Idea of Corporate Governance

※November、2019

Corporate Governance

■Corporate Governance System



Furthermore, the Group is determined to make efforts in a unified manner, from the top 

management down to each employee of the Group companies, led by the Board of Directors, to 

develop an internal control system as required by the Companies Act and the Financial Instruments 

and Exchange Act, as well as to set up a system which is credible to investors, as a financial 

instruments business operator.

Three Important Items in Corporate Governance. Group-wide Promotion of three Committees

Compliance

Risk Management

Information Disclosure

We place compliance at the top of 

our agenda and raise awareness of 

it from top management to all 

employees of the Group companies

Assuming every possible risk, we 

prepare and practice emergency 

responses under normal conditions 

with a special focus on eliminating 

relationships with anti-social 

forces.

We practice disclosure and 

communication appropriately 

and on a timely basis to all 

stakeholders including 

shareholders. 



15


３．コーポレート・ガバナンス

Corporate Governance

16

The Company established the Nominating and Compensation Advisory Committee voluntarily as 

a consultative body to the Board of Directors to ensure appropriateness and transparency in 

such matters as the process of selecting candidates in connection with director election 

proposals submitted to the general meeting of shareholders and resolutions of the Board of 

Directors relating to allocation of remuneration, etc. to individual directors. The constituent 

members of the committee include a representative director (one person), a full-time director 

(one person), outside director(s) (independent director(s), one person or more), and a full-time 

audit &amp; supervisory board member (outside audit &amp; supervisory board member, one person). An 

outside director who is a committee member will assume the office of the chair of committee. 

The Board of Directors will continue to fulfill its mandate from the Company's shareholders and 

investors by respecting the recommendations of the committee to the maximum extent and 

developing an appropriate governance system.

・Nominating and Compensation Advisory Committee

The Company has adopted the executive officer system in order to more clearly segregate the 

monitoring/supervision of the Company's business management, which is the duty and 

responsibility of the directors, from the execution of the business, and has 10 Executive Officers 

as of the end of November 2019. Executive Officers are elected by the Board of Directors, and 

the Management Meeting, which is made up of the Executive Officers, discusses matters to be 

resolved at the board meetings in advance and holds consultations on the material issues to be 

decided by the CEO.

・Executive Officer system

Audits by corporate auditors

The Audit &amp; Supervisory Board Members carry out an efficient and effective audit under an 

annual audit plan in cooperation with the accounting auditor and the Internal Auditing 

Department. The full-time Audit and Supervisory Board Members regularly interview each full-

time Director and head of each department and check the status of business execution. They 

also regularly exchange opinions with Independent Directors.

Internal audits

As a department directly controlled by the President, the Internal Auditing Department carries 

out an audit of the entire Group under an annual plan and helps correct inadequacies by 

recommending actions and conducting follow-up activities, including giving specific guidance.

Audits by the accounting auditor

The accounting auditor carries out an audit under an annual audit plan. It carries out not only a 

fiscal year end audit but also quarterly reviews (accounting auditor: Shinsoh Audit Corporation).

Three-way auditing (coordination of audits by corporate auditors, 

internal audits, and audits by the accounting auditor)

The Board of Directors is constituted by Seven directors, two of whom are outside directors. 

Based on the regulations of the Board of Directors, the directors hold regular meetings every 

month, and extraordinary meetings are held as necessary. As the highest management decision-

making body, the Board of Directors makes resolutions on management policies and material 

issues and also supervises the execution of duties by the directors. 

・Operation of the Meetings of Board of Directors


Compliance

In FY2019, we continued to provide group training and 

online training to all employees, including training on how 

to deal with anti-social forces, insider trader training, 

training on the financial instruments business, ESG training 

and mental health training.

We also implemented initiatives to raise awareness about 

compliance such as distributing video learning content 

about compliance and displaying compliance slogans. 

３．コーポレート・ガバナンス



Corporate Governance

■Compliance promotion system

The Company established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee comprising the 

Executive Officers in charge of each department, all department general managers as well as the 

risk management and compliance officers of each group company, as an organization to centrally 

consider risk management and compliance across the Tosei Group. The Committee recognizes, 

analyzes and assesses the risks of the Group as a whole, gathers information about specific risks 

and discusses measures to address them and also holds consultations on the promotion of 

compliance. It raises awareness about compliance, implements a PDCA cycle for risk management 

and strengthens monitoring in accordance with a “Risk Management and Compliance Program” 

formulated each fiscal year.

・Risk Management and Compliance Committee

■Education and training

■Response to anti-social forces

We implement measures as an organization to combat anti-

social forces, seeing the elimination of any association with 

them as a priority. In the event any dispute arises between 

the Company and anti-social forces, we will stand firmly 

against them. In addition to providing the basic policies for 

eliminating any contact with anti-social forces and the 

checkpoints on the specific actions in the Tosei Group Risk 

Management and Compliance Guidebook, it has developed 

“The manual for acting against anti-social forces.” In day-to-

day operations, we make it a rule to research and confirm 

that a new business counterparty is not an anti-social force, 

prior to the commencement of any transaction.



17

The Tosei Group puts top priority on compliance in management. Everyone in the Group from senior 

executives to general staff was made aware of compliance.

Risk Management 

Assuming every possible risk, we prepare and practice emergency responses under normal 

conditions with a special focus on eliminating relationships with anti-social forces.

■Risk management system

With respect to risk management, which the Tosei Group recognizes to be equally as important as 

compliance, the Group established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee to recognize 

and assess risks, to gather information about specific risks and to discuss measures to address them.


３．コーポレート・ガバナンス

Corporate Governance

・Action in the event of a crisis or disaster

The Company recognizes situations that are potentially damaging to its corporate value, such as 

large-scale natural disasters and incidents, accidents, and events that impact generally on 

customers, residents and wider society, as management crises and, if such an event were to occur, 

it would set up a Crisis Management Taskforce headed by the CEO, as provided for in the Risk 

Management and Compliance Regulations, and would take action to control the situation in 

collaboration with the Risk Management and Compliance Committee members and relevant 

departments. We have also established a Crisis Communications Manual to speed up and facilitate 

corporate communication activities in the event of a crisis and are working to raise awareness 

about dealing with crises properly.

・Action to ensure business continuity

The Company has formulated a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to ensure that, in the event of a 

natural disaster, incident, accident or other event that forced the Company to suspend its core 

business operations or that made business activities under the normal organizational/ 

personnel structure difficult, the Company would be able to swiftly implement measures to 

continue business or resume business quickly. Besides formulating a Disaster Response Manual 

detailing the steps from gaining a basic understanding of the disaster through to making an 

initial response in the event of earthquake, fire or other disaster, right down to conducting 

evacuation and relief activities, we also conduct a range of drills including evacuation drills, 

AED practice drills, and in-house fire-fighting team fire drills. 

・Information asset management

Recognizing that information assets are one of our most important management resources, we have 

set out provisions on developing and maintaining information management environments in order to 

properly protect and efficiently utilize information in the Basic Policy on Information Asset 

Management, and we have established Information Asset Management Regulations and Personal 

information Protection Rules. Tosei also provides information asset management Training based on its 

Risk Management and Compliance Program and works to raise awareness about information asset 

management rules and increase literacy with regard to information asset management.



・Risk Management and Compliance Guidebook

Tosei prepared and distributed the Tosei Group Risk Management and Compliance 

Guidebook as a detailed guide to help Group officers and employees accurately 

understand risk management and compliance and put compliance activities into 

practice and are seeking to raise compliance awareness through training and other 

measures. 

18

■TOSEI's Group Ethics Code

To fulfill our corporate social responsibility, we consistently value a law-abiding spirit when pursuing 

the Group's Corporate Philosophy, and conduct our business activities in adherence with the 

principles below:

1.Integrity and customer focus

We constantly maintain a sense of humility and integrity in our business activities, acting from 

the perspective of customers and working to ensure the safety and security of the products and 

services we provide.


３．コーポレート・ガバナンス

Corporate Governance

Timely and appropriate disclosure

In addition to information disclosed under the Companies Act, the Financial Instruments and 

Exchange Act, among other laws and regulations, and rules of stock exchanges, the Tosei Group 

provides corporate information in a timely and appropriate manner to stakeholders, such as 

shareholders, investors, and business partners, through IR activities and the website.

As a result of the listing of our shares on the Singapore Exchange, 

we now simultaneously disclose information in English and Chinese. 

We endeavor to convey how our earning results briefing went to 

those who were unable to attend by posting the video of our earning 

results briefing and the corresponding presentation materials on our 

website and we try to enhance the information we disclose. We also 

release corporate information for a wide range of stakeholders, 

including ESG information, and share and shareholder information. In 

evaluations by third-party organizations that award listed companies 

for their IR activities, we were rated highly for the availability and 

ease-of-use of our IR information.

■Disclosure on the website and external evaluation 

➢ 内部通報制度

トーセイグループの従業員や役員などから法令に違反する行為や違反するおそれのある行為について通報を受け

付ける内部通報窓口「トーセイホットライン」を設置しています。「監査役窓口」「社内窓口」「社外窓口」の3つの受付

窓口があり、通報については秘密厳守の上、公平公正な調査と是正措置、通報者を保護する仕組みを整備していま

す。

2.Prompt and appropriate information disclosure

We promptly and appropriately disclose the information necessary to retain a fair evaluation and 

understanding from investors and society.

3.Fair and transparent decision-making

We make decisions based on appropriate and accountable grounds, in compliance with laws and 

regulations and internal rules.

4.Strict compliance with all laws and regulations, and fair trade practices

We understand the intent and purpose of laws and regulations in domestic and global contexts, 

and will never engage in transactions that are illegal or otherwise in violation.

5.Rejection of relations with anti-social forces

We will reject all ties with antisocial forces and will act resolutely as an organization in dealing 

with problems and other incidents involving them.

6.Protection of confidential information

We will protect and strictly manage all important business information, personal information of 

customers, information of business partners, and other confidential information.

7.Establishment of sound operating environment

We will constantly strive to establish a sound operating environment that always respects human 

rights, without discrimination or abuse, and will aim for the sound development of our human 

resources.

8.Consideration for the environment

We will remain constantly aware of the importance of environmental issues, and will seek to 

reduce the environmental footprint of our corporate activities.

9.Social contribution

We will remain committed to our CSR activities as a good corporate citizen.

10.Senior management commitment

Our senior management will take a leading role in dealing with any violations of these principles, 

working to investigate the cause and prevent a recurrence. They will fulfill their responsibility to 

explain to the market and society, including making timely and appropriate information 

disclosures, and deal fairly and strictly with the offenders, including themselves.

19




３．コーポレート・ガバナンス

Company name

Tosei Corporation

President and CEO

Seiichiro Yamaguchi

Date of establishment

February 2, 1950

Address

Toranomon Tosei Bldg., 4-2-3 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo

Capital

6,579,844 thousand yen

Stock Listings

Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section(Ticker code:8923)

Singapore Exchange, Main board(Ticker code:S2D)

Employees

457(Consolidated)  191(Non-Consolidated)

Fields of business

Revitalization; Development; Rental; Fund and Consulting; 

Hotel

Licenses

Real Estate Business License, Specified Construction 

Business License, First Class Architect's Office License, 

Registered Financial Instrument Business(Type2 Financial 

Instrument Business, Advisor and Agency), General Real 

Estate Investment Advisory Business Registration, Real 

Estate Specific Joint Enterprise Permit

Consolidated 

Subsidiaries

Tosei Community Co., Ltd.

Tosei Asset Advisors, Inc.

Tosei Revival Investment Co., Ltd.

Tosei Urban Home Corporation

Tosei Hotel Management Co., Ltd.

Tosei Hotel Service Co., Ltd.

Tosei Singapore Pte.Ltd.

Corporate Data 

President and CEO

Seiichiro Yamaguchi

Senior Executive 

Officer

Ichiro Kawabata

Director, COO

Katsuhito Kosuge

Executive Officer 

Shunsuke Yamaguchi

Director, CFO

Noboru Hirano

Nobuto Fujiwara

Director, Managing 

Executive Officer 

Masaaki Watanabe

Koji Kuramoto

Hideki Nakanishi

Hitoshi Oshima

Independent 

Directors

Kenichi Shohtoku

Hiroyuki Kobayashi

Audit &amp; Supervisory 

Board Members

Yutaka Kitamura

Hitoshi Yagi

Tatsuki Nagano

Osamu Doi

Management team

(As of November 30, 2019)

(As of November 30, 2019



President and CEO

Seiichiro Yamaguchi

Director, CFO

Noboru Hirano

Director, Managing 

Executive Officer 

Masaaki 

Watanabe

Director, COO

Katsuhito Kosuge

Independent 

Directors

Kenichi Shohtoku 

Director, Managing 

Executive Officer

Hideki 

Nakanishi

20

Independent 

Directors

Hiroyuki Kobayashi

Corporate Data 




