


 

0 

 

 






 

1 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

(the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for 

the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions 

made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Charmian Lim (Tel: 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00, 

AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.  

BOARD STATEMENT                                                         

2 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE                                            

3 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH                                           

4 

ECONOMIC                                                                         

6 

ENVIRONMENTAL                                                              

8 

SOCIAL                                                                              

10 

GOVERNANCE                                                                  

17 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX                                

19 




 

2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Totm Technologies Limited  (“Totm 

Technologies”, or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) (formerly known as 

Yinda Infocomm Limited) for the financial year ended 31 May 2021 (“FY2021”). This report is prepared 

in compliance with the Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”)(“Catalist Rules”), and is referenced to the 

guidance set out in SGX-ST’s Sustainability Reporting Guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist 

Rules. This Sustainability Report is prepared based on the Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We have chosen to report using the GRI Standards because it is an 

internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability 

disclosures. It provides the Group a flexible and future-proof reporting structure as the forward-looking 

and rigorous approach advocated by GRI ensures its processes and topics are always up-to-date and 

relevant.  

 

The Group’s sustainability report summarises the expectation from various stakeholders, general 

business environment that the Group is operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure 

the sustainability of the Group over the years. This report highlights the key economic, environmental, 

social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried throughout the 12-month period, from 1 

June 2020 to 31 May 2021. For this report, we will be focusing on our sustainability approach, initiatives 

and performance in respect of the Group’s operations in Singapore. The Group intends to expand the 

scope of its sustainability report in the future to include its sustainability practices in other geographical 

regions, including Thailand as the Group expands in those markets. The Group adopts the 

precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of conducting its business whenever feasible.  

 

On 6 April 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of a 51.0% stake in International Biometrics Pte. 

Ltd. ("InterBIO") which signified its expansion into the field of providing identity management biometrics 

technology solutions. This report has not included information from InterBIO as it was acquired only at 

the end of the financial year. InterBIO’s information will be included in our report upon the availability of 

a full calendar year of data. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent 

third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure the accuracy of the 

data and information provided. Where required and as the Group’s sustainability reporting matures, 

the Group will consider seeking external independent assurance for its sustainability report. The Board 

of Directors (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the management and monitoring of the material 

EESG factors affecting the Group and considers them in the determination of the Group’s strategic 




 

3 

 

direction and policies while the key management team are responsible for the implementation of 

sustainability initiatives.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to ir@totmtechnologies.com. 

 

On behalf of Board of Directors 

Mr. Pierre Prunier  

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director  

29 October 2021 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Totm Technologies is a regional integrated solutions and services provider in digital identity 

management technology and telecommunications. The Company was listed in August 2015 on the 

Catalist Board of the SGX-ST. 

 

In January 2021, the Group embarked on a business transformation exercise, having identified growth 

opportunities in the digital identity management space. By early April 2021, the Group completed the 

acquisition of a 51% controlling stake in InterBIO and an investment in TECH5 SA, marking the Group’s 

official entry and diversification into the field of developing and providing digital identity management 

and biometric solutions.  

 

The Group’s Telecommunications business unit provides innovative solutions, consistent and reliable 

services in the implementation of indoor and outdoor mobile network infrastructures, installation and 

commissioning radio base transceiver stations, and planning, optimisation and maintenance of 

networks.  

  




 

4 

 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms  

Frequency  

 

Key Concerns Raised 

Suppliers 

Vendor assessment 

Annually 

Joint development 

Contracts fulfilment 

Fair and transparent 

procurement 

Emails/Calls 

Continuously 

Face-to-face meetings 

Continuously 

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

Annually and when 

required 

Ensure compliance with SGX 

rules and regulations 

Realise healthy growth 

Timely and adequate disclosures 

and updates 

Annual report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Continuously 

Websites-investor relationship 

 Continuously 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings and virtual 

meetings 

Continuously 

Quality Service 

Rights protection 

Email feedback 

Continuously 

Customer cold calls 

Continuously 

Employees 

 

 

Staff appraisal 

Continuously 

Guarantee of basic rights and 

interest 

Employee capabilities and 

career development 

Whistle blowing policy updates 

Annually 

Department &amp; management meetings 

Continuously 

Staff engagement sessions 

Continuously 

Board 

Board meetings 

Half yearly and when 

required 

Financial sustainability and 

business viability of operations 

Regular updates on operational 

activities 

 

Board circulation via e-mails  

Continuously 

Government and 

Regulators  

 

 

 

Regular reports 

Continuously 

Strengthen safety management 

Compliance with regulations 

Websites 

Continuously 

Calls 

Continuously 


















 

5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability reporting process begins with the identification of relevant EESG factors. Such factors 

are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subjected to validation. The end result of this 

process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Processes are as shown below: 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year. We engaged our employees from 

different departments and sought their feedback for ranking of these topics according to priority. 

Materiality review is conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ 

engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance  

Anti-Corruption 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

                                Environmental Compliance 

                         Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Business Ethics and Compliance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

 



SOCIAL  

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 












 

6 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

 

The COVID-19 pandemic continued to weigh heavily on the global economy in FY2021 with the 

emergence of new variants and the reimposition of lockdown measures across major markets to contain 

the spread of the virus. The Group has received support from the Singapore Government such as 

received grants such as Job Support Schemes and foreign worker levy rebates, which provide wage 

support to employers to help them retain their local employees (Singapore Citizens and Permanent 

Residents) during this period of economic uncertainty and ease labour costs of firms that employ foreign 

workers in this period. While vaccination programmes worldwide started to gain momentum, the gradual 

easing of strict social distancing restrictions has only just begun, curtailing the pace of recovery in our 

primary markets. With our sights set on positioning Totm Technologies for the pending recovery and 

long-term growth, we conducted a strategic business review of our business during the year and 

announced our commitment to focus on building our presence in the digital identity and biometrics 

industry. 

Totm Technologies firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully 

committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is to ensure 

long-term profitability and shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account the interests of all 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

In the face of unprecedented, difficult and challenging market conditions for the telecommunications 

industry in Singapore, for the financial year ended 31 May 2021, the Group recorded a revenue of S$6.1 

as compared to S$9.9 million in the financial year ended 31 May 2020 representing a decrease of S$3.8 

million or 38.4%. 

 

The decline was primarily due to lower contribution of telecommunications business as market 

conditions remained challenging, intensified by government measures that led to project delays in 

Singapore and Thailand. 

 

FUTURE PROSPECTS  

According to a report from Markets and Markets, the identity verification market is projected to grow by 

15.6% compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) from US$7.6 billion in 2020 to US$15.8 billion in 2025, 

with biometric technology solutions growing at a higher rate than non-biometric platforms1. In addition, 

the wider biometric system market is expected to grow from US$36.6 billion in 2020 to US$68.6 billion 

by 2025, a CAGR of 13.4%2.  

 

1 https://www.biometricupdate.com/202011/biometrics-to-lead-identity-verification-market-growth-to-

15-8b-by-2025 

2 https://www.biometricupdate.com/202012/biometric-systems-market-to-grow-by-over-30b-in-next-

five-years-report-says 




 

7 

 

 

The major factors driving growth in these biometric markets include the increasing use of biometrics in 

consumer electronic devices for authentication and identification purposes, the growing need for 

surveillance and security with the heightened threat of terrorist attacks, and the surging adoption of 

biometric technology in automotive applications. 

 

To capture the business opportunities in this growing industry, the Group will continue to build on our 

foothold in the digital identity management industry and increase our access to advanced biometrics 

technologies and digital identity management solutions. Identity management will be a key growth driver 

for the Group given the high demand by both the public and private sectors to innovate digital 

identification as an enabler of secure economic and social activities.  

 

We are proactively building our sales pipeline and bidding for medium to large-scale end-to-end digital 

identity projects to further expand the Group’s presence in the identity management industry. On the 

operational front, we will continue to manage expenses and streamline business processes to achieve 

cost efficiency. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to our FY2021 Annual Report, pages 66 to 138.  

 

 

REGIONAL PRESENCE  

Our presence in these markets nurtures our ability to adapt to diverse operating conditions, enabling us 

to respond quickly to the changing needs and requirements of our customers and secure projects on 

providing solutions and services beyond Singapore. Through our regional business networks, we are 

able to enjoy economies of scale which allows us to provide cost-effective solutions and services to our 

customers.  

 






 

8 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

We do not tolerate corruption in any form and strive to conduct our business with utmost integrity and 

transparency. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s Directors, officers and employees. The 

Directors and senior management team have attended the relevant trainings provided by Singapore 

Institute of Directors which inculcated business ethics and integrity.  Our whistleblowing email was set 

up so that anyone who wants to report any issue on corruption can do so confidentially. Any report of 

corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee (“AC”). 

Similar to FY2020, there were no reported incidents of corruption in FY2021.   

 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Group has implemented a whistleblowing policy. The policy aims to provide an avenue for 

employees and external parties to raise concerns about misconduct or improprieties in the Group and 

at the same time assure them that they will be protected from victimisation for whistleblowing in good 

faith. Significant cases are reviewed by the AC for adequacy of investigation actions and resolutions. 

The Company has provided the email address – whistleblow@yinda.com.sg which is accessible by the 

Lead Independent Director on the Company’s website to allow external parties to raise any concerns 

they may have. 

 

We have achieved zero whistleblowing cases in FY2021 and in FY2020. 

We have achieved our target to maintain zero incidences of corruption. We will continue to regularly 

review our whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies.  

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Totm Technologies endeavors to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment. 

We are committed to reduce any carbon footprint and consumption of natural resources in all possible 

aspects of business operations. We encourage the use of renewable materials and resources, and 

where possible, reduce waste through reusing and recycling. We avoid any unnecessary use of 

hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the environment when such 

materials must be used, stored or disposed of.  

 

 

 




 

9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Here at Totm Technologies, we view compliance with relevant codes and regulations on environmental 

issues as mandatory. The Group has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure 

compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and prevent environmental pollution and resource 

depletion with due diligence. We have compiled a Legal &amp; Other Requirements Register for relevant 

legal and other requirements that the Group needs to comply with. For example, we are in compliance 

with the Environmental Public Health Act and Regulations, Environmental Protection and Management 

Act and Regulations and Smoking Act. We have taken steps at all worksites to ensure the requirements 

are met throughout the duration of the projects. 

 

In FY2021 we have achieved our target of zero incidences of non-compliance with laws, environmental 

rules and regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions (FY2020: nil). We will aim to continue full 

compliance with all environmental rules and regulations.  

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Totm Technologies will continue to reduce its environmental impact and encourage its stakeholders, 

such as suppliers and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. The Group also performs an 

assessment when screening new major suppliers (with more than $100,000 worth of transactions per 

month), to check that they are providing high quality and green products. Supplier evaluation forms are 

prepared by the procurement team for gathering and verifying information on new suppliers in terms of 

quality of products and services, having resources to meet requirements, responsiveness of the vendor 

or subcontractors, product certification and records, et cetera. 

 

The Group aspires to continuously promote and integrate sustainability in our business operations and 

taking stakeholders’ interest in our consideration. EESG factors are integrated into our value and supply 

chain as our sustainability efforts progressively mature. Moreover, Totm Technologies pledges to 

uphold sustainable business practices across its supply chain, from our subsidiaries to suppliers.  

 

The Group trusts that sustainable supply chain management drives organisational excellence and 

delivers desirable business results to the stakeholders. This includes completion of supplier evaluation 

procedure to reduce the risk that a supplier’s products do not meet the Company’s requirements. We 

will perform assessment on new major suppliers to ensure that suppliers for important 

telecommunications equipment or materials are selected in accordance to their conduct and to ensure 

the stability of the supply of goods to further reduce the procurement risks. 

 

There was no assessment performed as there were no new major suppliers this financial year. Going 

forward, our target is to ensure that all new major suppliers will be screened and selected in accordance 

to their conduct which can be evaluated against an environmental assessment.  

 

 




 

10 

 

SOCIAL 

Our employees are our greatest assets. Their contributions and support are valued at all times. As such, 

we conduct regular reviews on compensations and benefits policies according to the industry 

benchmark, financial results as well as individual performance of employees. Other fringe benefits and 

pension funds contributions are provided to retain loyal employees with the aim to form a professional 

staff and management team that can bring the Group to new levels of success. Furthermore, the Group 

places great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regards excellent employees 

as a key factor in remaining competitive. 

We respect human rights and support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour. The Group does not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate against one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality.  

 

The Group also considers the benefits of the diversity of skills, experience, background, gender, age, 

ethnicity and other relevant factors when we determine the optimum composition of the Board. All Board 

appointments are made based on merit, in the context of the skills, experience, independence and 

knowledge which the Board as a whole requires to be effective. 

 

Reflecting the diverse focus of the Group’s business in the region, five of Totm Technologies’ nine 

Directors are from, and have extensive experience in, jurisdictions in and outside of Singapore, namely, 

the Non-Executive and Non-Independent Chairwoman, Mdm Song Xingyi, Executive Director and CEO, 

Mr Pierre Prunier, and Executive Directors Mr Ngo Yit Sung, Mr. Gordon Tan Chee Bun and Ms Shao 

Lifang.  In relation to gender diversity, 22% of the Totm Technoogies Board, or two out of the nine Board 

members, are female.  

 

As of 31 May 2021, we had a workforce of 51 (FY2020: 77) full-time, permanent employees for our 

operations in Singapore. The decrease is mainly due to the natural employee attrition as well as the 

decrease of foreign workers due to additional restrictions on hiring foreign workers under new measures 

outlined by the government.Our headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 




 

11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Male

81%

Female

19%

GENDER

FY2020



Male



Female









Male

82%

Female

18%

GENDER

FY2021



Male



Female













44%

51%

5%

AGE

FY2020



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50













31%

63%

6%

AGE

FY2021



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50

























49%

29%

6%

4%2%

10%

NATIONALITY

FY2021



Indian



Singapore



Chinese



Philippines



Malaysian



Bangladesh

Figure B:  Headcount distribution by gender FY2021 

 

Figure A:  Headcount distribution by gender FY2020 

 

Figure D: Headcount distribution by nationality FY2021  

Figure C: Headcount distribution by nationality FY2020 

Figure F: Headcount distribution by age FY2021 

Figure E: Headcount distribution by age FY2020 

























46%

29%

8%

6%

6%5%

NATIONALITY

FY2020



Indian



Singapore



Chinese



Philippines



Malaysian



Bangladesh




 

12 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group’s gender diversity gap is relatively wide but this is not unusual for our industry due to the 

nature of the business. 

 

Our recruitment of staff is based solely on merit and qualifications, without discrimination of race, age, 

gender, religion or ethnicity. There was no non-compliance incident reported in the current year, as 

targeted. We will continue to aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance of manpower related 

rules and regulations, as well as complaints. 

 

To promote equal opportunity, we have implemented various human resource measures as follows:  

Staff Assessment 

 

Staff recruitment 

 

Employment terms 

Staff assessment is performed 

annually, and upon-completion 

of probation for new staff to 

evaluate their performance 

and provide them with a sense 

of self-awareness on their 

work performance to identify 

training opportunities that will 

improve their skills and 

abilities 

 

Staff recruitment 

advertisements do not state 

age, race, gender or 

religious preferences as 

requirement 

 

Employment terms in the 

employment letter are 

explained to staff when they 

join the Group 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our Company and we pay utmost attention to our employees’ 

general well-being. In FY2021, due to the COVID-19 pandemic we had ceased all events so as to 

comply with safe management measures.  

 

 









80%

20%

LENGTH OF SERVICE

FY2021



&lt;5



5-10 YEARS



10-15 YEARS



&gt;15 YEARS

Figure G: Headcount distribution by length of service 

FY2020 

Figure H: Headcount distribution by length of service 

FY2021 









91%

9%

LENGTH OF SERVICE

FY2020



&lt;5



5-10 YEARS



10-15 YEARS



&gt;15 YEARS




 

13 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

We are committed to safeguard our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace 

hazards. Ensuring our employees’ safety and health in the workplace is one of our top priorities, and 

our ultimate target is to have a zero-accident workplace. We are committed to reduce any risks related 

to safety and health through effective risk management. 

In FY2021, the COVID-9 pandemic prompted the introduction of additional safety measures to ensure 

a safe working environment for our staffs. Employees’ safety is our utmost concern, we enforce safe 

distancing by marking out 1-metre social distancing requirement in office space. Apart from that, we 

perform daily screening and monitoring of employees’ temperature. We also issue medical face masks 

to all our employees to protect them against the COVID-19 virus. To prevent the spread of virus, we 

have implemented routine swab tests for our employees. Visitors to our premises are required to provide 

their details such as name, ID number and temperature reading. We also provide training for employees 

as Safe Management Officer to facilitate and ensure good practices at the workplace and this can help 

to reduce the spreading of COVID-19.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Social distancing markers on table 

 

Social distancing markers on sofa 

The Group has recorded zero workplace fatality and non-fatal workplace injuries in FY2021 and in 

FY2020, as targeted. We will continuously work towards maintaining having zero occurrence workplace 

fatality and non-fatal workplace injuries. 

We have set up a Health and Safety and Environmental (“HSE”) Committee and established a strict 

set of policies and procedures. We have also developed and implemented an HSE Management 

System, and will continuously monitor and evaluate our HSE standards. 

 

 

 

 

 








 

14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Company’s latest detailed HSE policy 

statement detailed the Company’s commitment 

to promote a safe workplace as well as an 

environmentally 

friendly 

culture 

through 

effective communication and participation with 

the employees. In addition to the HSE policy 

statement, 

the 

Company 

has 

detailed 

Workplace Safety and Security Clauses stated 

in the HSE Management System Manual and 

Procedure. This covers a standard procedure to 

identify hazards relating to HSE, to evaluate 

risks associated with these hazards and to 

ensure that appropriate actions by 

the 

designated personnel are taken to manage the 

risks involved, such as incident reporting, 

management of incident, investigation and 

follow up. 

 

Totm Technologies makes continuous efforts in investing on internal and external training to raise the 

employees’ awareness and develop their skills to ensure safe operations.  

 

In FY2021, the Company started an initiative to increase employee awareness by including specific 

briefing topics related to Health and Safety in the daily toolbox briefing such as safe use of ladder and 

COVID-19 Safe Management Measures. 

 

The following is a list of our external training programmes conducted in FY2021: 

No. 

Course Name 

Attendees 

Training 

Hours 

1 

Apply Workplace Safety &amp; Health in Construction Site (Recertification) 

9 

36 

2 

Develop a Risk Management Implementation Plan 

2 

36 

3 

Contractor Supervisor Safety Course-GNR RQMTS&amp;NSWE&amp;CCL&amp;TEL STN 

1 

8 

4 

Quality Management System Internal Auditor Course 

1 

18 

5 

Safe Managamenet Officers Course for Construction 

         16 

56 

6 

WSQ-Supervise Construction Work for WSH (BCSS)  

1 

50 

7 

Managing Work at Height 

3 

90 

8 

Occupational First Aid Course CPR+AED Course 

2 

16 

9 

Work-At-Height for Supervisors Course 

2 

46 

10 

Contractor Safety Course - BPLRT 

1 

4 

 

Total 

38 

360 

 

Average training hour per employee 

9.5 

 






 

15 

 

 

Average training hour per employee by Gender in FY2021: 

Gender 

Average number of  training hours per employee 

Male 

8.5 

Female 

17.0 

 

Average training hour per employee by Employee Category/Department: 

Employee Category/Department 

Average number of training hours per employee 

Senior Management 

7.0 

Middle Management 

8.0 

Technical 

14.5 

Administrative 

8.0 

Production 

7.0 

 

 

Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, on-site training was put on hold until further notice. To increase 

awareness of our employees, briefing for new staffs was conducted virtually on 20 August 2021. 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Safety Orientation Briefing conducted virtually 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

16 

 

HSE performance is continuously monitored and evaluated monthly so that we could identify and 

monitor the hazards, implement the control measures to mitigate the risk to as low as reasonably 

practicable: 

No. 

Description 

FY2021 

FY2020 

1 

Excessive noise exposure hours per year (more than 85db) 

- 

200 

2 

Number of fatalities per year 

- 

- 

3 

Number of lost time injuries per year  

- 

- 

4 

Number of other reportable injuries per year 

- 

- 

5 

Number of first aid cases per year 

- 

- 

6 

Number of accidental environmental release per year 

- 

- 

 

Given that we value our employees’ health and safety as a priority within our organization, achieving 

affirmations through certifications and implementing the framework of required systems are vital to the 

Company. The implementation of these frameworks has enabled us to systematically identify, reduce 

and mitigate risks involved in our operations. 

 

During FY2021, we have obtained and renewed the following certifications:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Valid from 28 June 2019 to 27 June 2022 for design, project 

management, implementation and maintenance for wireless 

telecommunication networks



ISO 9001:2015

• Presented by the Workplace Safety and Health Council, valid 

till 11 October 2023



BizSAFE STAR

• Valid from 12 October 2020 to 11 October 2023 for design, 

project management, implementation and maintenance for 

wireless telecommunication networks



ISO 45001:2018










 

17 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

We believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. The Board and Management 

of Totm Technologies are committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The 

Company understands that good corporate governance is an integral element of a sound corporation, 

enabling it to be more transparent and forward-looking. Please refer to our Annual Report for FY2021, 

pages 15 to 47 for the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

Our overall Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (“SGTI”) score assessed by the National 

University of Singapore Business School is 63 for FY2021 (FY2020: 68). This placed us within the 63% 

(FY2020: 44%) percentile of the public listed companies that were assessed.  

We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, 

accountable and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

stakeholders. We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all 

requirements that are expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

Totm Technologies takes serious considerations of any possibilities of conflict of interest during our 

hiring procedures. Our Code of Conduct clearly states our expectations from our staff and the 

consequences if any of the rules are violated or standards are not met. We also have clear and fair 

grievance procedures. Our target is to ensure all allegations received are promptly addressed. There 

were no allegations received in FY2021 and FY2020. 

 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must fully 

understand that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. 

Topics covered under the ethics training are comprised of the following: 

• To act honestly and in the best interest of the Company



Honesty

• By doing what they think is right even when there is great pressure to do otherwise; they are

principled, honourable and upright



Integrity

• Make every reasonable effort to fulfil the letter and spirit of their promises and commitments



Promise-Keeping &amp; Trustworthiness

• Ethical executives aknowledge and accept personal accountability for the ethical quality of

thieir decisions and omissions to themselves, their colleagues, their companies and their

communities



Accountability




 

18 

 

Totm Technologies regularly updates key staff on developments in international and local regulations. 

We are fully compliant with all environmental rules and regulations, confidentiality clauses, anti-

competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety.  

 

Cyber security and data privacy are not only important for compliance, but also in safeguarding both 

our data and that of our customers. We have taken measures to guard against cyber risks for both our 

internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This 

policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and 

access to personal data are restricted to authorised persons or senior management on a need-to-know 

basis. 

Unfortunately, we did not achieve our target set in FY2020, as we had one incident of non-compliance 

to law and regulations due to the late payment of staff salary. However, there were no significant fines 

or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations in both FY2020 and FY2021. 

We will continue to maintain and ensure no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations.  

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for the overall internal control framework and governance 

of risk, ensuring that the management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal 

controls to safeguard the interests of the Company and its shareholders.  

The Board, assisted by the AC, reviews annually and ensures that a sound system of risk management 

and internal controls is maintained by the Group to safeguard shareholders’ interests and the Group’s 

assets and determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Group is willing to take 

in achieving its strategic objectives. The Group has implemented a system of internal controls designed 

to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, proper accounting records are 

maintained operational controls are adequate and business risks are suitably managed. The Board, 

with the assistance of the AC, oversees the management in the design, implementation and monitoring 

of the risk management and internal control systems, and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 

such systems at least annually.  

Please refer to our Annual Report for FY2021, pages 15 to 47 for the Group’s Corporate Governance 

Report. 

 

 




 

19 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organization 

Totm Technologies Limited (formerly 

known as Yinda Infocomm Limited) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

SR Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR Page 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report Pages 10, 73, 104- 108 

139-140 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR Page 7 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR Pages 3, 10, Annual Report Pages 3-4 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR Pages 10-12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR Page 9 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

There were no significant changes. 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR Page 2  

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR Pages 2-3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR Pages 17-18 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR Pages 17-18, Annual Report Pages 

15- 47 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Page 4 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report Pages 10, 104-108 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. No change in reporting. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR Page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

30 October 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR Page 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Pages 19-20 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR Pages 6-7 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Page 8 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

SR Page 8 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

SR Page 8 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR Pages 8-9 




 

20 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

environmental 

assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

SR Page 9 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-9 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

SR Pages 13-16 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR Pages 10-12 

 




 

 

 



