
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TRANSCORP HOLDINGS LIMITED 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 27 April 1995) 

(Company Registration Number: 199502905Z) 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT for FY 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




- 2 - 

 

Content Page 

 

Sustainability Reporting Framework 

 

3 

 

Material ESG Factors  

 

 

 

4 

 

Policies, Practices and Performance 

 

8 

 

Targets 

 

 

 

 

 

9 

 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

10 

 

 

Appendix : Group Corporate Structure 

 

11 

 

Appendix : GRI Content Index 

 

 

12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


- 3 - 

 

Sustainability Reporting Framework 

 

This Sustainability Report for the financial year ending 31 October 2018 takes guidance 

from the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) standards GRI 101, GRI 102 and GRI 103. The 

GRI Standards were adopted as it is internationally recognised.   

 

This is the first Sustainability Report of Transcorp Holdings Limited (“the Company”) aims 

to focus on the most critical Environmental Social &amp; Governance (“ESG”) that affects the 

Company’s performance and prospects.  Hence, this report must be read in context of 

the Company’s current corporate position as at the date of the publication, which is that 

the Company is facing a turnaround situation.  Further information on the corporate and 

financial circumstances of the Company can be found in the various public 

announcements made on SGXNet between November 2018 to October 2019.  With the 

background information and context aforementioned,  the material ESG factors identified 

were: (a) financial sustainability; and (b) the Company’s corporate governance obligations 

as a listed issuer on the SGX.  

 

ESG matters are overseen and governed by the Board of Directors’ (“Board”). The 

Company’s Management play a coordination, information compilation and execution 

role but the Board retains overall responsibility and oversight.  

 

This report is in accordance with Catalist Rule 711A which states the timing of the report 

as well as the fact that the report includes the primary components as follows : 

a) material environmental, social and governance topics; 

b) policies, practices and performance; 

c) targets; 

d) sustainability reporting framework; and 

e) Board statement. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board, 

 

 

Chia Siak Yan Vincent 

Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director  

1 November 2019 

 

 

 


- 4 - 

 

 

 

 

Material ESG Factors 

 

Current Financial Situation 

For FY2018, the Group’s revenue decreased from $6.08 million in FY2017 to $3.82 million 

in FY2018. This $2.26 million reduction in revenue was largely attributable to a reduction 

in the number of cars sold (from 52 in FY2017 to 25 in FY2018) which accounted for $3.59 

million reduction in sales. This reduction was partly offset by a $1.05 million increase in 

revenue from the sale of used cars and a S$0.27 million increase in car rental income. 

 

Gross loss was $1.80 million in FY2018 as compared to $0.44 million in FY2017 as older 

vehicles were sold at a deeper discount.  

 

Loss for the financial year and total comprehensive loss for the financial year increased 

from $5.71 million in FY2017 to $13.76 million in FY2018. The $8.05 million increase was 

largely attributable to the $1.36 million increase in gross loss, $0.26 million reduction in 

other income, $6.68 million increase in other operating expenses, $0.12 million reduction 

in income tax credits and $0.05 million increase in finance cost. These increases totalling 

$8.48 million was partly offset by a $0.43 million reduction in administrative expenses. 

 

For 1HFY2019, the Group’s revenue decreased from S$2.91 million in 1HFY2018 to S$1.51 

million in 1HFY2019. The S$1.40 million reduction in revenue was largely attributable a 

reduction in the number of cars sold which accounted for S$1.58 million reduction in 

sales which was partially offset by a S$0.18 million increase in car rental income. 

Correspondingly, the cost of goods sold decreased from S$2.71 million in 1HFY2018 to 

S$1.47 million in 1HFY2019. The decrease in gross profit was largely attributable to motor 

vehicles been sold at a deeper discount.  

 

Loss and total comprehensive loss for 1HFY2019 decreased from S$2.68 million in 

1HFY2018 to S$2.51 million in 1HFY2019. The S$0.17 million decrease was largely 

attributable S$0.55 million decrease in other expenses which was partially offset by the 


- 5 - 

 

S$0.15 million reduction in gross profit, S$0.09 million increase in finance costs and 

S$0.15 million reduction in income tax credit as explained above. 

 

Current Business Situation 

The Group has two main lines of businesses in Singapore, namely the automobile sales 

business and the automobile rental business.  

 

The automobile sales business continues to decline because of the reduction in the 

number of cars sold and also because of the discount at which the cars are sold at. There 

are currently 11 cars left in the inventory as at 31 October 2019 and once these are sold, 

the Group will cease the automobile sales business.  

 

The automobile rental business has been affected by the lack of a financing partner and 

a strategic partner to grow its fleet. The financing partner would have enabled the Group 

to grow its fleet at a faster rate and thus reap the economies of scale in terms of 

operations while the strategic partner would have ensured a more competitive pricing 

due to rebates that the ride hailing apps would offer to private hire car drivers as a result 

of the arrangement with the strategic partner. Hence there are plans to restart the 

business under a new branding and new entity which would then facilitate the 

partnership with both a financing partner and a strategic partner. 

 

ESG Factor Considerations 

Given the current loss-making situation and decline in the existing businesses as 

described above, the Company is focusing on a “turn-around” outcome.  New equity 

investors are being sought to provide capital to execute the necessary corporate 

restructuring to drive new businesses forward.  For this purpose, Share Placement 

agreements have been entered into for the purpose of raising capital through new 

investors to drive the bysiness forward. Along with the placement agreements is a 

strategic growth target to develop the automotive rental business. 

 

Given these considerations, the Board has decided to adopt a more practical process in 

terms of the consideration of the Environmental, Social and Governance factors. The 

following ESG factors were evaluated and discussed : 


- 6 - 

 

 

 

 

Category 

Factors 

Environmental 

• Carbon footprint generated by Automobiles 

• Compliance with LTA and traffic rules 

 

Social 

• Employment Laws and Practices 

• Communication with Stakeholders 

• Driver Safety and Health 

• Customer Satisfaction and Interest 

 

Governance 

• Corporate Governance 

• Financial Sustainability 

• Corruption 

 

 

Due to the current corporate position, the key ESG factors that the Board is focusing on 

are : 

1) Financial Sustainability 

2) Corporate Governance 

 

There is a third ESG factor that the Board had considered for inclusion as a key ESG factor 

which is Communications with Stakeholders. However given the current corporate 

position, the first two factors assessed to be more material. 

 

The focus on Financial Sustainability is to ensure the continuing business viability of the 

Company. This involves ramping down the automotive sales business and executing the 

new developments for the automotive rental business.  For this purpose, the eventual 

proceeds from the Share Placement that has been announced will be applied towards 

various business and operational needs (refer to SGXNet announcement made on 24 

September 2019) and allow the Company to develop the automotive rental business.  

The Company is in the process of entering into various Memorandums of Understanding 

(“MoU”) with strategic business partners to secure financing to purchase vehicles for the 

rental business, and also to utilise the partners’ alliance with ride-sharing companies to 

lease the vehicles to the ride-sharing drivers.  It was also announced that the execution 


- 7 - 

 

of the automotive rental business is targeted to achieve a break-even cash flow position 

within 5-months of its commencement.  

 

In terms of the day-to-day operations of the Company, there is a need to also right size 

the staff count as well as to ensure that the expenses incurred are proper and justifiable. 

Any expenses or invoices without proper justification and agreement should be queried 

and rejected. 

 

The focus on Corporate Governance reflects the Company’s ongoing status as a listed 

company on the Singapore Stock Exchange. This status necessitates a certain level of 

Corporate Governance with details in its Annual Report for FY 2018. 

 

It is envisaged that once the Company is able to successfully execute this turnaround 

approach, the Board can then revert to a more conventional and structured process to 

determine its key ESG factors. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


- 8 - 

 

 

 

Policies, Practices and Performance.  

 

Financial Sustainability 

 

The Board has approached Financial Sustainability at two levels. The first is at a strategic 

level while the second is at an internal management level.  

 

At a strategic level, the Company has been reaching out to investors who are keen to 

participate in a share placement exercise to raise funds for its strategic growth plan and 

its expenses which include outstanding payables and expenses going forward. The 

development of its strategic growth plan is also a critical element of the turnaround 

exercise and thus ensuring Financial Sustainability. And a key part of the strategic growth 

plan is to restart the automobile rental business with a new entity and branding. 

 

At an internal management level, the Company has relooked its internal controls systems 

and come up with a new Operations Manual that includes internal control policies in key 

areas. Going forward, there will be a greater scrutiny on expenses incurred as well as 

better process documentation. 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Board recognises the importance of corporate governance and is committed to 

ensuring the practices recommended in the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the 

“Code”) are practiced throughout the Group. The Company believes that good corporate 

governance provides the framework for an ethical and accountable corporate 

environment, which will maximise long term shareholders’ value and protect the interests 

of shareholders. 

 

The Corporate Governance in the FY2018 Annual Report outlines the Company’s 

corporate governance practices that were in place during the financial year ended 31 

October 2018 (“FY2018”), with specific reference made to the principles of the Code and 

the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) in January 2015 (the “Guide”). 

 

The Company confirms that during FY2018 it has substantially adhered to the principles 

and guidelines as set out in the Code and the Guide, and where applicable, it has 

specified and explained the areas and reasons for non-compliance. 

 


- 9 - 

 

 

 

 

Targets 

 

The Company aims to complete its turnaround exercise as soon as practically possible 

and then future sustainability reports can focus on other environment, social and 

governance factors that would then have more impact to the Company’s business as well 

as the Company’s interaction with its stakeholders as well as society as a whole. 

 

The Company notes that it can improve its report in the future with a more conventional 

and structure process in determining its key ESG factors. Future reports should also focus 

on risks to ensure that the report is balanced. The Company targets to improve its report 

once it is able to complete its turnaround process. 

 

For Financial Sustainability, the target would for the Company to complete its placement 

exercise to ensure it has adequate capital to execute its strategic growth plan. There is 

also a plan to conduct an Independent Review exercise to provide a third party 

perspective on key events in the Company as well as its current state of internal controls. 

 

For Corporate Governance, the target is for the Company to ensure proper Corporate 

Governance practices on a day-to-day basis. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


- 10 - 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement.  

 

The Board recognises the importance of sustainability and takes responsibility for the 

sustainability efforts of the Company. The Board has considered sustainability issues as 

part of its strategy formulation as well as determined the material environmental, social 

and governance factors to focus on for the financial year. The Board has also overseen 

the management and monitoring of these factors in accordance with the Targets set. 

 

The Company is committed to executing its turnaround strategy and enhance its current 

corporate position. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


- 11 - 

 

 

 

Appendix : Group Corporate Structure 

 

 

 

 

 




- 12 - 

 

 

 

Appendix : GRI Content Index  

 

 GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI 

Standard/Disclosure  

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, 

if applicable  

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1  

 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services  5, 11 

Annual Report for FY2018: 1 

 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

5 

Annual Report for FY2018 : 6 

 

102-4 Location of operations  

5  

Annual Report for FY2018 : 6 

 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

1  

 

102-6 Markets served  

5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation  

5, 11 

Annual Report for FY2018: 1 

 

102-8 Information on employees and other 

workers  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year 

 

102-9 Supply chain  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year 

 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year 

 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

3  

 

102-12 External initiatives  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year 

102-13 Membership of associations  

Not applicable as there is no major 

memberships of industry or other associations, 

and national or international advocacy 

organisations maintained by the Group within 

the scope of this report.  

 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker  

10 

 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour  

Annual Report for FY2018: 8 to 46 

 

 

102-18 Governance structure  

Annual Report for FY2018: 8 to 46 

 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year. 

 


- 13 - 

 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements  

Not applicable as all employees within the 

scope of this report are not covered by any 

collective bargaining agreements.  

 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year. 

 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement  

Not applicable because of the focus for current 

year. 

 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  

4-7 

 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements  

11 

 

 

102-46 Defining report content and topic 

boundaries  

3  

 

 

 

