


TUNG LOK RESTAURANTS (2000) LTD 

(Company Registration Number: 200005703N)

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 

2021




2

CONTENTS  

PAGE NUMBER

1. BOARD STATEMENT 

3

2. ABOUT TUNG LOK 

4

3. REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

4

4. ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

4

5. REPORTING STANDARD 

4

6. FEEDBACK 

5

7. MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION 

5

8. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

6

9. POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING 

7

10. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

7

11. ENVIRONMENT 

8 - 9

12. SOCIAL  

10 - 20

13. GOVERNANCE 

21

14. GRI CONTENT INDEX 

22 - 23

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability 

Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions 

made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.

The details of the contact person for the Sponsor is: -

Name: Mr Ong Hwee Li (Registered Professional, SAC Capital Private Limited)

Address: 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542

Tel: +65 6232 3210






3

1. BOARD STATEMENT

Tung Lok Restaurants (2000) Ltd (“Tung Lok” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) strives 

towards sustainable growth and improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities that we operate in. Underlying the formulation of the Group’s business strategies and 

decisions, and encapsulated in the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors, is 

our continued commitment towards sustainable returns to all our stakeholders. 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remain committed to 

establish and maintain an effective sustainability management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting process. 

The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the 

formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements.

The COVID-19 outbreak has dealt a devastating blow to the global economies with businesses still 

struggling to overcome the challenges brought about by the pandemic. Lockdowns, closed borders, 

safe distancing measures have caused severe disruptions to the demand and supply chain of businesses. 

Many businesses, including food and beverage industry, are unfavourably hit. 

In Singapore, Circuit Breaker (“CB”) has been introduced by the Singapore Government from April 

2020 to June 2020 to curb the spread of COVID-19 virus in the community. During the CB and post-CB 

periods, the Group is required to adhere to various safety management measures. Consequently, our 

Group’s business was severely disrupted throughout the financial year ended 31 March 2021.

The Group’s sustainability journey was disrupted as the Group has prioritised its efforts in navigating 

through various challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the Group had 

adapted rapidly and pivoted our business strategy to ensure continual sustainability of our business, 

particularly in health and safety of our customers and employees.

We are pleased to share our fourth Sustainability Report and would like to extend our thanks to all our 

stakeholders for the continuous engagement, partnership and support. We deeply appreciated the 

efforts which our employees put on to cope with the various challenges during this difficult period. 

We will continue to incorporate sustainability initiatives in our business process to enhance its 

sustainability journey in the areas of environmental, social and governance aspects. 


4

2. ABOUT TUNG LOK

Tung Lok currently owns and manages a total of 37 restaurants in Singapore, Indonesia, China, Japan and 

Vietnam. The Group has established its footprint as a renowned and trusted home-grown global brand 

through the years.

For details of our brands and restaurants, please refer to our website www.tunglok.com or pages 2 to 12 

of our annual report for FY21 (“Annual Report 2021”).

3. REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

The scope of this Sustainability Report encompasses our sustainability practices and performances for 

the Group’s operations in Singapore that are under our direct control. These comprise 27 directly owned 

restaurants and 2 central kitchens as of 31 March 2021. This Sustainability Report should be read in 

conjunction with the Annual Report 2021, as it focuses on the Group’s sustainability efforts and strategies 

for the period from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021 (“FY21”).

4. ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Tung Lok affirms our commitment to sustainability with the publication of our fourth Sustainability Report. 

This Sustainability Report includes discussions of our material sustainability principles and initiatives as we 

track and present our accountability of the ESG factors.

5. REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Sustainability Report has been prepared based on the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards as 

it provides a set of extensive reporting frameworks that is recognised as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting and has been widely adopted. 

This report has been prepared based on GRI G4 Standards: Core which is widely adopted and is aligned 

with reporting framework of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) of Rule 711A and Rule 711B. The ESG performance 

data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal information systems and original 

records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external assurance for this Sustainability Report and 

will consider to seek external assurance in the future, if necessary.




6. FEEDBACK

We welcome your questions and value your feedback on how our sustainability practices can be improved. 

Please send all feedback to info@tunglok.com. Your feedback will be valuable to us in achieving our goals to 

build a sustainable and thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will 

be no hard copies of this Sustainability Report.

7. MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION

Our Group has a membership network with those internationally renowned business organisation and 

industry bodies as listed below: 

i.  Franchising and Licensing Association (Singapore) 

ii.  Restaurant Association of Singapore

iii.  Association of Catering Professionals Singapore

iv.  Support Asia for Sustainable Palm Oil

v.  Singapore Business Federation

vi.  Singapore-China Business Association

vii.  Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry

viii. Singapore Hotel Association

ix.  Singapore National Employers Federation 

x.  World Federation of Chinese Catering Industry 

These memberships provide vast opportunities for our employees to network and conduct peer-to-peer 

interaction to keep abreast of the latest development. We will continue to engage with industry professional 

to build our capabilities for sustainable growth.

5






8. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

We have identified key stakeholder groups that are instrumental to the Group’s success. We are committed 

to have regular communication with these stakeholders as we strongly believe in accountability and open 

dialogue. It is crucial to include and align the needs of these stakeholders in our business decisions so that 

we can better strengthen our relationships with them. 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels:

Key Stakeholders

Goals

Modes of Engagement 

Customers

- Provision of quality food and services

- Food safety and hygiene

- Innovative products

- Sustain growing customer brand loyalty

- Loyalty programme: Tung Lok First Card

- Social media: Instagram and Facebook, etc.

- Mass media events/press conferences

- Point of sale

- Survey and market research/feedback

- Annual reports 

- Audio-visual presentations

Employees

- Provide a safe and conducive environment

- Provide training and progressive career 

development opportunities so as to have 

capable employees exceed expectations 

of our customers and effectively manage 

food and workplace safety and hygiene 

requirements

- Develop an open and communicative 

workforce to engage staff

- Company events and activities

- Annual performance appraisal

- Internal meetings, discussions and regular 

communications and counselling

- Formulation of career development plans

- Induction programmes

- Trainings and product knowledge

- Surveys and interviews

- Volunteer and community activities

- Annual reports

Regulators

- Comply with applicable regulations, laws 

and food safety standards set by the 

authorities

- Contribute to economic and social 

developments

- Participation in conferences, meetings and 

discussions

- Site visits

- Audit checks

- Staff training to raise awareness of rules and 

requirements and to ensure compliance 

Shareholders

- Provide timely information on the following 

to enhance transparency:

• Financial and operational performance of 

the Group

• Corporate governance and sustainability 

practices of the Group

• Business strategies of the Group

- Shareholders’ meetings 

- Corporate announcements and circulars

- Half-yearly and full-yearly financial result 

announcements

- Annual reports

- Investor relations

- Website at www.tunglok.com

Suppliers

- Build positive and long-term relationships 

with suppliers

- Selection of reliable suppliers based on the 

Group’s selection policy

- Annual vendor assessments

- Regular and open communication, meetings 

and discussions about expectations and 

deliverables

- Regular site visits and monitoring

- Audits and checks

Communities

- Contribute to economic and social 

developments and the community in which 

we operate in

- Corporate volunteering

- Sponsorships/donations and philanthropy

- Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives

6




9. POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING

Reporting Structure

The Group has a Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) led by our President/Chief Executive Officer, 

Mr Andrew Tjioe Ka Men, and includes senior management executives. In consultation with our Board 

of Directors, the SSC oversees the development of the sustainability strategy and to review the material 

impacts, consider stakeholder priorities and set goals and targets, as well as collect, verify, monitor and 

report performance data for this Sustainability Report. The ESG topics in this report, reviewed by the SSC, 

are assessed to be material and relevant. 

The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a high standard of 

sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its stakeholders. The Group 

will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management and monitoring of material ESG 

topics for continual improvement.

Sustainability Reporting Process (Identify, Prioritise, Validate and Review)

Under the Group’s Sustainability Reporting policy, the Group will first identify the material issues relevant 

to the Group’s activities. The material issues will be prioritised and validated with data, in order to finalise 

the content of this Sustainability Report. The material issues are reviewed and updated from the previous 

reporting period.

10. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The SSC conducts a review of the materiality assessment annually. The SSC has identified the following 

eight (8) factors that are material to the Group, which have been prioritised and validated by the Board of 

Directors:

Category

Material Topics

Environmental

Energy Consumption (Gas and Electricity) 

Water Consumption

Social

Food Health and Safety

Customer Satisfaction

Employment

Training and Education

Procurement

Governance

Anti-corruption

There are no changes to the material ESG factors compared to the previous reporting period. 

In prioritising the material ESG factors, the SSC considered the impact and likelihood of the following:

-  Global and emerging sustainability trends;

-  Main topics and future challenges for the food and beverage industry; and

-  Insights gained from regular interactions with key stakeholders.

7




11. ENVIRONMENT

Energy Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

Energy use and the resulting carbon emissions cause heat to be trapped in the atmosphere, leading to 

climate change. Temperatures in Singapore have risen by 0.25

oC per decade from 1948 to 2015, while 2016 

and 2019 were the hottest years recorded thus far (1). It is through the reduction of carbon emissions that 

we can limit the repercussions on the environment.

The Group recognises the role it has to play in energy conservation but also acknowledges that there are 

practical limitations. Further, Singapore is an ‘alternative energy-disadvantaged’ country as it is difficult 

to adopt alternative energy sources such as hydroelectricity, wind energy or geothermal energy due to 

its geographical constraints. Hence, increasing energy efficiency will continue to be the key strategy to 

reduce our carbon emissions. 

In view of the high consumption of gas and electricity by the Group’s operations, the Group has maximised 

energy conservation efforts which involves changing employees’ behaviour and investing in maintenance 

and energy-efficient machines to reduce carbon footprint and improve the environmental sustainability of 

Group’s business. We have been progressively phasing out traditional operating equipment and replacing 

them with energy-efficient ones while regularly maintaining existing operating cooking equipment to 

ensure they consume energy efficiently. Additionally, we track and review energy consumption regularly to 

control usage. We use a combination of liquefied petroleum gas and liquefied natural gas sourced from 

the government and private vendors.

The following are the key statistics of our energy consumption during FY21 and our target for the financial 

year ending 31 March 2022 (“FY22”):

Resource

Usage in FY21

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Gas 

7.46 million kWh

0.125 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

To achieve lower gas 

consumption rate than 

FY21

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

9.18 million kWh

0.118 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Usage in FY21

Reduce gas consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Resource 

Usage in FY21

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Electrical

6.82 million kWh

0.114 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

To achieve lower 

electrical consumption 

rate than FY21

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

8.44 million kWh

0.108 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Usage in FY21

Reduce electrical consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Note: 

(1) 

Reference from https://www.mse.gov.sg/policies/climate-change

8




Water Consumption

Water is a precious resource and prudent usage is key. Water demand in Singapore is currently about 430 

million (3) gallons a day. As the population and economy continue to grow, Singapore needs to ensure that 

the demand for water does not rise at an unsustainable rate. 

Water is vital to our business operations since it is used for washing and preparing food products, cleaning 

and dishwashing, amongst others. We are committed to play our part to reduce overall water consumption 

and raise awareness among our employees on the efficient and responsible use of water. The water we 

consume is sourced from public utilities. Our Group practises active management of water usage, such as 

frequent servicing of water fittings, periodic inspections of pipes and faucets and encourages staff to save 

water, which will contribute to an improved economic performance of the Group. 

The following are the key statistics of our water consumption during FY21 and our target for FY22:

Resource

Usage in FY21

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Water

84,779 cubic 

metres (“m3”)

1.419 m3 per every S$1,000 of 

revenue earned

To achieve lower water 

consumption rate than FY21.

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

108,764 m3

1.393 m3 per every S$1,000 of 

revenue earned

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Usage in FY21

Reduce water consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Note:

(2) 

The Group did not achieve the usage target for energy and water consumptions in FY21. The consumption rates of energy 

and water were higher mainly due to more than proportional decrease in revenue from our restaurants as compared to 

energy and water consumed at the onset of COVID-19.

(3)  

Reference from https://www.pub.gov.sg/savewater#

9




12. SOCIAL

Food Health and Safety 

The Group strives to deliver the highest-quality and healthy fare and service so that customers can have 

the best dining experience. We are extremely stringent in our food safety standards and practices and 

conform to all regulatory requirements. We are committed to maintain low incident rate of non-compliance 

on food safety and hygiene rules by prioritising cleanliness and food hygiene in our day-to-day operations.

Singapore Clean Ambassador (“SG Clean”)

In FY21, the Group continued to be part of ‘SG Clean’, a campaign launched by Singapore Government in 

February 2020, to sustain good habits of personal and public hygiene as well as raise cleanliness standards 

and safeguard public health in Singapore amid COVID-19 pandemic. Enterprises with the ‘SG Clean’ 

certification means they have set up processes to ensure that the food preparation areas and equipment 

are sanitised, waste is handled properly, and systems are in place to monitor staff health. All our outlets 

are certified with ‘SG Clean’ quality mark (except for one (1) outlet which was temporarily closed since July 

2020).

It is our top priority to provide a pleasant and safe dining and working environments for our customers 

and employees. We have been upholding the highest standard in hygiene practices in light of the current 

COVID-19 situation and will continue to implement the following precautionary measures:

•  Clean and sanitise each restaurant 3 times daily;

•  Make sure every customer uses SafeEntry or TraceTogether to check in and out when required;

• Hand disinfectant alcohol gel or hand sanitisation wash are provided for customers at each restaurant 

entrance;

•  All tables and chairs are disinfected thoroughly before allocating to next group of customers;

•  Providing diners with food grade antiseptic wipe for utensils;

•  Adherence to safe management measures to maintain at least one-meter distancing between seating 

and customers’ waiting area;

•  QR codes and electronic ordering are used for food ordering process to reduce unnecessary contact; 

and

•  Implemented QR Code Queue Management System where customers are able to join a virtual queue 

and eliminate physical queue at outlets.  

10




5S Programme

Our 5S Programme, short for Sort, Systematise, Shine, Standardise and Self-Discipline, is a systematic 

programme that we follow to achieve cleanliness and standardisation in the workplace. It aims to drive 

productivity through operational efficiency and effective space utilisation. The Restaurant Association of 

Singapore (“RAS”) is the main training provider for 5S in the Food and Beverage (“F&amp;B”) industry.

There are currently five (5) 5S auditors in the Group. Each of our restaurants is managed by a 5S-certified 

senior general manager and staffed with 5S-trained personnel, making every Tung Lok outlet 5S-compliant (4) 

with 12 outlets being 5S certified. 

Note:

(4) 

5S compliant workplace refers to the adherence to the 5S principles in practice but no external accreditation has been 

obtained, whereas 5S certified workplace refers to being accredited externally by RAS.

Food Safety Management System (“FSMS”)

FSMS is a preventive approach towards identifying, preventing, and reducing food-borne hazards. This 

ensures that food prepared is hygienic and safe for consumption. A well-designed FSMS with appropriate 

control measures can help food establishments with catering licenses to comply with food hygiene 

regulations.

All food caterers are required to submit a proper Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (“HACCP”) 

based FSMS with reference to the Singapore Standard SS583:2013 (5) as the basic guide. Our catering and 

permitted-to-cater licensees have implemented FSMS. 

Certificates relating to Food Safety Standards 

The Group has attained the following certifications relating to food safety standards: 

-  Both our central kitchens have attained HACCP standard, which is a systematic approach to identifying 

specific hazards and measures for control to ensure food safety, with SS590:2013 (5) or ISO 22000:2018 (6) 

certified.

-  All our restaurants have achieved Grade “A” certification from the Singapore Food Agency (“SFA”) for 

good personal and food hygiene, and housekeeping standards.

-  Both our central kitchens have attained Grade “A” licence from the SFA for good manufacturing 

practices and proper food safety systems.

Annual HACCP audit ensures that the Group consistently maintains the highest standards for food safety 

and hygiene. 

Note:

(5) 

SS 583:2013/SS 590:2013 are a guideline for businesses in the food retail and manufacturing industries to adopt HACCP-

based FSMS principles towards identifying, preventing, and reducing food-borne hazards in the food process chain. 

(6) 

ISO 22000 is an internationally recognised standard that establishes the requirements for an effective food safety 

management system.

11




Other food safety measures

-  All of our chefs and food handlers attended food safety training as part of their mandatory training.

-  All of our front-liners are constantly reminded to monitor their health and personal hygiene and 

ensure the cleanliness and orderliness of their workstation as well as adhere strictly to the Sanitation 

and Hygiene Advisory for Food Establishment issued by National Environment Agency (NEA) and SFA 

issued on 21 July 2020.

-  All front-liners are required to adhere to the additional requirements stipulated under COVID-19 

(Temporary Measures) (Control Order) Regulations 2020 and must wear masks over the nose and mouth 

when engaged in the sale and preparation for sale of food and drink.

-  Food warmers with capacity exceeding 7,500 units are used during delivery so that food safety standards 

are not compromised.

-  Items with new ingredients used are sent for third party laboratory testing before launch to determine 

their shelf life.

-  Outlet inspections will be periodically conducted by our Quality Assurance Department to ensure 

compliance with relevant food-safety regulatory requirements.

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Grade “A” SFA certifications for all restaurants 

and Grade “A” SFA certifications for both central 

kitchens

To uphold and maintain the grades of all 

certifications

FY20 Performance

Grade “A” SFA certifications for all restaurants 

and Grade “A” SFA certifications for both central 

kitchens

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Performance in FY21

To uphold and maintain the grades of all 

certifications

Target achieved

12




Customer Satisfaction

As one of the Singapore leading restaurant operator, the provision of exemplary service excellence values 

is entrenched in the Group’s processes and practices to maximise the customer satisfaction and build loyal 

customer base.

The Group is dedicated to providing the most pleasurable dining experience for all, consistently and 

creatively. We seek to continuously improve customers’ experiences with our Tung Lok Service (同乐服务), 

where we continuously delight customers with innovative and unique dining experiences. 

Achievements for our Exemplary Customer service:

• Chope Diners’ Choice 2020

Chope Diners’ Choice is an annual award to commemorate Chope diners’ favourite restaurants in 

Singapore. The award, organised by Chope Group, brings its community of discerning diners together to 

vote for their favourite restaurants since 2014. 

Dancing Crab has been awarded first runner-up for ‘Deal-icious Restaurant of the Year’ and Tung Lok 

Teahouse has been awarded Winner for Best Delivery Experience at the Chope Diners’ Choice 2020.

• Restaurant Association of Singapore (“RAS”) Epicurean Star Award 2020

The RAS Epicurean Star Award recognises F&amp;B achievements such as Creativity, Quality, Excellence, 

Efficiency of Dine-In experience. The RAS Epicurean Star Award 2020 seeks to recognise the adaptability 

efforts and act of responsibility displayed by fellow F&amp;B players in Singapore amid COVID-19 pandemic.

The Group has been awarded Winner for ‘Most Inspirational F&amp;B Brand (Multiple Outlets)’ and ‘Safe 

Dining Award’ as well as first runner-up for ‘Most Innovative F&amp;B Brand (Multiple Outlets)’ at the RAS 

Epicurean Star Award 2020.

• Tatler’s Singapore Best of Singapore 2021

Singapore Tatler Best Of Singapore reveals all the secrets for fine living with reviews of the country’s top 

shops, services and brands. 

BellyGood Caterer has been awarded Best Caterer Award at the Tatler’s Singapore Best of Singapore 2021.

13






Customers’ Feedback Report

Every customer feedback is of paramount importance and integral to our continued success. Our formal 

service recovery process provides a systematic decision-making framework to appropriately manage all 

customer feedback in a prompt manner. Each concern, if possible, must be addressed and a response 

given within 24 hours. 

The Group identifies areas for improvement based on insights gathered through the monthly customers’ 

feedback report which contains information about compliments and concerns as well as areas for 

improvements. These feedback reports are communicated to the operation team during the weekly 

operational meeting to ensure that timely rectification actions can be implemented. 

Service Handbook

A service handbook has been specially designed for all Tung Lok employees. The handbook is presented 

to each employee upon hiring and the contents will be explained during the orientation. The message in 

the handbook is reinforced in the restaurants through role plays, daily roll call and displayed on the staff 

notice boards. 

In FY21, we received a total of 314 compliments (about 91%) and 32 concerns (about 9%).

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Compliment to concern ratio at 10:1

To achieve lower compliment to 

concern ratio 

FY20 Performance

Compliment to concern ratio at 16:1

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Performance in FY21

To maintain compliment to concern ratio at 

13:1

Target not achieved (7)

Note:

(7) 

The Group did not achieve customer satisfaction target in FY21 due to reduction in customers’ compliments received in 

FY21 which were caused by reduced dine-in services since COVID-19 outbreak started. Nonetheless, we will continue to 

seek customer feedback for continuous improvement in customer satisfaction.

Employment

Our employees, being at the forefront of our business, are key to enriching our guests’ overall dining 

experience. As our employees are our most valuable assets, attracting and retaining top talents is of great 

significance to Tung Lok. To consistently provide excellent customer service, the Group places emphasis 

on employing individuals with the necessary competencies, experience, qualifications, and mind-set. 

We employ qualified candidates without any discrimination against age, gender, race, marital status, 

nationality or religion. We are committed to maintaining a talented, dedicated and diverse workforce and 

to providing equal opportunities in employment.

The Group has a Board Diversity Policy that endorses the principle that its Board should have a balance 

of skills, knowledge and experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business to mitigate 

against groupthink and to ensure that the Group has opportunity to receive benefit from all available 

talents. In addition, gender diversity is also present in our Board where 2 out of 8 directors are females. 

Our employees are distributed across various age groups with different experiences and skill sets that are 

able to build the Group’s capabilities for sustainable growth. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had a total 

of 489 (31 March 2020: 626) full-time employees. 

14




The breakdown of staff headcount by gender and age group is as follows:

Total headcount by gender and age group as at 31 March 2021

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Ratio of women to men - 1:1.56

To maintain the gender mix

FY20 Performance

Ratio of women to men - 1:1.57

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Performance in FY21

Ratio of women to men should not rise above 

1:1.55

Target not achieved (8)

Note:

(8) 

Although the Group did not achieve FY21 target, the gender mix had shown improvement in FY21. We will continue to 

move towards a more balanced gender ratio in FY22. 

The Group promotes open communication to effectively gather constructive feedback from our valued 

employees to better achieve our corporate goals. Any employee who feels unfairly treated against can 

approach our Human Resource Department for assistance.

Employee handbook

We employ human resource strategies and policies which emphasise fair employment practices and 

enhance the productivity and growth of the Group and its employees. The employee handbook outlines 

the Company’s basic operational and human resource policies concerning employee conduct, fringe 

benefits and terms and conditions of employment. 

Employee incentives

We believe in the importance of fair and equitable rewards to employees where credits are due. In order 

to retain talented employees, annual reviews of remuneration packages are performed to ensure that the 

compensation and benefits are in line with market rates.

We reckon that it is through taking good care of the well-being of our employees only can the Group 

thrives. We provide service incentives to reward and motivate our service and kitchen staff to align their 

interests to the Group’s business goals and objectives. Long Service Awards are awarded on an annual 

basis to reward long-serving employees for their dedication. Perfect Health Incentives are also awarded 

on an annual basis to reward employees who stay safe and healthy during their service of employment 

with the Group. 

The Group has provided living allowances to the employees whose income have been affected by the 

Group’s cost control measures during the initial period of COVID-19 pandemic. The Group has also 

subsidised the medical and accommodation expenses of employees who returned from overseas and 

were required to serve quarantine order or stay-home-notice.

Performance Appraisal and Career Development

All confirmed and permanent employees will undergo an annual performance appraisal where career 

development is discussed and training needs are identified.

15

Age Group

Female

Male

Total

30 and below

48

90

138

31-49

82

153

235

50-69

60

55

115

70 and above

1

-

1

Total

191

298

489

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

30 and below 

31-49

50-69

70 and above

Male

Female




Occupational Health and Safety

As an employer, we are held accountable for our employees’ well-being and ensured the safe workplace 

is fostered at our restaurants and central kitchens. We have implemented Occupational Health and Safety 

framework which is a system for dealing with emergencies, and provide sufficient instruction, training 

and supervision to our employees, in accordance with the requirements of Workplace Safety and Health 

(“WSH”) Act. 

A key component of Occupational Health and Safety framework is the WSH (Risk Management) Regulations 

which is a preventive approach aims to reduce risks at source and make the stakeholders accountable for 

managing the risks they create. Companies which have put in place systems to manage workplace risks 

and complies with WSH (Risk Management) Regulations will be certified with bizSAFE Level 3 and above.

The Group currently has its own risk assessment framework in accordance with WSH (Risk Management) 

Regulations. Our Halal catering division - Bellygood Caterer has conducted a comprehensive risk 

assessment for its work activity and has been certified bizSAFE Level 3.

In the event that any work-related injury happened at workplace, our employees will receive immediate 

medical attention and Head of Departments will submit Incident Report (details with the nature of incident 

and preventive action to mitigate the risk of future recurrence) to Human Resources Department for further 

investigation to prevent future occurrence.

Safety Measures at Workplace

The Group is aware that COVID-19 has posed significant health threat to our customers as well as our 

frontline employees. We continued to adhere to the Safe Management Measures issued by the tripartite 

partners - the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) and the 

Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF) to safeguard the well-being of our employees and to 

curb local transmission of COVID-19 in the community. In FY21, we have implemented the following safe 

management measures in the workplace:

•  Encouraging 25% of administrative employees to work from home and they are only allowed to return 

to office based on a pre-arranged schedule;

•  Staggered work hours have been arranged for all the employees who required to work in office;

•  No social gatherings at the workplace;

•  Prohibiting cross-deployment or interaction between employees from different outlets;

•  Continue to conduct virtual meetings as far as possible;

•  Make sure all employees to wear masks at workplace at all times;

•  Contactless thermometer in all outlets and office to minimize physical touchpoints;

•  Encourage employees to observe good personal hygiene and refrain from touching their face;

•  Mandatory SafeEntry check-in using TraceTogether application by all employees and guests before 

entering office or outlets; 

•  Daily temperature taking for staff twice in all outlets and office; and

•  Provide face masks, face shield, and sanitizers for our employees.

Training and Education

Our staff are the ambassadors of Tung Lok’s brand of service. The Group strongly believes that 

the provision of appropriate training opportunities and programmes for our employees is key in 

equipping them with relevant skill sets to help them realise their full potential in their careers. As a 

service-based business, the Group is an accredited in-house WSQ Approved Training Organisation 

(“ATO”) and has been encouraging employees to upgrade their skill set and technical know-how 

by providing various training and career development programmes. Some of the WSQ certified 

programmes that we run in FY21 include “Follow F&amp;B Safety and Hygiene Policies and Procedures” and  

“Food Safety Course Level 1”. 

Other external training programmes which our employees have undergone in FY21 include “Occupational 

First Aid courses”, “Service Industry Transformation Programme” and “F&amp;B Digital Marketing Accelerator”. 

Subsidies for specially approved courses have been provided as we believe that employee learning and 

professional growth from these courses are necessary for the long-term Group’s efficiency and productivity.

16




Orientation programmes are also conducted to introduce corporate values and company structure to 

our newly joined employees so that they can be familiar with tasks, people, and processes during their 

onboarding process.

The Group enrolled our employees into Job Redesign Reskilling (“JRR”) Programmes in FY21, an initiative 

by Workforce Singapore (“WSG”) which aims to help F&amp;B employers train and upskill employees to take on 

redesigned and enhanced job roles as the Company undergo business transformations. The participants 

of JRR have been redeployed to other divisions within the Group and received on-the-job-training by the 

assigned mentor based on the training framework approved. 

During FY21, we accelerated our digital transformation efforts of certain business processes as follows:

-  kitchen employees have been trained to place purchase requisition directly into our Enterprise Resource 

Planning system; and

-  implemented a new Warehouse Management System at our central kitchen to optimise inventory 

management and production planning.

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

Average training hours per employee is 10.0

To achieve higher average training hours per 

employee compared to FY21

FY20 Performance

Average training hours per employee is 17.0

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Performance in FY21

To improve average training hours per 

employee

Target not achieved (9)

Note:

(9)  

The Group did not achieve the average training hours targeted in FY21 mainly due to the scale down of the Group’s 

manpower and restrictions in place for conducting large scale physical trainings amidst COVID-19 situation. The Group 

has adapted to the restrictions and converted some of the training sessions to virtual sessions.

Social collaborations

Tung Lok firmly believes in being a socially responsible corporate citizen and giving back to society. We 

are dedicated to play our part to help those in need in the community, especially during the current 

COVID-19 situation.

In FY21, we supported in the following Corporate Social Responsibility Programmes.

•  Lions of Healthcare We Thank You (“Lion”) – Lion was launched as one-stop online platform to encourage 

companies in Singapore to show their appreciations to healthcare workers for their dedication and 

sacrifice in testing and treating COVID-19 patients by providing rewards for their spending at local 

businesses. We had taken part in Lion platform by giving discounts to healthcare workers when they 

patronise at our outlets.

•  Project Belanja! (Catering) (“PB”) – PB is a collaboration between RAS, Blossom World Society and 

ItsRainingRaincoats (IRR) to raise fund and provide meals to support the migrant worker communities 

in Singapore that have been affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. We have participated in PB to show 

our appreciation and support to the migrant workers.

•  Assisi Hospice’s Fun Day 2020 (“Assisi 2020”) - Assisi Hospice Fun Day is an annual highlight fundraising 

carnival to provide comfort and dignity to Assisi Hospice patients with life-limiting illnesses and their 

families. Due to safe-distancing measures, Assisi 2020 has been convened virtually from 5 November 

2020 to 15 November 2020. Foods were sold at the e-stall, and proceeds would be used to spread 

awareness about terminal illness to participants. Our Group was one of the F&amp;B sponsors of Assisi 2020.

•  Migrant Workers’ Assistance Fund (“MWAF”) - MWAF is the humanitarian charity of Migrant Workers’ 

Centre and has provided emergency humanitarian assistance to distressed migrant workers in 

Singapore. We have donated some proceeds to MWAF to provide needed assistance and relief to the 

families of migrant workers who fall victim to accidents in Singapore.

17




•  President’s Challenge (2020) (“PC2020”) – President’s Challenge is an annual community fund-raising 

campaign and aims to bring together people from all walks of life, under the President’s patronage, to 

help those who are less fortunate. It serves as a call to all Singaporeans to do their part to build a more 

caring and inclusive society. Amidst the challenging time of the pandemic, we have contributed some 

proceeds in PC2020 to uplift the lives of those less fortunate in Singapore.

Our Group is involved in grooming the education opportunities to the next generation of F&amp;B talents in 

Singapore. In FY21, we continued to sponsor the Gold and Silver Course Medal Awards for graduating 

students of Temasek Polytechnic’s Diploma in Baking and Culinary Science programme.

Procurement

The Group procures a wide range of goods and services to support our operations from more than 600 

suppliers. We aim to source goods and services from socially responsible vendors to reduce any negative 

impact on the environment while ensuring our customers are served the freshest and healthiest ingredients 

from sustainable sources.

Supplier selection

The Group ensures all of the Group’s suppliers have obtained necessary approvals from SFA. In addition, 

the Group has a selection policy that evaluates new and existing vendors based on criteria which include, 

but are not limited to:

- products’ quality and safety;

- responsiveness and support;

- delivery performance; and

- price competitiveness.

Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our team makes frequent visits to source to audit the supplier’s 

environment and obtain assurance about the quality of its source. Site visits have been suspended in 

FY21 in view of COVID-19 pandemic. However, the Group continue to engage with suppliers virtually and 

provide feedbacks to ensure that the quality of food products have not been compromised. 

FY21 Performance

FY22 Target

All our suppliers have obtained necessary 

approvals from SFA

All our suppliers to obtain necessary 

approvals from SFA

FY20 Performance

All our suppliers have obtained necessary 

approvals from AVA

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set 

Performance in FY21

All our suppliers to obtain necessary 

approvals from SFA

Target achieved

18




Supply Chain Management

The term “food miles” describes the distance in which food has travelled from the place of production 

to the place of consumption. Purchasing more local produce will lead to the reduction of food miles. The 

reduction of food miles helps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions which contribute to climate change. 

Currently, almost all of the suppliers we liaise directly with, are based in Singapore. These suppliers source 

ingredients from the countries such as Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, and Ireland. 

Our Group has not been spared from the global supply chain disruptions caused by the COVID-19 

pandemic. Most of our suppliers are facing some form of disruption from the neighbouring regions due to 

closure of international borders, and delays in shipments and freight. Fortunately, our policy of procuring 

from different suppliers provided us with the resilience to continue our operations. We have also been 

working with our trusted suppliers, whom we have built close relationships over the years, to reserve food 

ingredients in bulk to prevent sudden supply shortage of certain ingredients.



19

Eco-friendly restaurant essentials

The usage of take-away packaging had increased in FY21 followed by the surge in takeaway services 

amid COVID-19 pandemic. While the increase of usage of take-away packaging materials are inevitable 

considering current operating environment, the Group is aware of our obligation in reducing its carbon 

footprint by using eco-friendly take-away packaging. The take-away plastic bags that we currently use 

contains the d2w certified plastic additive. The d2w additive is included at the manufacturing stage and 

allows everyday plastic products to degrade in the presence of oxygen into biodegradable materials 

which can be recycled back into nature more quickly than ordinary plastic. We also distribute disposable 

plastic cutlery and plateware contain 70% organic content, which is made of corn and can completely 

degrade in 90 days under landfill conditions.

In addition, some of our restaurants also provide Polylatic Acid (“PLA”) compostable straws and eco-

friendly unbleached bamboo cocktail napkins.




Sustainable Business Practices

Palm oil is the world’s most edible oil and is widely used in the F&amp;B industry. However, the production of 

palm oil has led to deforestation, fires, and worker exploitation. The formation of Southeast Asia Alliance 

for Sustainable Palm Oil (“SASPO”) is an initiative led by the World Wide Fund for Nature (“WWF”) 

Singapore which champions the use of sustainable and ethically-produced palm oil in business supply 

chains. As part of our commitment as a member of SASPO, we have achieved our target of 100% Group-

wide use of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (“RSPO”) (10) certified palm oil for direct cooking. 

The RSPO certified palm oil currently used in the Group operation is also endorsed by Singapore Health 

Promotion Board (“HPB”) as Healthier Choice. With consumers becoming ever more health-conscious, 

we have been conscious with our selection of raw materials by procuring healthier ingredients certified 

as Healthier Choice by HPB such as Chilli Brand Vermicelli rice and Golden Peony Brand Brown Red Rice. 

In FY21, our Group continued to offer its healthier range of mooncakes and traditional nian gao which 

have been certified by HPB as healthier choice. The healthier mooncakes and traditional nian gao contain 

less sugar and more dietary fibre as it is produced using Allulose, a naturally occurring novel sugar which 

is lower in sugar and calories. 

Our Group is committed to promoting healthier dining at our restaurants. Our brand Lao Beijing continues 

to be one of the Healthier Dining Partners of HPB under the Healthier Dining Programme to offer 24 

healthier items in its menu which have been developed in accordance with the HPB’s guidelines. 

Sustainable Seafood Practices

Increasing seafood consumption worldwide has exerted growing pressures on existing seafood supplies, 

threatening the sustainable yield of the seas. The Group has purchased seafood such as salmon, 

barramundi, shrimps, prawns, lobsters, oysters, clams and scallops from suppliers with sustainable business 

practices when practicable. These seafood have been sourced from suppliers accredited with sustainable 

seafood practices such as the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (“ASC”) (11), Global Aquaculture Alliance 

(“GAA”) (12) and Marine Stewardship Council (“MSC”) (13).

Note:

(10) 

Sustainable palm oil is from plantations that follow the strict standards set out by the RSPO, which is a global certification 

body of sustainable palm oil.

(11) 

ASC is an independent, international non-profit organisation that manages the world’s leading certification and labelling 

programme for responsible aquaculture. ASC plays a major role in supplying food and social benefits for mankind whilst 

minimising negative impacts on the environment and to transform aquaculture towards environmental sustainability and 

social responsibility using efficient market mechanisms that create value across the chain.

(12) 

GAA is an international independent and non-profit organisation founded by a wide range of international aquaculture 

companies, American chain seafood restaurants and wholesalers, and agribusiness companies such as Monsanto and 

Cargill in 1997. GAA has become the leading standards-setting organisation for aquaculture seafood with the development 

of its Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP) certification standards through its dedication to the advocacy, education, and 

leadership in promoting responsible aquaculture practices.

(13) 

MSC is an international independent and non-profit organisation founded by WWF and Unilever in 1997 to recognise and 

reward sustainable fishing efforts to protect oceans and safeguard seafood supplies for the future.



20




21

13. GOVERNANCE

Anti-corruption

Our Employee Handbook sets out expectations of employees in relation to issues such as fraud, conflicts 

of interest and anti-competitive conduct. We conduct our business by inculcating a clean and transparent 

working culture within the organisation. We understand the detrimental effect that corruption has on 

organisations and the society and are determined to ensure that our business decisions and actions 

are ethical and in full compliance with local legal requirements. We do not condone any malpractice, 

impropriety, non-compliance of statutory law and rules and regulations or wrongdoing by employees in 

the course of performing their duties. 

The Group’s whistleblowing policy is displayed on staff notice boards at all our outlets. The policy 

encourages and protects employees to report their concerns regarding accounting or financial 

matters, internal controls, disclosure of information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or any other 

areas involving fraud, corruption, and misconduct of employees. The public, customers and other 

stakeholders can also report any improprieties, or provide other feedback through the Company’s website  

at www.tunglok.com. 

Management and key executives are required to submit annual conflict of interest declarations for 

independent assessment to demonstrate their willingness to adhere to the conflicts of interest policy.

FY21 performance

FY22 Target

No confirmed corruption incident

No incidents of corruption concerning 

employees or business partners.

FY20 Performance

No confirmed corruption incident

Performance in FY21

FY21 Target previously set

Performance in FY21

No incidents of corruption concerning 

employees or business partners

Target achieved




22

14. GRI CONTENT INDEX

Description

Reference

Page reference

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURE 

ORGANISATION PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

Sustainability Report 2021

1

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

Annual Report 2021 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report 2021 (Corporate information/Financial 

statements)

75

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2021 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2021 (Corporate information/Financial 

statements)

17 and 75

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2021 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-7

Scale of the organization

Annual Report 2021 (Our Brands and Outlets/ 

Historical Financial Summary)

2-12 and 18

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Sustainability Report 2021 (Employment/  

Occupational Health and Safety/Training and  

education)

14-17

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainability Report 2021 (Food Health and Safety/

Procurement) 

10-12; 18-20

102-10

Significant changes to the organiza-

tion and its supply chain

Sustainability Report 2021 (Food Health and Safety/

Procurement) 

10-12; 18-20

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-12

External initiatives

None

Not applicable

102-13

Membership of associations

Sustainability Report 2021 (Membership of 

Association)

5

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

Sustainability Report 2021 (Board Statement)

3 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Annual Report 2021 (Corporate Governance Report)

24-58 

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report 2021 (Corporate Governance Report)

24-58

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2021 (Stakeholder Engagement) 

6

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

There are no collective bargaining agreements in place

Not applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Sustainability Report 2021 (Stakeholder Engagement) 

6

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Sustainability Report 2021 (Stakeholder Engagement) 

6

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2021 (Materiality Assessment) 

7




23

Description

Reference

Page reference

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURE 

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report 2021 (Financial statements)

99-100

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Sustainability Report 2021 (Materiality Strategy and 

Assessment) 

7

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2021 (Materiality Strategy and 

Assessment) 

7

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

Sustainability Report 2021 (Reporting Scope and 

Period) 

4

102-51

Date of most recent report

31 March 2021

Not applicable

102-52

Reporting cycle

Sustainability Report 2021 (Reporting Scope and 

Period) 

4

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

Sustainability Report 2021 (Feedback) 

5

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

Sustainability Report 2021 (Reporting Standard) 

4

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2021 (GRI Content Index) 

22-23

102-56

External assurance

The Group has not sought external assurance for this 

reporting period

Not applicable

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Sustainability Report 2021 (Materiality Assessment) 

7

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Report 2021 (Discussed under each 

material sustainability factor) 

8-21

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Sustainability Report 2021 (Discussed under each 

material sustainability factor) 

8-21

Description

Reference

Page reference

TOPIC-SPECIFIC GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURES

ENVIRONMENT

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Sustainability Report 2021 (Environment: Energy 

Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

8

302-3

Energy intensity

Sustainability Report 2021 (Environment: Energy 

Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

8

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Sustainability Report 2021 (Environment: Water 

Consumption)

9

SOCIAL

403-9

Work-related injuries

Sustainability Report 2021 (Social: Occupational 

Health and Safety)

16

404-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

Sustainability Report 2021 (Social: Training and 

Education)

16-17

404-2

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and

transition assistance programmes

Sustainability Report 2021 (Social: Training and 

Education)

16-17

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and

employees

Sustainability Report 2021 (Social: Employment)

14-15

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Sustainability Report 2021 (Social: Food Health and 

Safety)

10-12

GOVERNANCE

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Sustainability Report 2021 (Governance: Anti-

corruption)

21


TUNG LOK GROUP OF RESTAURANTS IN SINGAPORE

TUNG LOK GROUP  I  26 Tai Seng Street, #02-01, Singapore 534057  I  Tel: (65) 6270 7998  I  Fax: (65) 6272 7120



SCAN HERE

www.tunglok.com

Orchard Rendezvous Hotel 

1 Tanglin Road, #02-18 

Tel. 6834 0660

The Central 

6 Eu Tong Sen Street, #02-88/89 

Tel. 6336 6022

Changi City Point 

5 Changi Business Park Central 1, #01-26/27 

Tel. 6636 0606

Square 2 

10 Sinaran Drive, #01-73 

Tel. 6893 1123

The Grandstand 

200 Turf Club Road, #01-23/26 

Tel. 6466 3363

Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #07-07/08/09 

Tel. 6736 0006

CATERING BRANDS

TUNG LOK CATERING

TLG CATERING SERVICES



MANUFACTURING BRAND



HOME FIESTA

Velocity@Novena Square 

238 Thomson Road, #02-11/12 

Tel. 6358 4466

Resorts World Sentosa 

Hotel Michael, Lobby Level 

Tel. 6884 7888

OUE Tower 

60 Collyer Quay, Level 8 

Whatsapp only: 9105 3488

OUE Tower 

60 Collyer Quay, Level 10 

Tel. 6634 3233



Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #07-14/15 

Tel. 6509 1878

VivoCity 

1 Harbourfront Walk, #03-10 

Tel. 6222 7377

Paya Lebar Quarter 

10 Paya Lebar Road, #Bs2-33 

Tel. 6909 8932

Resorts World Sentosa 

26 Sentosa Gateway, #B1-222/223 

Tel. 6251 5168

The Clan Hotel 

10 Cross Street, Level 4 &amp; 5 

Tel. 6980 3535

Liat Towers 

541 Orchard Road, #05-01 

Tel. 6734 3788

Velocity@Novena Square 

238 Thomson Road, #03-09/10 

Tel. 6538 2992

d’Arena 

511 Upper Jurong Road 

Tel. 6262 6996

Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #11-05 

Tel. 6834 4888

Paya Lebar Quarter 

10 Paya Lebar Road, #03-09/10 

Tel. 6909 8933

d’Arena 

511 Upper Jurong Road 

Tel. 6262 6996

Park Regis Hotel 

23 Merchant Road, Level 1

Tel. 6721 9118











































0, 62, 100, 0

CMYK

90, 30, 95, 30

