


TUNG LOK RESTAURANTS (2000) LTD 

(Company Registration Number: 200005703N)

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2020




2

CONTENTS  

PAGE NUMBER

1. BOARD STATEMENT 

3

2. ABOUT TUNG LOK 

4

3. REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

4

4. ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

4

5. REPORTING STANDARD 

4

6. FEEDBACK 

4

7. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

5

8. POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING 

6

9. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

6

10. ENVIRONMENT 

7- 8

11. SOCIAL  

9 - 17

12. GOVERNANCE 

18

13. GRI CONTENT INDEX 

19 - 21

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability 

Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions 

made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.

The details of the contact person for the Sponsor is: -

Name: Mr Ong Hwee Li (Registered Professional, SAC Capital Private Limited)

Address: 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542

Tel: +65 6232 3210






3

1. BOARD STATEMENT

Tung Lok Restaurants (2000) Ltd (“Tung Lok” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) strives towards 

sustainable growth and improving the economic, environmental and social well-being of the communities that 

we operate in. Underlying the formulation of the Group’s business strategies and decisions, and encapsulated 

in the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors, is our continued commitment towards 

sustainable returns to all our stakeholders. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has brought about unprecedented disruptions across all countries, industries and 

people. Our food and beverage industry has not been spared and is adversely affected by the restriction orders 

placed on large-scale events and social distancing measures to control the transmission of COVID-19.  

Arising from the COVID-19 situation, more efforts have been placed on certain ESG factors such as  

Food Health and Safety and Employment in our journey towards sustainability growth for the  

financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY20”).

As a socially responsible food and beverage operator, we are committed to upholding high sanitation  

and hygiene practices in order to protect the well-being of our employees, customers, suppliers  

as well as the wider community, and to operate in a sustainable manner. 

We are pleased to share our third Sustainability Report and would like to extend our thanks to all our 

stakeholders for the continuous engagement, partnership and support. We will remain deeply focused on 

delivering innovative food and beverage experiences to delight our customers towards achieving our  

longer-term sustainability goals.


4

2. ABOUT TUNG LOK

Tung Lok currently owns and manages more than 40 restaurants  

in Singapore, Indonesia, China, Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan and Cambodia. 

The Group has established its footprint as a renowned and trusted 

home-grown global brand through the years.

For details of our brands and restaurants, please refer to our 

website www.tunglok.com or pages 2 to 12 of our annual report 

for FY20 (“Annual Report 2020”). 

3. REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

The scope of this Sustainability Report encompasses our sustainability 

practices and performances for the Group’s operations in Singapore. 

These comprise 26 directly-owned restaurants and 2 central kitchens as of 

31 March 2020. This Sustainability Report should be read in conjunction 

with the Annual Report 2020, as it focuses on the Group’s sustainability 

efforts and strategies for the period from 1 April 2019 to 

31 March 2020.

4. ABOUT THIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Tung Lok affirms our commitment to sustainability with the 

publication of our third Sustainability Report. This Sustainability Report 

includes discussions of our material sustainability principles and initiatives 

as we track and present our accountability of the ESG factors.

5. REPORTING STANDARD

This Sustainability Report has been prepared based on the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) G4 guidelines – Core, and in 

accordance with SGX Catalist Rule 711B. We have not sought 

external assurance for this Sustainability Report. 

6. FEEDBACK

We welcome your questions and value your feedback on how 

our sustainability practices can be improved. Please send all 

feedback to info@tunglok.com.






5

7. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

We have identified key stakeholder groups that are instrumental to the Group’s success. We are 

committed to have regular communication with these stakeholders as we strongly believe in 

accountability and open dialogue. It is crucial to include and align the needs of these stakeholders in our 

business decisions so that we can better strengthen our relationships with them. 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels:

Key Stakeholders

Goals

Modes of Engagement 

Customers

- Provision of quality food and services

- Food safety and hygiene

- Innovative products

- Sustain growing customer brand loyalty

- Loyalty programme: Tung Lok First Card

- Social media: Instagram and Facebook, etc.

- Mass media events/press conferences

- Point of sale

- Survey and market research/feedback

- Annual reports 

- Audio-visual presentations

Employees

- Provide a safe and conducive environment

- Provide training and progressive career 

development opportunities so as to have 

capable employees exceed expectations 

of our customers and effectively manage 

food and workplace safety and hygiene 

requirements

- Develop an open and communicative 

workforce to engage staff

- Company events and activities

- Annual performance appraisal

- Internal meetings, discussions and regular 

communications and counselling

- Formulation of career development plans

- Induction programmes

- Trainings and product knowledge

- Surveys and interviews

- Volunteer and community activities

- Annual reports

Regulators

- Comply with applicable regulations, laws 

and food safety standards set by the 

authorities

- Contribute to economic and social 

developments

- Participation in conferences, meetings and 

discussions

- Site visits

- Audit checks

- Staff training to raise awareness of rules and 

requirements and to ensure compliance 

Shareholders

Provide timely information on the following to 

enhance transparency:

• Financial and operational performance of 

the Group

• Corporate governance and sustainability 

practices of the Group

• Business strategies of the Group

- Shareholders’ meetings 

- Corporate announcements and circulars

- Half-yearly and full-yearly financial result 

announcements

- Annual reports

- Investor relations

- Website at www.tunglok.com

Suppliers

- Build positive and long-term relationships 

with suppliers

- Selection of reliable suppliers based on the 

Group’s selection policy

- Annual vendor assessments

- Regular and open communication, meetings 

and discussions about expectations and 

deliverables

- Regular site visits and monitoring

- Audits and checks

Communities

- Contribute to economic and social 

developments and the community in which 

we operate in

- Corporate volunteering

- Sponsorships/donations and philanthropy

- Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives




6

8. POLICIES, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING

Reporting Structure

The Group has a Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) led by our President/Chief Executive Officer, 

Mr Andrew Tjioe Ka Men, and includes senior management executives. In consultation with our Board 

of Directors, the SSC oversees the development of the sustainability strategy, sustainability performance 

and monitoring, as well as the production of this Sustainability Report. 

Sustainability Reporting Process (Identify, Prioritise, Validate and Review)

Under the Group’s Sustainability Reporting policy, the Group will first identify the material issues relevant 

to the Group’s activities. The material issues will be prioritised and validated with data, in order to finalise 

the content of this Sustainability Report. The material issues are reviewed and updated from the previous 

reporting period.

9. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The SSC conducts a review of the materiality assessment annually. The SSC has identified the following 

eight (8) factors that are material to the Group, which have been prioritised and validated by the Board 

of Directors:

Category

Material Topics

Environmental

Energy Consumption (Gas and Electricity) 

Water Consumption

Social

Food Health and Safety

Customer Satisfaction

Employment

Training and Education

Procurement

Governance

Anti-corruption

There are no changes to the material ESG factors compared to the previous 

reporting period. 

In prioritising the material ESG factors, the SSC considered the impact and  

likelihood of the following:

- Global and emerging sustainability trends;

- Main topics and future challenges for the food and beverage industry; and

- Insights gained from regular interactions with key stakeholders.




7

10. ENVIRONMENT

Energy Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

Energy use and the resulting carbon emissions cause heat to be trapped in the atmosphere, leading 

to climate change. Temperatures on Earth have been rising at about 0.13°C per decade over the past 

50 years (1). It is through the reduction of carbon emissions that we can limit the repercussions on the 

environment.

The Group recognises the role it has to play in energy conservation but also acknowledges that there are 

practical limitations. Further, Singapore’s geographical constraints limit the extent to which alternative 

renewable energy resources such as wind turbines, hydroelectric and nuclear powers can be deployed. 

Hence, increasing energy efficiency will continue to be a key strategy to reduce our carbon emissions. 

In view of the high consumption of gas and electricity by the Group’s operations, the Group has 

an energy conservation strategy which involves changing employees’ behaviour and investing in 

maintenance and energy-efficient machines. We have been progressively phasing out traditional 

operating equipment and replacing them with energy-efficient ones while regularly maintaining existing 

operating cooking equipment to ensure they consume energy efficiently. Additionally, we track and 

review energy consumption regularly to control usage. We use a combination of liquefied petroleum gas 

and liquefied natural gas sourced from the government and private vendors.

The following are the key statistics of our energy consumption during FY20 and our target for the 

financial year ending 31 March 2021 (“FY21”):

Resource

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Gas 

9.18 million kWh

0.118 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Reduce gas consumption 

rate

Usage in FY19

FY19 Performance

8.92 million kWh

0.111 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Usage in FY20

Reduce gas consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Resource 

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Electrical

8.44 million kWh

0.108 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Reduce electrical 

consumption rate

Usage in FY19

FY19 Performance

7.70 million kWh

0.096 kWh per every S$1 of revenue 

earned

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Usage in FY20

Reduce electrical consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Note: 

(1) 

Reference from https://www.mse.gov.sg/topic/climate-change




8

Water Consumption

Water is a precious resource and prudent usage is key. Water is vital to our business operations since 

it is used for washing and preparing food products, cleaning and dishwashing, amongst others. The 

water we consume is sourced from public utilities. Our Group practises active management of water 

usage, such as periodic inspections of pipes and faucets and encourages staff to save water, which will 

contribute to an improved economic performance of the Group. 

The following are the key statistics of our water consumption during FY20 and our target for FY21:

Resource

Usage in FY20

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Water

108,764 cubic 

metres (“m3”)

1.393 m3 per every S$1,000 of 

revenue earned

Reduce or maintain the water 

consumption rate.

Usage in FY19

FY19 Performance

109,547 m3

1.361 m3 per every S$1,000 of 

revenue earned

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Usage in FY20

Reduce water consumption rate

Target not achieved (2)

Note:

(2) 

The Group did not achieve the utilities target usage for energy and water consumptions in FY20 mainly due to:

(a) 

The fourth quarter of each financial year (January to March), which coincides with the Chinese New Year, is traditionally 

the period during which the Group’s restaurants experience its peak patronage and generate substantially greater 

revenue compared to other periods. In the fourth quarter of FY20 (“Q4FY20”), the Group generated much lower 

revenue due to the restrictions placed on large-scale events and social distancing measures to control the local 

transmission of COVID-19. The lower revenue during Q4FY20 has resulted in a higher energy and water usage per 

revenue earned in FY20; and

(b)  

4 new outlets under gestation during FY20 compared to FY19.




11. SOCIAL

Food Health and Safety 

The Group strives to deliver the highest-quality and healthy fare and service so that customers can have 

the best dining experience.

Certificates relating to Food Safety Standards 

The Group has attained the following certifications relating to food safety standards: 

- Both our central kitchens have attained the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (“HACCP”) standard, 

which is a systematic approach to identifying specific hazards and measures for control to ensure food 

safety.

- All our restaurants have achieved Grade “A” certification from the Singapore Food Agency (“SFA”) for 

good personal and food hygiene, and housekeeping standards. 

- Both our central kitchens have attained Grade “A” licence from the SFA for good manufacturing 

practices and proper food safety systems.

Annual HACCP audit ensures that the Group consistently maintains the highest standards for food safety 

and hygiene. 

Singapore Clean Ambassador (“SG Clean”)

The Singapore Government has launched ‘SG Clean’ campaign in February 2020 which was extended to 

businesses in the food sector on 12 March 2020 to sustain good habits of personal and public hygiene 

as well as raise cleanliness standards and safeguard public health. Enterprises with the ‘SG Clean’ 

certification means they have set up processes to ensure that the food preparation areas and equipment 

are sanitised, waste is handled properly and systems are in place to monitor staff health. The Group has 

attained the ‘SG Clean’ certificates for all but one (1) of our restaurants. 

It is our top priority to provide a pleasant and safe dining and working environments for our customers 

and employees. We have been upholding the highest standard in hygiene practices in light of the 

current COVID-19 situation and implemented the following precautionary measures:

• Clean and sanitize our restaurants 3 times daily;

• Conduct temperature checks on every customer before allowing them into our restaurants;

• Adhere to the social distancing measure by widening the space between tables or seating guests 

further away from each other with empty tables in between groups;

• Placing plastic partitions in between tables at some of our restaurants;

• Providing diners with food grade antiseptic wipe for utensils;

• Contact tracing measure using the SafeEntry visitor management system; and

• Digital menu and electronic ordering.

5S Programme

Our 5S Programme, short for Sort, Systematise, Shine, Standardise and Self-Discipline, is a systematic 

programme that we follow to achieve cleanliness and standardisation in the workplace. It aims to drive 

productivity through operational efficiency and effective space utilisation. The Restaurant Association of 

Singapore (“RAS”) is the main training provider for 5S in the Food and Beverage (“F&amp;B”) industry.

There are currently five (5) 5S auditors in the Group. Each of our restaurants is managed by a 5S-certified 

senior general manager and staffed with 5S-trained personnel, making every Tung Lok outlet 

5S-compliant (3) with 12 outlets being 5S certified (3).

Note:

(3) 

5S compliant workplace refers to the adherence to the 5S principles in practice but no external accreditation has been 

obtained, whereas 5S certified workplace refers to being accredited externally by RAS.

9




10

Food Safety Management System (“FSMS”)

The HACCP-based FSMS is a preventative approach towards identifying, preventing, and 

reducing food-borne hazards. This ensures that food prepared is hygienic and safe for consumption. 

A well-designed FSMS with appropriate control measures can help food establishments with catering 

licences to comply with food hygiene regulations. 

In relation to the FSMS, the Singapore Standard SS583:2013 for Guidelines on Food Safety Management 

for Food Service Establishments (the “SS583:2013 Guidelines”) has been developed by Enterprise 

Singapore and key industry players. Caterers are required to draw up and implement a FSMS plan with 

reference to the SS583:2013 Guidelines before obtaining or renewing their licence.

To further improve food hygiene standards in the food industry, the FSMS requirement  

has been extended to all licences with permission to provide catering as an ancillary service,  

with effect from 1 April 2019.

Our catering and permitted-to-cater licensees have implemented FSMS.

Other food safety measures

- All of our chefs and food handlers are required to attend food safety training as part of  

their mandatory training.

- Food warmers with capacity exceeding 7,500 units are used during delivery so that  

food safety standards are not compromised.

- Items with new ingredients used are sent for laboratory testing before launch to  

determine their shelf life.

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Grade “A” SFA (4) certifications for all restaurants 

and Grade “A” SFA certifications for both central 

kitchens

To uphold and maintain the grades of all certifications

FY19 Performance

Grade “A” NEA (4) certifications for all restaurants 

and Grade “A” AVA (4) certifications for both central 

kitchens

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Performance in FY20

To uphold and maintain the grades of all 

certifications

Target achieved

Note:

(4) 

All food-related services previously under National Environment Agency (“NEA”) and Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority 

of Singapore (“AVA”) are provided by SFA with effect from 1 April 2019.


11

Customer Satisfaction

As one of the Singapore leading restaurant operator, the provision of exemplary service excellence 

values are entrenched in the Group’s processes and practices to maximise the customer satisfaction and 

build loyal customer base.

The Group is dedicated to providing the most pleasurable dining experience for all, consistently  

and creatively. We seek to continuously improve customers’ experiences with our Tung Lok Service  

(同乐服务), where we continuously delight customers with innovative and unique dining experiences. 

Achievements for our Exemplary Customer Services

• Excellent Service Award

The Excellent Service Award (“EXSA”) which was launched in 1994, recognises individuals who have 

delivered exceptional services and created memorable experiences for customers. This is organised 

by the Restaurant Association of Singapore (“RAS”) and Enterprise Singapore. The award categories 

presented include the Silver, Gold and Star. All awardees attend a 4-hour EXSA workshop to reinforce 

and sustain a consistent level of quality service after receiving the awards. In 2019, a total of 61 

employees from our Group received the EXSA. This included 30 Silver awardees, 26 Gold awardees and 

5 Star awardees.

• Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore

The Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore (“CSISG”) is a quantitative measurement system that is 

used to compute customer satisfaction scores across sectors and sub-sectors in the services industry of 

Singapore. CSISG system is jointly developed by the Institute of Service Excellence (ISE) at SMU and the 

Singapore Workforce Development Agency (WDA). The CSISG serves as a quantitative benchmark on 

the perceived overall satisfaction among our competitors in Singapore. Tung Lok Signatures achieved 

a satisfaction score of 82.0 (2018: 76.9), which was the second highest score achieved compared to all 

other restaurants in 2019.

Customers’ Feedback Report

Every customer feedback is important and integral to our continued success. Our formal service recovery 

process provides a systematic decision-making framework to appropriately manage all customer 

feedback in a prompt manner. Each concern, if possible, must be addressed and a response given within 

24 hours. The Group identifies areas for improvement based on insights gathered through the monthly 

customers’ feedback report which contains information about compliments and concerns as well as areas 

for improvements.




12

Service Handbook

A service handbook has been specially designed for all Tung Lok employees. The handbook is presented 

to each employee upon hiring and the contents will be explained during the orientation. The message in 

the handbook is reinforced in the restaurants through role plays, daily roll call and displayed on the staff 

notice boards.

In FY20, we received a total of 378 compliments (about 94%) and 23 concerns (about 6%).

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Maintained compliment to concern ratio at 16:1

To maintain compliment to concern ratio at 13:1 

FY19 Performance

Maintained compliment to concern ratio at 10:1

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Performance in FY20

To maintain compliment to concern ratio at 7:1

Target achieved

Our Group is an early adopter of online food delivery platforms, even prior to the outbreak of COVID-19. 

Our experience and readiness for such on-line delivery platforms allow us to continue to operate and 

not disrupt the services to our customers during the circuit breaker period. We simplified our range 

of menu to include easy-to-eat items such as bento sets and widened the catchment areas of our 

potential customers through partnering with more online food delivery platforms which offer island-wide 

deliveries.

Employment

Our employees, being at the forefront of our business, are key to enriching our guests’ overall dining 

experience. As our employees are our most valuable assets, attracting and retaining top talents is of 

great significance to Tung Lok. In order to consistently provide excellent customer service, the Group 

places emphasis on employing individuals with the necessary competencies, experience, qualifications 

and mind-set. We employ qualified candidates without any discrimination against age, gender, race, 

marital status, nationality or religion. We are committed to maintaining a talented, dedicated and 

diverse workforce and to providing equal opportunities in employment. The Company has a Board 

Diversity Policy that endorses the principle that its Board should have a balance of skills, knowledge and 

experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business so as to mitigate against groupthink 

and to ensure that the Company has the opportunity to benefit from all available talents. In addition, 

gender diversity is also present in our Board where 2 out of 8 directors are females. 

The Group creates a healthy work culture which values and respects our employees’ contributions, 

independent of age, gender, race, marital status, nationality or religion. Open communication is actively 

promoted to effectively gather constructive feedback to better achieve our corporate goals. 

Employee handbook

We employ human resource strategies and policies which emphasise fair employment practices and 

enhance the productivity and growth of the Group and its employees. The employee handbook outlines 

the Company’s basic operational and human resource policies concerning employee conduct, fringe 

benefits and terms and conditions of employment.

Employee incentives

We believe in the importance of fair and equitable rewards to employees where credits are due. In order 

to retain talented employees, annual reviews of remuneration packages are performed to ensure that the 

compensation and benefits are in line with market rates.

We reckon that it is through taking good care of the well-being of our employees only can the Group 

thrives. We provide service incentives to reward and motivate our service and kitchen staff so as to 

align their interests to the Group’s business goals and objectives. Long Service Awards are awarded on 

an annual basis to reward long-serving employees for their dedication. Perfect Health Incentives are 

also awarded on an annual basis to reward employees who stay safe and healthy during their service of 

employment with the Group. 




Age Group

Female

Male

Total

30 and below

64

134

198

31-49

98

176

274

50-69

77

68

145

70 and above

5

4

9

Total

244

382

626

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

30 and below 

31-49

50-69

70 and above

Male

Female

13

Safety Measures at Workplace

The outbreak of COVID-19 during Q4FY20 has posed significant health threat to our customers as well 

as our frontline employees. The Group is committed to adhering to the Safe Management Measures 

issued by the tripartite partners - the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), the National Trades Union Congress 

(NTUC) and the Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF) to safeguard the well-being of our 

employees and minimize the risk of widespread resurgence of COVID-19 in the community. We have 

implemented the following Safe Management Measures:

• Working from home (“WFH”) arrangement for administrative employees. 

Employees are only allowed to return to office based on a pre-arranged schedule;

• Providing IT equipment/software to employees to support WFH arrangement;

• Staggered work hours have been arranged for all the employees who required to return to work;

• Prohibiting cross-deployment or interaction between employees from different outlets;

• Providing face masks and hand sanitisers to employees and requiring them to  

wear masks at workplace at all times;

• Contactless thermometer in all outlets and office to minimize physical touchpoints;  

and  

• Daily temperature taking for staff twice in all outlets and office.

Social collaborations

Tung Lok firmly believes in being a socially responsible corporate citizen and giving back to society. 

In FY20, we have also started several collaborations to help the less fortunate in the society, including 

Kampong Assisi Charity Fun Day 2019 (“Assisi 2019”) and Project Chulia Street (“PCS”).

Assisi 2019 was co-organised by City Development Limited and CBM Pte Ltd to provide comfort and 

dignity to Assisi Hospice patients with life-limiting illnesses and their families. Our Group was one of the 

F&amp;B sponsors and took part in the annual Assisi 2019 on 16 June 2019 held at St. Joseph’s Institution 

International, where Tung Lok’s management and staff sold food at the charity drive while spreading 

awareness about terminal illnesses to attendees. The event raised funds for Assisi Hospice, which 

provides subsidised care for the poor and critically ill.

PCS is a privately funded initiative that serves as a platform to enhance health and well-being of migrant 

workers in Singapore. The Group collaborated with PCS in increasing the migrant workers’ social and 

economic mobility at Westlite Jalan Papan Dormitory on 23 November 2019, providing 1,000 portions of 

various dishes to 1,500 migrant workers.

Our Group is involved in grooming the next generation of F&amp;B talents in Singapore. We have been the 

sponsor of the Gold and Silver Course Medal Awards for graduating students of Temasek Polytechnic’s 

Diploma in Baking and Culinary Science programme.

The Group has 626 (31 March 2019: 634) full-time employees in Singapore as at 31 March 2020. The 

breakdown of staff headcount by gender and age group is as follows:

Total headcount by gender and age group as at 31 March 2020




14

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Ratio of women to men - 1:1.57

Ratio of women to men should not rise above 1:1.55

FY19 Performance

Ratio of women to men - 1:1.50

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Performance in FY20

To improve gender mix

Target not achieved (5)

Note:

(5)  

Due to the unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 during Q4FY20, the Group’s manpower planning has been disrupted.  

This has resulted in the temporary shift of the Group’s manpower dynamics. We will continue to move towards a more 

balanced gender ratio in FY21.

Training and Education

Our staff are the ambassadors of Tung Lok’s brand of service. The Group strongly believes that the 

provision of appropriate training opportunities and programmes for our employees is key in equipping 

them with relevant skill sets to help them realise their full potential in their careers. 

During FY20, we are an accredited in-house WSQ Approved Training Organisation (“ATO”). Some of the 

WSQ certified programmes that we run include ‘F&amp;B Safety and Hygiene in the Working Environment’, 

‘Interact and Serve F&amp;B Customers’ and ‘Perform Hosting Duties’. The employees who have undergone 

this training are empowered to provide better quality services to our valued customers.

Other external training programmes which our employees have undergone include Halal Foundation 

Programme, Occupational First Aid courses and specialist F&amp;B courses such as Building People 

Management. Subsidies for specifically approved courses have been provided as we believe that 

employee learning and professional growth from these courses is necessary for the long-term Group’s 

efficiency and productivity.

Moral education programmes (弟子规) are conducted periodically to inculcate positive social values  

in our employees so that they demonstrate goodwill and diligence to stakeholders when carrying out 

their duties.

All confirmed and permanent employees will undergo an annual performance appraisal where career 

development is discussed and training needs are identified.

Our Group performance has been adversely affected by the unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 

during Q4FY20. The Group will utilise the available employment support incentives and programmes 

funded by the Singapore Government such as Job Redesign Programmes, to improve the efficiency 

and productivity of current workforce. The Job Redesign Programmes helps to equip the participated 

employees with different set of skills and helps the Group retain them by redeploying them to the other 

divisions within the Group.

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

Average training hours per employee is 17.0

To improve average training hours per employee 

FY19 Performance

Average training hours per employee is 12.5

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Performance in FY20

To improve average training hours per employee

Target achieved




15

Procurement

With consumers becoming ever more health-conscious, Tung Lok has stepped up efforts to better meet 

their dietary preferences while ensuring they still get top-quality fare. The Group procures a wide range 

of goods and services to support our operations from more than 600 suppliers. We aim to source goods 

and services from socially responsible vendors to reduce any negative impact on the environment while 

ensuring our customers are served the freshest and healthiest ingredients from sustainable sources.

The Group ensures that all of the Group’s suppliers have obtained necessary approvals from SFA. 

Suppliers

Currently, almost all of the suppliers we liaise directly with, are based in Singapore. These suppliers 

source ingredients from the neighbouring region including Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia and China. 

We endeavour to create a positive impact in the community we operate in by supporting these local 

businesses. 

Our team makes frequent farm visits to source for wholesome and reliable food supplies.  

We have performed ten (10) site visits to suppliers in FY20, such as Leong Guan Food Trading Pte Ltd 

and KKF Pte Ltd, in Singapore to audit the supplier’s environment and obtain assurance  

about the quality of its source.

The Group has a selection policy that evaluates new and existing vendors based on criteria which 

include, but are not limited to:

- quality of services and/or products;

- responsiveness and support;

- delivery performance; and

- price competitiveness.

New vendors are also carefully screened and closely monitored.

Collaboration with local farms 

The term “food miles” describes the distance in which food has travelled from the place of production 

to the place of consumption. Purchasing more local produce will lead to the reduction of food miles. The 

reduction of food miles helps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions which contribute to climate change. 

In line with our goals to increase supporting more local farms in Singapore, we have also collaborated 

with local farms such as Boong Poultry Pte Ltd, Ananas Republic Pte Ltd, Zenxin Agri-Organic Food Pte 

Ltd, Edible Garden City Pte Ltd, Kin Yan Agrotech Pte Ltd, Farm Delight Pte Ltd and Sustenir Agriculture 

(Singapore) Pte Ltd to source for their fresh domestic food products.

Our Group has not been spared from the global supply chain disruptions caused by the COVID-19 

pandemic. Most of our suppliers are facing some form of disruption from the neighbouring regions due 

to travel restrictions. We have responded swiftly by sourcing for more local products and manoeuvre our 

outlets’ menus based on available ingredients. In order to keep the disruption to the minimum, we are 

able to work with our trusted suppliers, whom we have built close relationships over the years, to reserve 

food ingredients in bulk to prevent sudden supply shortage of certain ingredients. 

Eco-friendly restaurant essentials

The Group demonstrated its commitment to protecting the environment with its use of biodegradable 

packaging for take-away packaging, recyclable aprons and eco-friendly unbleached bamboo cocktail 

napkins for some of our restaurants. 

The take-away plastic bags that we currently use contains the d2w certified plastic additive. The d2w 

additive is included at the manufacturing stage and allows everyday plastic products to degrade in the 

presence of oxygen into biodegradable materials which can be recycled back into nature more quickly 

than ordinary plastic.




16

Some of our restaurants and our Halal catering division, Bellygood, use disposable plastic cutlery and 

plateware containing 70% organic content, which is made of corn. These plastic cups, plates, and cutlery 

can completely degrade in 90 days under landfill conditions. 

Our restaurants also use eco-friendly bamboo cocktail napkins. Bamboo is a great alternative to 

conventional tissues from wood pulp as it is a resilient grass which grows faster than any other woody 

plant, and does not require the use of pesticides or insecticides. Its qualities make it a readily available 

and accessible sustainable resource.

Recyclable aprons are also used in our Tung Lok Seafood and Dancing Crab outlets islandwide. 

Sustainable Business Practices

Palm oil is the world’s most edible oil and is widely used in the F&amp;B industry. However, the production of 

palm oil has led to deforestation, fires and worker exploitation. The formation of Southeast Asia Alliance 

for Sustainable Palm Oil (“SASPO”) is an initiative led by the World Wide Fund for Nature (“WWF”) 

Singapore which champions the use of sustainable and ethically-produced palm oil in business supply 

chains. As part of our commitment as a member of SASPO, we have achieved our target of 100% Group-

wide use of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (“RSPO”) (6) certified palm oil for direct cooking. This 

represents our commitment towards sustainable palm oil practices and doing our part to stop the slash-

and-burn methods of deforestation to clear forests and make way for palm oil plantations.

Note:

(6) 

Sustainable palm oil is from plantations that follow the strict standards set out by the RSPO, which is a global certification 

body of sustainable palm oil.

To create awareness of plant-based dining, our Lingzhi Vegetarian has on 29 July 2019 showcased a 

7-course fully plant-based menu prepared using the revolutionary Omnipork. Omnipork is developed 

by Omnifoods, a technology company launched by Green Monday, to promote shifting to plant-based 

diet as a crucial means to tackle global warming and food insecurity as the current livestock industry 

contributes more carbon footprint than all transportations combined. The one-night dinner talk aims to 

create awareness of a sustainable food system by advocating once-a-week plant-based meal philosophy 

to reduce carbon footprint and improve health by giving up meat for just one day per week.

In FY20, the Group continued to offer its healthier range of mooncakes. The healthier mooncakes 

contain less sugar and more dietary fibre as it is produced using Allulose, a naturally occurring novel 

sugar which is lower in sugar and calories. The healthier mooncakes have been certified by the Health 

Promotion Board (“HPB”) as a healthier choice and were well-received by consumers. 

Our Group is committed to promoting healthier dining at our restaurants. As a start, our brand Lao 

Beijing is one of the Healthier Dining Partners of HPB under the Healthier Dining Programme (“HDP”). 

HDP is an initiative by HPB to encourage F&amp;B operators to curate healthier menus for their customers. 

Lao Beijing currently offers 24 healthier items in its menu which have been developed in accordance with 

the HPB’s guidelines. 

The Group continues its practices of reducing the excessive use of plastic by removing straws  

completely from restaurant practices or providing them only on request, which is part of WWF’s Plastic 

ACTion (“PACT”) business coalition and supported by the National Environment Agency (NEA) and Zero 

Waste SG. However, if our customers do request for straws, we offer them carbon-neutral plant straws 

made by polylactic acid (PLA) which is a new material made from sustainable and renewable resources 

such as corn and tapioca, and is 100% biodegradable and compostable.




Sustainable Seafood Practices

Increasing seafood consumption worldwide has exerted growing pressures on existing seafood  

supplies, threatening the sustainable yield of the seas. The Group has purchased seafood such 

as salmon, barramundi, shrimps, prawns, lobsters, oysters, clams and scallops from suppliers with 

sustainable business practices when practicable. These seafood have been sourced from suppliers 

accredited with sustainable seafood practices such as the Asian Aquaculture Network (“ANN”) (7),  

World Aquaculture Society (“WAS”) (8), Aquaculture Stewardship Council (“ASC”) (9),  

Global Aquaculture Alliance (“GAA”) (10) and Marine Stewardship Council (“MSC”) (11).

FY20 Performance

FY21 Target

All our suppliers have obtained necessary approvals from 

SFA

All our suppliers to obtain necessary approvals from 

SFA

FY19 Performance

All our suppliers have obtained necessary approvals from 

AVA

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set 

Performance in FY20

All our suppliers to obtain necessary approvals from SFA

Target achieved

Notes: 

(7)  

AAN is a regional professional network and platform for the communication sharing of knowledge and practical technical 

information about aquaculture with the primary focus of promoting sustainable development and profitable practices of 

aquaculture in all of Asia.

(8) 

WAS is an international networks founded by 100 countries representing the global aquaculture community and associated 

with other aquaculture associations such as the Aquaculture Association of Canada, Aquaculture Association of South 

Africa, Aquaculture without Frontiers, Asian Fisheries Society, Brazilian Society of Aquaculture and Aquatic Biology, 

China Society of Fisheries, Egyptian Aquaculture Society, European Aquaculture Society, Indonesian Aquaculture Society, 

Korean Aquaculture Society, Malaysian Fisheries Society, Society of Aquaculture Professionals (India) and Spanish Society 

of Aquaculture. WAS is a dynamic organization capable of responding to change and is recognized for its professional 

credibility in aquaculture science, technology and education to the progressive and sustainable development of aquaculture 

throughout the world.

(9) 

ASC is an independent, international non-profit organisation that manages the world’s leading certification and labelling 

programme for responsible aquaculture. ASC plays a major role in supplying food and social benefits for mankind whilst 

minimising negative impacts on the environment and to transform aquaculture towards environmental sustainability and 

social responsibility using efficient market mechanisms that create value across the chain.

(10) 

GAA is an international independent and non-profit organisation founded by a wide range of international aquaculture 

companies, American chain seafood restaurants and wholesalers, and agribusiness companies such as Monsanto and 

Cargill in 1997. GAA has become the leading standards-setting organisation for aquaculture seafood with the development 

of its Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP) certification standards through its dedication to the advocacy, education, and 

leadership in promoting responsible aquaculture practices. 

(11) 

MSC is an international independent and non-profit organisation founded by WWF and Unilever in 1997 to recognise and 

reward sustainable fishing efforts to protect oceans and safeguard seafood supplies for the future.



17




18

12. GOVERNANCE

Anti-corruption

Our Employee Handbook sets out expectations of employees in relation to issues such as fraud, 

conflicts of interest and anti-competitive conduct. We conduct our business by inculcating a clean 

and transparent working culture within the organisation. We understand the detrimental effect that 

corruption has on organisations and the society and are determined to ensure that our business 

decisions and actions are ethical and in full compliance with local legal requirements. We do not 

condone any malpractice, impropriety, non-compliance of statutory law and rules and regulations or 

wrongdoing by employees in the course of performing their duties. 

The Group’s whistleblowing policy is displayed on staff notice boards at all our outlets. The policy 

encourages and protects employees to report their concerns regarding accounting or financial matters, 

internal controls, disclosure of information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or any other areas 

involving fraud, corruption and misconduct of employees. The public, customers and other stakeholders 

can also report any improprieties, or provide other feedback through the Company’s website at  

www.tunglok.com. 

Management and key executives are required to submit annual conflict of interest declarations for 

independent assessment to demonstrate their willingness to adhere to the conflicts of interest policy.

FY20 performance

FY21 Target

No confirmed corruption incident

No incidents of corruption concerning employees or 

business partners

FY19 Performance

No confirmed corruption incident

Performance in FY20

FY20 Target previously set

Performance in FY20

No incidents of corruption concerning employees or 

business partners

Target achieved




19

13. GRI CONTENT INDEX

Description

Reference

Page reference

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURE 

ORGANISATION PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

Sustainability Report 2020

1

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

Annual Report 2020 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report 2020 (Corporate information/

Financial statements)

17 and 72

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2020 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2020 (Corporate information/

Financial statements)

17 and 72

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2020 (Our Brands and Outlets)

2-12

102-7

Scale of the organization

Annual Report 2020 (Our Brands and Outlets/

Historical Financial Summary)

2-12 and 18

102-8

Information on employees and 

other workers

Sustainability Report 2020 (Employment/ 

Training and Education)

12-14

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainability Report 2020 (Food Health and 

Safety/Procurement) 

9-10; 15-17

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply chain

Sustainability Report 2020 (Food Health and 

Safety/Procurement) 

9-10; 15-17

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-12

External initiatives

None

Not applicable

102-13

Membership of associations

- Singapore Business Federation

- Restaurant Association of Singapore

- Franchising and Licencing Association of 

Singapore 

Not applicable

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

Sustainability Report 2020 (Board Statement)

3 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour

Annual Report 2020 (Corporate Governance 

Report)

24-55 

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report 2020 (Corporate Governance 

Report)

24-55

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2020 (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

5

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

There are no collective bargaining agreements in 

place

Not applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Sustainability Report 2020 (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

5

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Sustainability Report 2020 (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

5

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2020 (Materiality Assessment) 6




20

Description

Reference

Page reference

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURE 

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report 2020 (Financial statements)

98-99

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Sustainability Report 2020 (Materiality Strategy 

and Assessment) 

6

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2020 (Materiality Strategy 

and Assessment) 

6

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

Sustainability Report 2020 (Reporting Scope and 

Period) 

4

102-51

Date of most recent report

31 March 2019

Not applicable

102-52

Reporting cycle

Sustainability Report 2020 (Reporting Scope and 

Period) 

4

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

Sustainability Report 2020 (Feedback) 

4

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

Sustainability Report 2020 (Reporting Standard) 

4

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2020 (GRI Content Index) 

19-21

102-56

External assurance

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this reporting period

Not applicable

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

Sustainability Report 2020 (Materiality 

Assessment) 

6

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Sustainability Report 2020 (Discussed under each 

material sustainability factor) 

7-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

Sustainability Report 2020 (Discussed under each 

material sustainability factor) 

7-18




21

Description

Reference

Page reference

TOPIC-SPECIFIC GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURES

ENVIRONMENT

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Sustainability Report 2020 (Environment: Energy 

Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

7

302-3

Energy intensity

Sustainability Report 2020 (Environment: Energy 

Consumption (Gas and Electricity)

7

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Sustainability Report 2020 (Environment: Water 

Consumption)

8

SOCIAL

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Sustainability Report 2020 (Social: Food Health 

and Safety)

9-10

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and

employees

Sustainability Report 2020 (Social: Employment)

12-14

404-1

Average hours of training per year 

per employee

Sustainability Report 2020 (Social: Training and 

Education)

14

GOVERNANCE

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions

taken

Sustainability Report 2020 (Governance: Anti-

corruption)

18


TUNG LOK GROUP OF RESTAURANTS

TUNG LOK GROUP  I  26 Tai Seng Street, #02-01, Singapore 534057  I  Tel: (65) 6270 7998  I  Fax: (65) 6272 7120



SCAN HERE

www.tunglok.com



The Grandstand 

200 Turf Club Road, #01-20/21 

Tel. 6465 1814

Resorts World Sentosa 

26 Sentosa Gateway, #01-29 

Tel. 6795 0779

Plaza Singapura 

68 Orchard Road, #03-02 

Tel. 6738 7207



The Grandstand 

200 Turf Club Road, #01-20/21 

Tel. 6466 3303

Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #07-14/15 

Tel. 6509 1878

VivoCity 

1 Harbourfront Walk, #03-10 

Tel. 6222 7377

United Square Shopping Mall 

101 Thomson Road, #B1-09 &amp; 64/65 

Tel. 6259 5668

Paya Lebar Quarter 

10 Paya Lebar Road, #Bs2-33 

Tel. 6909 8932

Resorts World Sentosa 

26 Sentosa Gateway, #B1-222/223 

Tel. 6251 5168

Orchard Rendezvous Hotel 

1 Tanglin Road, #02-18 

Tel. 6834 0660

The Central 

6 Eu Tong Sen Street, #02-88/89 

Tel. 6336 6022

Changi City Point 

5 Changi Business Park Central 1, #01-26/27 

Tel. 6636 0606



Square 2 

10 Sinaran Drive, #01-73 

Tel. 6893 1123



The Grandstand 

200 Turf Club Road, #01-23/26 

Tel. 6466 3363

Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #07-07/08/09 

Tel. 6736 0006

Liat Towers 

541 Orchard Road, #05-01 

Tel. 6734 3788

Velocity@Novena Square 

238 Thomson Road, #03-09/10 

Tel. 6538 2992

The Arena Country Club 

511 Upper Jurong Road 

Tel. 6262 6996

Orchard Central 

181 Orchard Road, #11-05 

Tel. 6834 4888

Paya Lebar Quarter 

10 Paya Lebar Road, #03-09/10 

Tel. 6909 8933

Park Regis Hotel 

23 Merchant Road, Level 1

Tel. 6721 9118

CATERING BRANDS

TUNG LOK CATERING



TLG CATERING SERVICES



MANUFACTURING BRAND



HOME FIESTA

Plaza Singapura 

68 Orchard Road, #03-01 

Tel. 6884 4566

Velocity@Novena Square 

238 Thomson Road, #02-11/12 

Tel. 6358 4466

Resorts World Sentosa 

Hotel Michael, Lobby Level 

Tel. 6884 7888

OUE Tower 

60 Collyer Quay, Level 8 &amp; 10 

Tel. 6634 3233





