






 

 

 

1 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability 

Report 








 

 

 

2 



Table of Contents 

 

 

Chairman and CEO’s Message ..................................................................................................................... 3 

About Uni-Asia ............................................................................................................................................. 4 

Our services ............................................................................................................................................... 4 

Geographic presence .................................................................................................................................. 7 

About our report ........................................................................................................................................... 8 

Our approach towards Sustainability &amp; Corporate Responsibility ............................................................ 9 

Stakeholder engagement .......................................................................................................................... 9 

Materiality assessment ............................................................................................................................ 11 

Environmental performance ....................................................................................................................... 12 

Energy management ................................................................................................................................ 12 

Water management ................................................................................................................................. 13 

Social performance ...................................................................................................................................... 14 

Occupational health and safety ............................................................................................................... 14 

Training and education ........................................................................................................................... 15 

Customer health and safety ..................................................................................................................... 16 

Economic performance ............................................................................................................................... 17 

Ethics and anti-corruption ...................................................................................................................... 17 

GRI Standards Content Index ..................................................................................................................... 18 

 

 

 








 

 

 

3 

Chairman and CEO’s Message  

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

On behalf of the Board and management of Uni-Asia Group Limited (“Uni-Asia” or the “Group”), I 

present our inaugural Sustainability Report (the “Report”), which compiles our sustainability 

performance and approach towards bringing a positive change within our Group and the wider 

community. 

 

The Uni-Asia Board and management is committed to sustainability and fully supports the adoption 

of the new SGX sustainability reporting guidelines. The Board oversees the Group’s sustainability 

performance, practices and initiatives and its compliance with SGX guidelines on corporate 

governance and sustainability reporting. It has determined Uni-Asia’s material Environmental, Social 

and Governance topics, and exercises oversight in the management and monitoring of these topics. 

The Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategy formulation. As a listed company, Uni-

Asia is committed to the Code of Corporate Governance of Singapore. The Code provides the 

framework for controls, checks and accountabilities and requires the Board of Directors to consider 

sustainability issues in business decisions. It is our sincere attempt to present Uni-Asia’s sustainability 

performance and management approach in a neutral and balanced manner. The contents have been 

defined on the basis of an internal materiality assessment. 

 

At Uni-Asia, we try to incorporate sustainable practices in all aspects of our operations. Our business 

can be categorised into two main business segments – Shipping and Properties &amp; Hotels operations. 

We aim to promote sustainable business practices amongst our employees, clients, partners and 

suppliers.  

 

As a company specialising in creating alternative investments opportunities and providing integrated 

services relating to shipping and property investments, we recognise that we must conduct our 

operations in a manner that considers the environmental and social impact to ensure the success and 

longevity of our business. We are committed to being transparent about our business, and this report 

is a reflection of that commitment. 

 

We will continue to improve in all aspects under sustainability through measures such as energy 

reduction schemes, adopting innovative technology and conducting regular employee engagements.  

 

We hope this Report will provide valuable insights to our stakeholders on Uni-Asia’s sustainability 

efforts. We appreciate your interest and welcome your feedback on this report. 

 

Michio Tanamoto 

Chairman and CEO 

 

 

 

 








 

 

 

4 

Figure 1 Business Segments 



About Uni-Asia 

Uni-Asia specialises in creating alternative investment opportunities and providing integrated services 

relating to such investments. The Group’s alternative investment targets are mainly cargo ships and 

properties. A common trait of these investments is that they require specialised skillset to manage the 

cash flows in order for value to be created and extracted. The Group also has extensive know-how and 

network relating to such alternative investments and provides services relating these investments. By 

having a diversified portfolio of alternative investments, and capabilities to provide services 

pertaining to different alternative investment assets, the Group is less susceptible to the downside risk 

of a particular asset class and more resilient in the long run.   

 

Our services 

Uni-Asia aims to become a trusted leader in producing and providing alternative investment 

opportunities to all our clients. We produce and offer alternative investment opportunities for assets 

such as vessels and properties to our clients. We also provide integrated services relating to alternative 

asset investments including, but not limited to: 

 

(i) 

asset/ investment management; 

(ii) 

finance arrangement; 

(iii) 

sale and purchase brokerage of ships and properties; 

(iv) 

ship chartering as a ship owner; 

(v) 

ship chartering brokerage; 

(vi) 

ship technical management; 

(vii) 

project management; 

(viii) 

property development/construction management; 

(ix) 

property management and leasing arrangements; and 

(x) 

hotel operation. 

 

Uni-Asia constantly strives to improve the quality of services provided to clients, develop innovative 

products to expand client base, and strengthen its portfolio to generate recurrent returns. Uni-Asia’s 

business segments are as follow: 

 

 








 

 

 

5 

Shipping 

The business strategy employed by the Group towards shipping is to offer a one-stop integrated ship-

related service solutions for clients. Ship investors can approach us for ship investments and 

investment related services including asset management services; ship operators can look to us for 

ship chartering and management; and ship owners can contact us for ship finance arrangement 

solutions, ship management and brokerage services. The strategy of offering a wide array of maritime 

related services is adopted to ensure the Group is resilient regardless of the market conditions and to 

ensure growth in the long term. 

 

The Group’s shipping business is organised into the following three sub-categories: 

 

Uni-Asia Shipping:  

Uni-Asia Shipping is earmarked as the Group’s ship-owning subsidiary focusing on a portfolio of small 

and medium size dry bulk carriers to provide a stable recurrent charter income base to the Group. 

Further, Uni-Asia Shipping is able to provide ship commercial management. 

 

Maritime Asset Management:  

Maritime Asset Management ("MAM") has the expertise to (i) plan and develop investment 

structures, either as standalone special purpose vehicles or shipping funds, and (ii) manage such 

structures as asset manager. 

 

Maritime Services:  

Maritime Services specialises in ship management through the Group’s subsidiaries, Uni Ships and 

Management Limited in Hong Kong as well as Wealth Ocean Ship Management Shanghai Co., Ltd, a 

ship management company based in Shanghai. 

 

For the complete ship portfolio of the Group namely Bulk Carrier, Containership and Tanker, please 

refer our website1. 

 

Property &amp; Hotels 

Property Investment, Hong Kong 

The Group's property investment (excluding Japan) business is managed by Property Investment 

Department ("PID") based in Hong Kong. To date, PID has invested in Hong Kong office development 

projects and office investment in Guangzhou, China. The Head of PID also oversees the Japan 

investments, and PID acts as a bridge in connecting investors (both offshore and onshore Japan) to 

the Group's property business in Japan. The following are investments made by PID. 

 

Hong Kong Property Investments 

 

1st Hong Kong Property Project (35HTR Project): The Group’s first investment into Hong 

Kong property redevelopment project was a project at 35 Hung To Road in Kwun Tong, 

Kowloon East, Hong Kong invested in 2010 which was successfully completed in 2013.  

 

2nd Hong Kong Property Project (CSW650 Project): The Group’s second Hong Kong property 

redevelopment project is located at No. 650 Cheung Sha Wan Road in Hong Kong.  

 

3rd Hong Kong Property Project (K83 Project): The Group’s third Hong Kong property project 

is located at Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 517 at Tai Lin Pai Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, 

Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Government has since assigned the number 83 to the site and the 

address of the site is No. 83, Tai Lin Pai Road, Kwai Hing. 

 

4th Hong Kong Property Project: The Group’s fourth Hong Kong property project is located at 

18-20 Tai Chung Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong. 

 

1 http://www.uni-asia.com/shipping.html 








 

 

 

6 

China Office Investment 

 

China Shine Plaza Office Units Investment: In Guangzhou, China, the Group invested in 14 

office units in China Shine Plaza with a total gross floor area of 1,320 sqm in 2007, 10 units 

out of which were disposed up to date.  

 

Property Investment, Japan 

Uni-Asia Capital (Japan) Ltd. (“UACJ”), a subsidiary of the Group, is the licensed asset management 

company of the Group, while the investment holding subsidiary is Uni-Asia Investment Ltd. UACJ has 

built up its capabilities in Japan property investment management over the years and has the 

expertise in following areas:  

 

Investment Advisory and Management: Before helping clients embark on any investments, 

UACJ will first understand clients’ risk profile and investment requirements. Thereafter, 

UACJ would source for suitable property investments that meet clients’ requirements and 

conduct comprehensive due diligence on the potential investment. UACJ is able to provide the 

necessary investment advisory, including relevant market intelligence, to help clients make 

sound investment decisions.  

 

Asset Management: UACJ is able to provide asset management services to a wide array of 

property investment products especially residence and hotel investments.  

 

Construction Management: UACJ is able to provide a full spectrum of services for properties 

during the development phase, from the selection of architects and general contractors, 

advising of architectural design, overseeing of the construction process, to leasing of 

properties upon completion of construction.  

 

Brokerage Service: With a strong network of property contacts built up over the years, UACJ 

is able to tap on this network to provide property brokerage services to clients, including sale 

and purchase brokerage services. 

 

Vista Hotel Management, Japan 

Vista Hotel Management (“VHM”) is the Group's hotel operating arm specialising in operating 

business hotels in Japan. VHM primarily operates hotels under Hotel Vista brand name as well as the 

premier Hotel Vista Premio brand, but may also operate a brand name as dictated by the owner. The 

rooms in our hotels are stylish and adopt a unique yet functional layout design including the 

separation of bathroom and washroom. Such designs are especially popular with our Japanese guests. 

Accordingly, VHM hotels received good reviews from clients on online travel websites and have many 

repeat guests. 

 

VHM is able to provide the following services: 

 

Hotel operations under the "Hotel Vista / Hotel Vista Premio" brand name or a brand name 

as dictated by the owner of the hotel 

 

Hotel pre-opening services, including assistance in planning of hotel layout and logistic 

advisory 

 

Hotel development advisory 

 

Hotel renovation and improvement management 

 

 








 

 

 

7 

 

Mission Statement 

Uni-Asia aims to be a truly trusted partner for our clients as a producer of 

alternative investment opportunities and an integrated service provider relating 

to alternative investments so as to deliver value to the Group’s shareholders, 

clients and employees. To achieve this vision, we strive to improve the quality of 

our services to our clients, develop innovative new products to expand our 

clients’ base for further growth, and strengthen our investment portfolio so as to 

generate recurrent returns. 

Geographic presence 

The Group has established a strong network across Asia. Hong Kong serves as the business 

headquarters for the Group. Uni-Asia’s office locations are listed below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

 

 

8 

About our report 

This report presents the annual sustainability performance of the Group for the period 1 January 2017 

to 31 December 2017. This report has been prepared in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) Standards. This report covers material Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues that 

are significant to Uni-Asia’s main operating entities in Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore.  

 

Data presented in this report has been either sourced centrally from our enterprise resource planning 

system or directly from the operations included within the report boundary. The data measurement 

techniques and underlying assumptions or calculations have been duly provided in the relevant 

sections of the report. Going forward, we will use this assessment to set sustainability targets for 

ourselves and will aim to continuously monitor and improve our performance in the coming years.  

 

The GRI Standards Content Index is included at the end of the report. The data and statements 

presented in this report have not been externally assured.  

 

For any further query/ clarification/ suggestion related to this report or Uni-Asia’s sustainability 

initiatives, please reach out to us at Uni-Asia@uni-asia.com.sg. 

 








 

 

 

9 

Our approach towards Sustainability &amp; Corporate 

Responsibility 

Our approach towards embedding sustainability aspects in organization’s operations is based on two 

key principles: transparency and accountability. Doing what’s right is sacred to us and therefore at 

Uni-Asia, integrity drives these two key principles. Integrity is fundamental to the Group. By acting 

with integrity, we reflect positively on the values and reputation of the Group in the locations we 

operate. 

 

Everyone in Uni-Asia must follow the law, act with integrity and honesty in all matters, and be 

accountable for our actions. We organise our operations and conduct business in a sustainable &amp; 

ethical manner and aim to offset our impact on the environment. We all want to do what is right, for 

ourselves and for the Group. Uni-Asia’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code”) is incorporated in Uni-

Asia’s Group Policy and Procedure Manual. The Code defines how employees should conduct 

themselves as representatives of the Group. The Code addresses the employees’ responsibilities to the 

Company, to each other and towards our key stakeholders - clients, suppliers, governments and the 

community.  Our aim is to build a sustainable business and a sustainable society together with our 

stakeholders. 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders are defined as groups of people or entities that are directly or indirectly influenced by 

our business operations and outcomes, or that can significantly influence our businesses. Feedback 

from our key stakeholder groups forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, and is 

viewed as a valuable insight for the Group to continuously improve our sustainability performance. As 

such, at Uni-Asia, we seek to ensure that our stakeholders are at the core of our sustainability strategy. 

We want our stakeholders to provide us with their insights and perspectives, as we believe that their 

opinion enriches our business and will enable us to create long term value. We conduct open dialogues 

with our key stakeholders on regular basis to help us understand their concerns and issues. 

 

Engagements with Key Stakeholder Groups in 2017 on key topics and concerns 

We are committed to expand and report on our stakeholder engagement methods. Uni-Asia’s 

management is determined to continuously improve upon sustainability performance by further 

strengthening stakeholder engagement mechanisms. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

 

10 

Figure 2 Stakeholder engagement mechanism 

 

 

 

 





Employees

Monthly management 

meetings are held for 

business updates and to 

discuss important business 

matters

An annual briefing for staff 

is held during annual 

dinner to communicate the 

Company's performance 

and strategy





Clients

Regular meetings with 

clients to discuss product 

&amp; service enhancements, 

and to align and 

customise based on 

specific customer 

requirements





Co



-



Investors

Regular meetings with co-

investors to update on 

progress of investments &amp; 

returns; and for receiving 

regular feedback





Shareholders &amp; 



Investors

Shareholders and investors 

are kept abreast of the 

Company's key 

developments through 

analysts' briefings and 

results announcements

Annual General Meetings 

are conducted to engage our 

shareholders in two-way 

communications on 

Company's performance








 

 

 

11 

Figure 3 Materiality Matrix 

Materiality assessment 

Materiality assessment is a critical input to our corporate sustainability reporting strategy as it 

ensures we provide our stakeholders with the sustainability information most relevant to them and 

our business. In 2017, we completed materiality assessments for three locations, Hong Kong, 

Singapore, and Japan. These locations together forms the reporting boundary for this report. Each 

location includes one operating entity and are considered significant locations of operations, as in 

these regions our economic, social and environmental footprint is greatest. 

 

The materiality assessment process included interviews with internal stakeholders, including 

employees and management, as well as internal workshops to identify the most important 

sustainability issues. We have identified eight material topics that we believe reflect our significant 

economic, environmental and social impacts or that substantively influence the assessments and 

decisions of our stakeholders. We will continue to examine our material issues on an annual basis and 

will work to strengthen our internal sustainability data management framework, processes and 

procedures. 

 

In 2017, Uni-Asia adopted a four-step process to define the material topics.

 

To illustrate their relative degree of importance, the material topics have been plotted on a materiality 

matrix. The eight topics in the top right quadrant represents the key material topics which are high 

significance - high impact topics. 

 

 

Identification

• An internal 

sustainability team 

shortlisted 

sustainability issues 

and topics from issues 

universe and GRI 

Standards 

respectively.

Prioritisation

• Material issues were 

grouped under the 

shortlisted GRI 

Material topics. 

Through discussion 

and analysis, the GRI 

topics were ranked in 

relation to the 

significance of their 

economic, 

environmental, social 

and governance 

impact.

Validation

• The list of ranked 

material topics was 

circulated to 

Management for 

feedback.

Review

• The sustainability 

team re-examines the 

material topics in 

relation to the 

feedback obtained to 

prepare for data 

gathering and 

reporting.







 







Importance to stakeholders 







Importance to business 







Fair labour and human 

rights 

Green buildings 

GHG emissions 

Responsible procurement 







Training &amp; development 

Product quality &amp; safety 

Diversity &amp; inclusion 

Innovation 

Biodiversity 

 







Our key Material Topics 

1.

Energy management 

2.

Water  management 

3.

Environmental compliance 

4.

Occupational health and safety 

5.

Training and education 

6.

Customer health and safety  

7.

Ethics and anti-corruption 







Ship recycling 

Waste management 

Spills  

Ballast water management 








 

 

 

12 

64,202

4,280

4,995

333

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

Total consumption

Average per vessel

HSFO

LSMGO

Figure 4 Fuel Consumption (metric tonnes), Shipping, Hong Kong 

Environmental performance  

Energy management 

The shipping and property &amp; hotel industries are large consumers of energy and resources as well as 

contributors to the Greenhouse Gasses (GHG) emissions. At Uni-Asia we understand our 

responsibility towards environment. We are taking steps to reduce environmental impacts of our 

operations and simultaneously protect and preserve the natural environment.  

 

Energy conservation is important to us. Across all of our locations, including our offices, we use a 

variety of environmentally friendly measures such as using more energy efficient technology, using 

high-efficiency heating and cooling systems and regularly identify ways to reduce our overall energy 

consumption. 

 

Uni-Asia actively communicates to its workforce the significance of energy conservation. The Group 

fervently monitors operations to locate sources of high energy consumption and seeks to improve with 

regards to its environmental performance. These not only help the Group manage costs but ensure 

optimal performance of operations without the compromise of standards. Identified areas of high 

energy use are then assessed and amended to improve energy efficiency and reduce unnecessary 

energy consumption where possible. We will further strengthen our data collection process with 

respect to energy consumption and will be reporting our performance more comprehensively in the 

subsequent years. 

 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

 

Table 1 Energy consumption (million mega joules) across Hotel and Property operations in Japan 

 

 

Hotel, Japan 

Property, Hong 

Kong  

Natural Gas 

23  

0.5 

Oil 

- 

55 

Electricity consumption  28 

0.2 

Steam consumption  1  

- 

Total energy consumption  52 

56 

 

 

 

Based on Uni-Asia’s data and internal 

analysis, we noted that over a span of 

around 2,700 days, the amount of fuel 

consumed by fifteen of our vessels, at 

an average eco-speed of around 120 

days is 64,202 metric tonnes of High 

Sulfur Fuel Oil (HSFO) and 4,995 

metric tonnes of Low Sulphur Marine 

Gas Oil (LSMGO). Please refer to 

Figure 4 for more details. 

 

 

 

 








 

 

 

13 

Water management  

Water Withdrawal by Source 

Water management is an important topic at Uni-Asia and we understand the growing concerns 

worldwide on water scarcity. Concerted efforts have been put in place for many of our properties in 

order t better manage our water use. It is important to us to take a strategic approach in implementing 

effective water management and to minimise water consumption. Water conservation initiatives are 

championed by all our employees and our workers are always reminded to conserve water to the 

extent possible. We continually look for ways to reduce water consumption or preserve its quality. 

 

The Group strives to continuously improve its current water conservation initiatives. As such, 

planning and discussions are currently in progress to find innovative ways to bring in water efficiency 

in our operations. At VHM, around 174,800 m3 of water from municipal supplies or other public or 

private water utilities was consumed during the reporting period. In the case of shipping (HK), surface 

water is used for operations. Vessels use (i) ballast water from sea water, (ii) water for cleaning, 

washing, shower etc. from sea water and (iii) drinking water is purchased at port. Over a span of 

around 2,700 days, around 1.53 million cubic meter of water is used by fifteen of our vessels for ballast 

water exchange purpose and which is around 102,000 cubic meter of water used on an average by one 

vessel2.  

 

We aim to further strengthen our data collection process with respect to water consumption data and 

will be reporting our performance more comprehensively in the subsequent years.  

 

Environmental compliance 

At Uni-Asia, we fully support all governmental laws and regulations on the environment. We aim to 

ensure compliance with all environmental laws and regulations. During 2017, there were no non-

compliance with environmental laws and regulations.  

 

 

 

 

2 Average eco-speed of around 120 days. 








 

 

 

14 

Social performance 

Human capital is a critical element of the Group’s business model. We value our employees as they are 

the core of our operations. Uni-Asia emphasises the career development, welfare, health and safety of 

each employee. Due to our diverse operations, we hire a wide range of highly skilled employees. We 

value the diverse experiences and expertise contributed by our employees.  The hire rate across the 

Group, has grown in the past year. We currently have over 300 employees across Asia locations, and 

are committed to ensuring their development and wellbeing.    

 

Table 2 Total number of employees by region and gender3 

 

 

Hong Kong 

Japan 

 

Shipping  

Property4 

Property  

Hotel 

 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Permanent contract 

22 

19 

2 

3 

7 

9 

104 

46 

Temporary contract 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1 

1 

49 

82 

 

Our employees’ feedback and suggestions are important to us. We believe that the feedback will help 

us improve and grow as a leader in the shipping and hotel investment business. We aim to increase 

and strengthen our employee engagements by conducting various employee activities and to ensure 

employee satisfaction within the entire Group. 

 

Occupational health and safety 

Our clients worldwide depend on us to meet important deadlines every day. Meeting our service 

responsibilities to clients requires a deep-seated commitment to the health, safety, and well-being of 

our employees. In this section, we present our initiatives and compliance with respect to workplace 

safety and health regulations.  

 

Our commitment to employee health, safety and well-being permeates not only our culture but also 

the design of our products, processes, and supply chain. We take a whole-person management 

approach, offering a wide variety of guides, training, processes, programs, and benefits to promote 

employee health, safety and wellness. These include companywide initiatives, as well as plans and 

programs specific to the locations in which we operate.   

 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 

 

There were no major injuries to the workers across our business segments as a result of industrial 

accidents56.  Some of the minor injuries in the Property &amp; Hotel operations business segments were 

minor fracture, stab wounds, neck pains due to fall, minor abrasions and bruises. There were no 

incidents of occupational diseases and no lost-days across our business segments. There were no 

fatalities across all our operations in 2017.  Absentee rate was 0.90% and 0.56% for female and male 

workers respectively in our Shipping business at Hong Kong. In the case of Hotel &amp; Property 

operations in Japan Absentee rate was only 0.10% for male and 0.14% for female.  

 

3 We have one employee each in Taiwan and South Korea and 14 in China. We have seven employees in Singapore. Please 

refer to Annual Report p.30 for more details. Please note numbers in the Annual Report include headquarter staff as well. 

4 All full-time; 4 in Hong Kong and 1 in Guangzhou, PRC. 

5 Minor (first-aid level) injuries are excluded in the Injury Rate calculations. Injuries only which were approved as industrial 

accident are included.  

6 Workers are those whose work or workplace is controlled by the organisation, excluding employees. 








 

 

 

15 

1.31

1.14

8.06

2.49

Average training hours by employee category, 

Hotel - Japan

Head Office

Hotel General Manager

Hotel Manager &amp; Asst.Manager

 Hotel Staff

 

Training and education 

We aim to provide diverse and equal opportunities to all our employees at Uni-Asia. We do not judge 

our potential employee candidates based on their race, religion or nationality.  

 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Our training programmes are designed to provide opportunities for our staff to upgrade themselves 

and enhance their professional effectiveness, thereby improving their career prospects within the 

organisation.  Uni-Asia adopted a directors’ training policy and has an on-going budget for all 

directors to attend appropriate courses, conferences and seminars for them to stay abreast of relevant 

business developments and outlook. These include programmes run by the Singapore Institute of 

Directors or other training institutions. 

 

We also focus on conducting safety trainings and workshops for our employees. Training, coaching, 

and recognition are critical components to continuously encouraging a culture of safety. We customize 

training to meet market-specific standards and continually enhance training techniques with current 

multimedia technology. After safety-related training, employees and management recognize 

employees with exceptional safety records and encourage our people to strive for the same high 

standards. We aim to increase our average training hours in the subsequent years. We are committed 

to strengthening our internal projects on employee trainings and identifying training &amp; development 

needs and are in the process of setting targets for increasing training hours across employee 

categories.  

 

 

Overall, the average training hours in the VHM business segment across all categories and gender is 

2.81 hours. Overall, the average training hours in the HK shipping business segment across all 

categories and gender is 6.65 hours. Overall, the average training hours in property in the Japan 

(UACJ &amp; UAI) business segment across all categories and gender is 4 hours. 

 

 

 

 At Uni-Asia we aim to continuously teach a 

comprehensive 

range 

of 

workshops, 

certifying frontline managers and supervisors 

who, in turn, instruct employees in the 

specifics of each course. In our subsequent 

reports we will report data on average 

training-hours by employee category for 

Shipping 

(HK) 

and 

Property 

(Japan) 

operations as well. 

 

 

6.38

6.97

Shipping, HK

Male

Female

3.39

2.00

Hotel, Japan

Male

Female

4.00

4.00

Property, Japan

Male

Female



Figure 5 Average training hours by gender  








 

 

 

16 

Customer health and safety 

Our consumers rely on our brands for safe and quality services that they can trust. We use 

international standards to ensure the quality and safety of our services.  We believe we are able to 

effectively compete with our competitors based on our focus on our strengths and by providing our 

customers with a level of service that meets or exceeds their expectations, hence leading to repeat 

business from satisfied customers, as well as referrals from them for new business opportunities. 

 

In this section, we will reflect on the periodic assessment of the health and safety impacts of our 

products and services. At Uni-Asia, we seek to effectively identify, assess and treat all quality and 

safety related risks associated with Uni-Asia’s business activities, products and services in a 

responsible manner. 

 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 

As a producer of alternative investment opportunities and an integrated service provider relating to 

alternative investments, the Group aims to be a truly trusted partner for all our clients. Uni-Asia 

strives to deliver value to the Group’s shareholders, clients and employees. 

 

There were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period. We have not identified 

any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes with respect to health and safety 

impacts of our products and services. Within the asset management business and finance 

arrangement business, we did not identify any material instances of customer dissatisfaction. Within 

our shipping fleet, there were no known or reported cases identified of non-compliance with 

regulations.  

 








 

 

 

17 

Economic performance 

Ethics and anti-corruption  

We have zero tolerance for any financial crime including corruption and bribery. We seek to conduct 

our business in a responsible manner by ensuring that our policies and code of conduct are 

implemented and communicated to all our employees, business partners and board members 

consistently throughout our entire global operations. 

 

At Uni-Asia, the whistle-blowing policy applies to all staff including its subsidiaries and associated 

companies. In our continuing effort to improve corporate governance and to encourage open 

communication, this policy aims to provide an avenue for staff to raise concerns in good faith about 

possible misconduct, with the assurance of protection from possible retaliation or victimization. The 

whistle-blowing policy is intended to cover serious concerns that could have a material impact on the 

Group, including but not limited to actions that: 

 

(a) may lead to incorrect financial reporting; 

(b) are unlawful; 

(c) are not in-line with the Group's policy; or 

(d) otherwise amount to unethical conduct. 

 

We have a clear set of policies and code of conduct for managing corruption, bribery and fraud. We 

also conduct trainings on anti-corruption and bribery and ensure that all new hires are familiar with 

our code of conduct. 

 

Incidents of corruption and actions taken 

There have been no cases of corruption at Uni-Asia within the reporting year. However, we have to 

remain vigilant and constantly monitor our operations, instilling strong values on anti-corruption and 

bribery in all members of the Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

 

18 

GRI Standards Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page number and/or URL 

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: General 

disclosures 

Organisational profile 

 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

4 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

4 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

7 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

7 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Refer to Corporate structure 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

5 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

4 

 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

14 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Refer to Corporate structure 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Refer to Milestones 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Refer to Annual Report p.32 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Nil 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Nil 

 

Strategy 

 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

 

Ethics and integrity 

 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Refer to Annual Report p. 45 

 

Governance 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Refer to Governance 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

10 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

10 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

10 

 

Reporting practice 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to Annual Report 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

8 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

11 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N/A as this is the first 

year 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N/A as this is the first 

year 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

8 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

N/A as this is the first 

year 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

8 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

8 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

8 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

18 

 

102-56 

External assurance 

Not Applicable 








 

 

 

19 

Material Topics 

Energy management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

11 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

12 

12 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

12 

GRI 302: Energy  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

12 

Water management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

12 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

12 

GRI 303: Water  

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

12 

Environmental compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

13 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

13 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

13 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

13 

Occupational health and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

14 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

14 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

14 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

14 

Training and education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

15 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

15 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

15 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

15 

Customer health and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

16 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

16 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

16 

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety  

416-1  

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

products and service categories 

16 

Ethics and anti-corruption  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

17 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

17 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

17 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

17 

 

