
1 

 



 

UNI-ASIA GROUP LIMITED  

Company Registration No: 201701284Z 

Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

Table of Contents 

Chairman and CEO’s Message ..................................................................................................................... 3 

About Uni-Asia ............................................................................................................................................. 4 

Our services ............................................................................................................................................... 4 

Geographic presence .................................................................................................................................. 7 

About our report ........................................................................................................................................... 8 

Our approach towards Sustainability &amp; Corporate Responsibility ............................................................ 9 

Stakeholder engagement .......................................................................................................................... 9 

Materiality assessment ............................................................................................................................ 11 

Environmental performance ....................................................................................................................... 12 

Energy management ................................................................................................................................ 12 

Water management ................................................................................................................................. 16 

Social performance ...................................................................................................................................... 18 

Occupational health and safety ............................................................................................................... 19 

Training and education .......................................................................................................................... 20 

Customer health and safety .................................................................................................................... 23 

Economic performance .............................................................................................................................. 25 

Ethics and anti-corruption ..................................................................................................................... 25 

GRI Standards Content Index  ................................................................................................................... 26 

 

 

 


3 

 

Chairman and CEO’s Message  

Dear Stakeholders,  

 

On behalf of the Board and management of Uni-Asia Group Limited (“Uni-Asia” or the “Group”), I 

present our second Sustainability Report (the “Report”), which compiles our sustainability performance 

and approach towards bringing a positive change within our Group and the wider community. 

 

The Uni-Asia Board and management is committed to sustainability and fully supports the adoption of 

the new SGX sustainability reporting guidelines. The Board oversees the Group’s sustainability 

performance, practices and initiatives and its compliance with SGX guidelines on corporate governance 

and sustainability reporting. It has determined Uni-Asia’s material Environmental, Social and 

Governance topics, and exercises oversight in the management and monitoring of these topics. The 

Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategy formulation. As a listed company, Uni-Asia 

is committed to the Code of Corporate Governance of Singapore. The Code provides the framework for 

controls, checks and accountabilities and requires the Board of Directors to consider sustainability 

issues in business decisions. It is our sincere attempt to present Uni-Asia’s sustainability performance 

and management approach in a neutral and balanced manner. The contents have been defined on the 

basis of an internal materiality assessment. 

 

At Uni-Asia, we try to incorporate sustainable practices in all aspects of our operations. Our business 

can be categorised into two main business segments – Shipping and Properties &amp; Hotels operations. 

We aim to promote sustainable business practices amongst our employees, clients, partners and 

suppliers.  

 

As a company specialising in creating alternative investments opportunities and providing integrated 

services relating to shipping and property investments, we recognise that we must conduct our 

operations in a manner that considers the environmental and social impact to ensure the success and 

longevity of our business. We are committed to being transparent about our business, and this report is 

a reflection of that commitment. 

 

We will continue to improve in all aspects under sustainability through measures such as energy 

reduction schemes, adopting innovative technology and conducting regular employee engagements.  

 

We hope this Report will provide valuable insights to our stakeholders on Uni-Asia’s sustainability 

efforts. We appreciate your interest and welcome your feedback on this report. 

 

Michio Tanamoto 

Chairman and CEO 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

About Uni-Asia 

Uni-Asia specialises in creating alternative investment opportunities and providing integrated services 

relating to such investments. The Group’s alternative investment targets are mainly cargo ships and 

properties. A common trait of these investments is that they require specialised skillset to manage the 

cash flows in order for value to be created and extracted. The Group also has extensive know-how and 

network relating to such alternative investments and provides services relating these investments. By 

having a diversified portfolio of alternative investments, and capabilities to provide services pertaining 

to different alternative investment assets, the Group is less susceptible to the downside risk of a 

particular asset class and more resilient in the long run.   

 

Our services 

Uni-Asia aims to become a trusted leader in producing and providing alternative investment 

opportunities to all our clients. We produce and offer alternative investment opportunities for assets 

such as vessels and properties to our clients. We also provide integrated services relating to alternative 

asset investments including, but not limited to: 

 

(i) 

asset/ investment management; 

(ii) 

finance arrangement; 

(iii) 

sale and purchase brokerage of ships and properties; 

(iv) 

ship chartering as a ship owner; 

(v) 

ship chartering brokerage; 

(vi) 

ship technical management; 

(vii) 

project management; 

(viii) 

property development/construction management; 

(ix) 

property management and leasing arrangements; and 

(x) 

hotel operation. 

 

Uni-Asia constantly strives to improve the quality of services provided to clients, develop innovative 

products to expand client base, and strengthen its portfolio to generate recurrent returns. Uni-Asia’s 

business segments are as follow: 

 

 

Figure 1 Business Segments 




5 

 

Shipping 

The business strategy employed by the Group towards shipping is to offer a one-stop integrated ship-

related service solutions for clients. Ship investors can approach us for ship investments and investment 

related services including asset management services; ship operators can look to us for ship chartering 

and management; and ship owners can contact us for ship finance arrangement solutions, ship 

management and brokerage services. The strategy of offering a wide array of maritime related services 

is adopted to ensure the Group is resilient regardless of the market conditions and to ensure growth in 

the long term. 

 

The Group’s shipping business is organised into the following three sub-categories: 

 

Uni-Asia Shipping:  

Uni-Asia Shipping is earmarked as the Group’s ship-owning subsidiary focusing on a portfolio of small 

and medium size dry bulk carriers to provide a stable recurrent charter income base to the Group. 

Further, Uni-Asia Shipping is able to provide ship commercial management. 

 

Maritime Asset Management:  

Maritime Asset Management ("MAM") has the expertise to (i) plan and develop investment structures, 

either as standalone special purpose vehicles or shipping funds, and (ii) manage such structures as asset 

manager. 

 

Maritime Services:  

Maritime Services specialises in ship management through the Group’s subsidiaries, Uni Ships and 

Management Limited in Hong Kong as well as Wealth Ocean Ship Management Shanghai Co., Ltd, a 

ship management company based in Shanghai. 

 

For the complete ship portfolio of the Group namely Bulk Carrier and Containership, please refer our 

website1. 

 

Property &amp; Hotels 

Property Investment, Hong Kong 

The Group's property investment (excluding Japan) business is managed by Property Investment 

Department ("PID") based in Hong Kong. To date, PID has invested in Hong Kong office development 

projects and office investment in Guangzhou, China. The Head of PID also oversees the Japan 

investments, and PID acts as a bridge in connecting investors (both offshore and onshore Japan) to the 

Group's property business in Japan. The following are investments made by PID. 

 

Hong Kong Property Investments 

 

1st Hong Kong Property Project (35HTR Project): The Group’s first investment into Hong Kong 

property redevelopment project was a project at 35 Hung To Road in Kwun Tong, Kowloon 

East, Hong Kong invested in 2010 which was successfully completed in 2013.  

 

2nd Hong Kong Property Project (CSW650 Project): The Group’s second Hong Kong property 

redevelopment project is located at No. 650 Cheung Sha Wan Road in Hong Kong.  

 

3rd Hong Kong Property Project (K83 Project): The Group’s third Hong Kong property project 

is located at Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 517 at Tai Lin Pai Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, 

Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Government has since assigned the number 83 to the site and the 

address of the site is No. 83, Tai Lin Pai Road, Kwai Hing. 

 

4th Hong Kong Property Project: The Group’s fourth Hong Kong property project is located at 

18-20 Tai Chung Road, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong. 

 

1 http://www.uni-asia.com/shipping.html 


6 

 

 

5th Hong Kong Property Project: The Group’s fifth Hong Kong property project is located at 71-

75 Chai Wan Kok Street, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong.   

 

6th Hong Kong Property Project: The Group’s sixth Hong Kong property project is located at 

1016 - 1018 Tai Nam West Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong 

China Office Investment 

 

China Shine Plaza Office Units Investment: In Guangzhou, China, the Group invested in 14 

office units in China Shine Plaza with a total gross floor area of 1,320 sqm in 2007, 10 units out 

of which were disposed up to date.  

 

Property Investment, Japan 

Uni-Asia Capital (Japan) Ltd. (“UACJ”), a subsidiary of the Group, is the licensed asset management 

company of the Group, while the investment holding subsidiary is Uni-Asia Investment Ltd. UACJ has 

built up its capabilities in Japan property investment management over the years and has the expertise 

in following areas:  

 

Investment Advisory and Management: Before helping clients embark on any investments, 

UACJ will first understand clients’ risk profile and investment requirements. Thereafter, UACJ 

would source for suitable property investments that meet clients’ requirements and conduct 

comprehensive due diligence on the potential investment. UACJ is able to provide the necessary 

investment advisory, including relevant market intelligence, to help clients make sound 

investment decisions.  

 

Asset Management: UACJ is able to provide asset management services to a wide array of 

property investment products especially residence and hotel investments.  

 

Construction Management: UACJ is able to provide a full spectrum of services for properties 

during the development phase, from the selection of architects and general contractors, 

advising of architectural design, overseeing of the construction process, to leasing of properties 

upon completion of construction.  

 

Brokerage Service: With a strong network of property contacts built up over the years, UACJ is 

able to tap on this network to provide property brokerage services to clients, including sale and 

purchase brokerage services. 

 

Vista Hotel Management, Japan 

Vista Hotel Management (“VHM”) is the Group's hotel operating arm specialising in operating business 

hotels in Japan. VHM primarily operates hotels under Hotel Vista brand name as well as the premier 

Hotel Vista Premio brand, but may also operate a brand name as dictated by the owner. The rooms in 

our hotels are stylish and adopt a unique yet functional layout design including the separation of 

bathroom and washroom. Such designs are especially popular with our Japanese guests. Accordingly, 

VHM hotels received good reviews from clients on online travel websites and have many repeat guests. 

 

VHM is able to provide the following services: 

 

Hotel operations under the "Hotel Vista / Hotel Vista Premio" brand name or a brand name as 

dictated by the owner of the hotel 

 

Hotel pre-opening services, including assistance in planning of hotel layout and logistic 

advisory 

 

Hotel development advisory 

 

Hotel renovation and improvement management 

 

 


7 

 

Mission Statement 

Uni-Asia aims to be a truly trusted partner for our clients as a producer of 

alternative investment opportunities and an integrated service provider relating 

to alternative investments so as to deliver value to the Group’s shareholders, 

clients and employees. To achieve this vision, we strive to improve the quality of 

our services to our clients, develop innovative new products to expand our 

clients’ base for further growth, and strengthen our investment portfolio so as to 

generate recurrent returns. 

Geographic presence 

The Group has established a strong network across Asia. Hong Kong serves as the business 

headquarters for the Group. Uni-Asia’s office locations are listed below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




8 

 

About our report 

This report presents the annual sustainability performance of the Group for the period 1 January 2018 

to 31 December 2018. This report has been prepared in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) Standards. This report covers material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues 

that are significant to Uni-Asia’s main operating entities in Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore.  

 

Data presented in this report has been either sourced centrally from our enterprise resource planning 

system or directly from the operations included within the report boundary. The data measurement 

techniques and underlying assumptions or calculations have been duly provided in the relevant sections 

of the report. Going forward, we will use this assessment to set sustainability targets for ourselves and 

will aim to continuously monitor and improve our performance in the coming years.  

 

The GRI Standards Content Index is included at the end of the report.  The data and statements 

presented in this report have not been externally assured.  

 

For any further query/ clarification/ suggestion related to this report or Uni-Asia’s sustainability 

initiatives, please reach out to us at Uni-Asia@uni-asia.com.sg. 

 


9 

 

Our approach towards Sustainability &amp; Corporate 

Responsibility 

Our approach towards embedding sustainability aspects in organisation’s operations is based on two 

key principles: transparency and accountability. Doing what’s right is sacred to us and therefore at Uni-

Asia, integrity drives these two key principles. Integrity is fundamental to the Group. By acting with 

integrity, we reflect positively on the values and reputation of the Group in the locations we operate. 

 

Everyone in Uni-Asia must follow the law, act with integrity and honesty in all matters, and be 

accountable for our actions. We organise our operations and conduct business in a sustainable &amp; ethical 

manner and aim to offset our impact on the environment. We all want to do what is right, for ourselves 

and for the Group. Uni-Asia’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code”) is incorporated in Uni-Asia’s 

Group Policy and Procedure Manual. The Code defines how employees should conduct themselves as 

representatives of the Group. The Code addresses the employees’ responsibilities to the Company, to 

each other and towards our key stakeholders - clients, suppliers, governments and the community.  Our 

aim is to build a sustainable business and a sustainable society together with our stakeholders. 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders are defined as groups of people or entities that are directly or indirectly influenced by our 

business operations and outcomes, or that can significantly influence our businesses. Feedback from 

our key stakeholder groups forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, and is viewed as 

a valuable insight for the Group to continuously improve our sustainability performance. As such, at 

Uni-Asia, we seek to ensure that our stakeholders are at the core of our sustainability strategy. We want 

our stakeholders to provide us with their insights and perspectives, as we believe that their opinion 

enriches our business and will enable us to create long term value. We conduct open dialogues with our 

key stakeholders on regular basis to help us understand their concerns and issues. 

 

Engagements with Key Stakeholder Groups in 2018 on key topics and concerns 

We are committed to expand and report on our stakeholder engagement methods. Uni-Asia’s 

management is determined to continuously improve upon sustainability performance by further 

strengthening stakeholder engagement mechanisms. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

 

Figure 2 Stakeholder engagement mechanism 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Key 

stakeholder 



Engagement mechanism 



Clients 



•

Regular meetings with clients to discuss product &amp; 

service enhancements, and to align and customise 

based on specific customer requirements 



•

Monthly management meetings are held for business 

updates and to discuss important business matters 



Employees 



•

Regular meetings with co-investors to update on 

progress of investments &amp; returns; and for receiving 

regular feedback 



Co-investors 



•

Shareholders and investors are kept abreast of the 

Company's key developments through analysts' 

briefings and results announcements 

•

Monthly meetings and quarterly announcement to 

update on company’s financial performance 



Shareholders, 

Investors &amp; 

Lenders 


11 

 

Materiality assessment 

Materiality assessment is a critical input to our corporate sustainability reporting strategy as it ensures 

we provide our stakeholders with the sustainability information most relevant to them and our business. 

In 2018, we continue with the materiality assessment we conducted in the previous year for three 

locations, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Japan. These locations together form the reporting boundary for 

this report. Each location includes one operating entity and are considered significant locations of 

operations, as in these regions our economic, social and environmental footprint is greatest. 

 

The materiality assessment process included interviews with internal stakeholders, including 

employees and management, as well as internal workshops to identify the most important sustainability 

issues. We identified seven material topics that we believe reflect our significant economic, 

environmental and social impacts or that substantively influence the assessments and decisions of our 

stakeholders. We will continue to examine our material issues on an annual basis and will work to 

strengthen our internal sustainability data management framework, processes and procedures. 

 

Last year, Uni-Asia adopted a four-step process to define the material topics.

 

To illustrate their relative degree of importance, the material topics have been plotted on a materiality 

matrix. The seven topics in the top right quadrant represents the key material topics which are high 

significance - high impact topics. 

 

 

Identification

• An internal 

sustainability team 

shortlisted 

sustainability issues 

and topics from issues 

universe and GRI 

Standards 

respectively.

Prioritisation

• Material issues were 

grouped under the 

shortlisted GRI 

Material topics. 

Through discussion 

and analysis, the GRI 

topics were ranked in 

relation to the 

significance of their 

economic, 

environmental, social 

and governance 

impact.

Validation

• The list of ranked 

material topics was 

circulated to 

Management for 

feedback.

Review

• The sustainability 

team re-examines the 

material topics in 

relation to the 

feedback obtained to 

prepare for data 

gathering and 

reporting.







 







Importance to stakeholders 







Importance to business 







Fair labour and human 

rights 

Green buildings 

GHG emissions 

Responsible procurement 







Training &amp; development 

Product quality &amp; safety 

Diversity &amp; inclusion 

Innovation 

Biodiversity 

 







Our key Material Topics 

1.

Energy management 

2.

Water  management 

3.

Environmental compliance 

4.

Occupational health and safety 

5.

Training and education 

6.

Customer health and safety  

7.

Ethics and anti-corruption 







Ship recycling 

Waste management 

Spills  

Ballast water management 

Figure 3 Materiality Matrix 


12 

 

Environmental performance  

Energy management 

The shipping and property &amp; hotel industries are large consumers of energy and resources as well as 

contributors to the Greenhouse Gasses (“GHG”) emissions. At Uni-Asia we understand our 

responsibility towards environment. We are taking steps to reduce environmental impacts of our 

operations and simultaneously protect and preserve the natural environment.  

 

When measured by weight, maritime transport is generally seen as one of the most environmentally 

friendly transportation methods. This is because ships move large volumes of goods, which means that 

emissions are low when distributed per unit weight. However, any amount of emissions from shipping 

are significant in any statistics and detrimental to the environment at all cost. Besides emissions, ships 

also produce other sources of pollution and the most significant pollution that brings international 

attention is oil pollution caused by collision or grounding incident. 

 

As the owner of more than 20 vessels, we do strive to select users who carry environment-friendly 

cargoes.  The Group is taking all necessary measures to reduce risks of pollution caused by incidents as 

well as to reduce the operational pollution and emissions. We keep updating ourselves with the 

international and regional conventions and regulations regarding environmental protection and our 

operation is in strict conformity with the international standards and regional rules in specific 

operational waters. 

 

During the year, the company has made numerous measures in regard to environmental protection 

which comprise mainly on prevention of oil spill pollution, prevention of operational pollution and 

prevention of air pollution. These efforts are elaborated below. 

 

Prevention of Oil Spill Pollution 

Historically, anti-pollution legislation has been directed towards pollution caused by the escape of oil 

carried as cargo. The vessels operated by Uni-Asia Group are bulk carriers and container ships, we do 

not own or operate any tankers. Even though we are Non-tanker Owners, there still remain risks of oil 

pollution caused by the collision with tankers or escape of bunker oil in either collision or grounding 

incident. Wealth Ocean Ship Management Shanghai (“WOSMS”) Co Ltd as a ship management 

company under the Group, takes the following measures to prevent oil pollution: 

1) Preventive education to onboard deck officers about safe navigation in accordance with Convention 

on the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972 (“COLREGs”) to prevent 

collision incident, for example, to maintain proper look-out through the voyage, to operate at safe 

speed, to obey traffic separation scheme, to take actions to avoid collision by ‘giving way’, to be 

especially cautious when conducting vessels in restricted visibility, etc.  

2) Education and instructions given to onboard deck officers in preventing grounding incident. 

3) Training given to deck officers about the use of Electronic Chart Display and Information System 

(“ECDIS”). 

4) Periodical inspection of vessels about the navigation equipment and speed log. 

5) Implementation of the oil spill contingency plan.  

6) Periodical drills to be conducted by both onboard Crew and Ship Manager in oil spill response, 

including the notification to underwriters, Protection and Indemnity Insurance (“P&amp;I”) Club and 

following salvage services to be arranged. 

7) Compulsory liability insurance certificates carried onboard in accordance with International 

Bunker Convention and US OPA 90. 

 

 

 


13 

 

Prevention of Operational Pollution 

In more recent years, international attention has also been given to other forms of pollution other than 

oil pollution, for example, hazardous and noxious substances such as chemical and other volatile 

products as well as garbage, sewage and other wastes.  

The International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”) is the main 

international convention covering prevention of pollution of the marine environment by ships from 

operational or accidental causes. It provides detailed regulations aimed at preventing or minimising 

pollution from the operation of ships.  

WOSMS is managing and operating vessels in strict conformity with MARPOL regulations, we pay 

special attention to the installation and maintenance of oily water separating equipment and filter 

system, sewage treatment and discharge, garbage disposal and various operational matters that put 

concern on the environment absolutely. 

 

Prevention of Air Pollution 

According to MARPOL Annex VI (Regulations for the Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships) regulation 

14, ships trading in designated emission control areas (“ECAs”) will have to use on board fuel oil with 

Sulphur content of no more than 0.10% from 1 January 2015 and to use fuel oil with Sulphur content of 

no more than 0.5% globally from 1 January 2020.  

Table 1: Fuel Oil Sulphur Limits 

 

GLOBAL 

ECA 

Initial limits 

4.5% 

1.5% 

1 July 2010 

4.5% 

1.0% 

1 January 2012 

3.5% 

1.0% 

1 January 2015 

3.5% 

0.1% 

1 January 2020 

0.5% 

0.1% 

 

WOSMS is taking below measures in responding to the regulations: 

1) Close monitoring of vessel’s movement and mandatory instruction to onboard Master to change 

into low-Sulphur fuel that abides to the requirements of MARPOL and other regional rules before 

entering into ECAs. Generally, it is the Charterer’s task and responsibility on ensuring the fuel 

choice and replenishment is in accordance to MARPOL requirements. The Ship Manager 

responsibility is to follow the regulation while maneuvering the ship. 

2) Studying the possibility of installing an exhaust gas cleaning after-treatment system or scrubbers 

as these items are more typically known to respond to the global Sulphur limit regulation which will 

be effective from 1 Jan 2020 onwards. 

As a result of these measures and efforts in place, our shipping business are accredited with the 

following certificates to-date: 

• 

International Air Pollution Prevention (IAPP) 

• 

International Oil Pollution Prevention (IOPP) 

• 

International Engine Efficiency (IEE) 

• 

International Sewage Pollution Prevention (ISPP) 

• 

International Anti-Fouling (IAF) System 

• 

Nitrogen Oxide Compliance 

Energy conservation is important to us. Across all of our locations, including our offices, we use a variety 

of environmental friendly measures such as using more energy efficient technology, using high-

efficiency heating &amp; cooling systems and regularly identify ways to reduce our overall energy 

consumption.  


14 

 

 

Uni-Asia actively communicates to its workforce the significance of energy conservation. The Group 

fervently monitors operations to locate sources of high energy consumption and seeks to improve with 

regards to its environmental performance. These not only help the Group manage cost but ensure 

optimal performance of operations without the compromise of standards. Identified areas of high 

energy use are then assessed and amended to improve energy efficiency  and 

reduce 

unnecessary 

energy consumption where possible. We will continue to further strengthen our data collection process 

with respect to energy consumption and will be reporting our performance more comprehensively in 

the subsequent years.  

 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

 

Figure 4 Energy consumption (million mega joules) 

 

 

 

Table 2 Energy consumption (million mega joules) by fuel type and business region 

 

Property 

(UACJ+UAI) - Japan 

Hotel (VHM) - 

Japan 

 

FY2018 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2017 

Natural 

Gas 

0.92 

0.45 

33 

23 

Oil 

60.59 

55.28 

- 

- 

Electricity 

0.38 

0.22 

38 

28 

Steam 

- 

- 

6 

1 

Total  

61.9 

55.9 

77 

52 

 

The significant increase in energy consumption in VHM business segment is attributable to five new 

hotels operating this year. The new hotels are Hotel Vista Sapporo Odori, Hotel Vista Premio Tokyo 

Akasaka, Hotel Vista Kanazawa, Hotel Vista Premio Kyoto Nagomitei and Hotel Vista Hiroshima. The 

significant increase in energy consumption in (UACJ+UAI) business segment is mainly attributable to 

a shipping entity under UAI. Although UAI is classified under property business segment, one Japan-

flagged ship is held by an entity under UAI. There is an increased voyage distance of this ship held by 

the entity under UAI due to bad weather such as typhoon during the year, resulting in more fuel intake 

by the ship and hence the overall increase in energy consumption. Training on disaster management 

and climate resilience was planned in 2018 and employees are expected to complete the training by 

2019. Both Hong Kong property and shipping segment presently do not generate significant impact to 

the environment, hence the data is not being tracked and reported. 

 

We plan to put in place our energy policy for hotels operations and to report on energy intensity for our 

hotel operations in subsequent years. 

62 

77 

56 

53 

 -

 10

 20

 30

 40

 50

 60

 70

 80

 90

Property (UACJ+UAI) -

Japan

Hotel (VHM) - Japan

FY2018

FY2017


15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Based on internal analysis, we noted that over a span of around 3,862 days, the amount of fuel 

consumed by twenty of our vessels, at an average eco-speed of around 110 days is 105,889 metric 

tonnes of High Sulphur Fuel Oil (HSFO) and 7,059 metric tonnes of Low Sulphur Marine Gas Oil 

(LSMGO) in 2018. 

This explains the increase from prior year which was over a span of around 2,700 days for amount of 

fuel consumed by fifteen of our vessels, at an average eco-speed of around 120 days recorded at 

64,202 metric tonnes of High Sulphur Fuel Oil (HSFO) and 4,995 metric tonnes of Low Sulphur 

Marine Gas Oil (LSMGO) in 2017. 

 

4,280 

333 

64,202 

4,995 

5,056 

337 

105,889 

7,059 

 -

 20,000

 40,000

 60,000

 80,000

 100,000

 120,000

HSFO

LSMGO

HSFO

LSMGO

Average per vessel Total consumption

FY2018

FY2017

Figure 5 Fuel Consumption (metric tonnes), Shipping, Hong Kong 


16 

 

Water management  

Water Withdrawal by Source 

Water management is an important topic at Uni-Asia and we understand the growing concerns 

worldwide on water scarcity. Concerted efforts have been put in place for many of our properties in 

order to manage our water use. It is important for us to take a strategic approach in implementing 

effective water management and to minimise water consumption. Water conservation initiatives are 

championed by all our employees and our workers are always notified to conserve water to the extent 

possible. We continually look for ways to reduce water consumption or preserve its quality. 

 

The Group strives to continuously improve its current water conservation initiatives. As such, planning 

and discussions are currently in progress to find innovative ways to bring in water efficiency in our 

operations. At hotel (VHM), around 259,856 m3 of water from municipal supplies or other public or 

private water utilities was consumed during the reporting period. In the case of shipping (HK), surface 

water is used for operations. Vessels used (i) ballast water from sea water, (ii) water for cleaning, 

washing, shower etc. from sea water and (iii) drinking water was purchased at port.  

 

Figure 6 Water withdrawal (cubic metres) 

 

 

 

As VHM segment has expanded in operation during the year with five new hotels, which explains the 

significant increase in water consumption from prior year. The other business segments presently do 

not generate significant impact to the environment, hence the data is not being tracked and reported. 

 

Eco-friendly measures are in place in some of our hotels (for example, while unrelated to water 

management, in our new hotels in Japan we are currently using re-usable hotel slippers which are more 

environmental friendly). Further efforts have been made to create awareness amongst customers on 

resource conservation by encouraging them to assist hotel in water conservation measures example - 

prudent replacements of bedsheets and towels. We aim to reduce and report on water intensity in 

subsequent years (based on number of hotel rooms). 

 

Ballast Water Management 

With regards to the Group’s shipping industry specifically in Hong Kong, the Group is aware of the 

implication of the ballast water process which involves loading and unloading untreated ballast water 

which in turn poses a major threat to the environment, public health and the economy. This is due to 

the fact that ships become a vector for the transfer of organisms between ecosystems from one part of 

the world to another. Therefore the Group has enforce the Ballast Water Convention for the Group’s 

shipping business segment which requires each ship to follow a pre-approved Ballast Water 

Management Plan specific to that ship to treat and manage ballast water and sediment. 

259,856 

174,796 

 -

 50,000

 100,000

 150,000

 200,000

 250,000

 300,000

Hotel (VHM) - Japan

FY2018

FY2017


17 

 

 

All of the vessels operating by us are carrying a ballast water record book and are accredited with the 

International Ballast Water Management Certificate. Furthermore, WOSMS as ship manager has also 

implemented necessary training for the Crew on-board to carry out ballast water management 

procedures to a given standard in accordance with IMO regulations and some regional rules in operating 

waters. As of 2018, 14 out of 16 which constitute 68.8% of our operating vessels have already been 

equipped with US Coast Guard (“USCG”) type approved Ballast Water Treatment System (“BWTS”) 

equipment. We plan to install the BWTS equipment on the remaining vessels within next 2-3 years 

during vessel's dry-docking in the shipyard, i.e. 100% completion by 2022.   

 

We will also continue to further strengthen our data collection process with respect to water 

consumption data and will be reporting our performance more comprehensively in the subsequent 

years. 

 

Environmental compliance 

At Uni-Asia, we fully support all governmental laws and regulations on the environment. We aim to 

ensure compliance with all environmental laws and regulations. During 2018, there were no non-

compliance with environmental laws and regulations. We aim to improve our environmental 

compliance related processes and procedures going forward so as to maintain zero incidents of non-

compliance with applicable environmental laws and/or regulations. 

 


18 

 

Social performance 

Human capital is a critical element of the Group’s business model. We value our employees as they are 

the core of our operations. Uni-Asia emphasises the career development, welfare, health and safety of 

each employee. Due to our diverse operations, we hire a wide range of highly skilled employees. We 

value the diverse experiences and expertise contributed by our employees.  The hire rate across the 

Group, has grown in the past year. Currently we have over 400 employees across Asia locations, and are 

committed to ensuring their development and wellbeing. The overall increase in employee headcounts 

is attributed to the five new hotels operating this year under Vista Hotel Management (VHM) business 

unit as illustrated below. 

 

Figure 7 Total no. of employee by employment type 

 

 

Figure 8 Total no. of employee by business region and by gender 

 

 

Our employees’ feedback and suggestions are important to us. We believe that the feedback will help us 

improve and grow as a leader in the shipping, and property and hotel operations business. We aim to 

increase and strengthen our employee engagements by conducting various employee activities and to 

ensure employee satisfaction within the entire Group. 

 

246

162

212

133

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

Permanent contract

Temporary contract

FY2018

FY2017

20

19

2

3

7

9

192

156

22

19

2

3

8

10

153

128

0

50

100

150

200

250

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Shipping-HK

Property-HK

Property

(UACJ+UAI) -

Japan

Hotel (VHM) -

Japan

FY2018

FY2017


19 

 

Occupational health and safety 

Our clients worldwide depend on us to meet important deadlines every day. Meeting our service 

responsibilities to clients requires a deep-seated commitment to the health, safety, and well-being of 

our employees. In this section, we present our initiatives and compliance with respect to workplace 

safety and health regulations.  

 

Our commitment to employee health, safety and well-being permeates not only our culture but also the 

design of our products, processes, and supply chain. We take a whole-person management approach, 

offering a wide variety of guides, training, processes, programs, and benefits to promote employee 

health, safety and wellness. These include companywide initiatives, as well as plans and programs 

specific to the locations in which we operate.   

 

We are conforming to all relevant safety regulations for our respective business entities such as for 

shipping there is a crew member assigned as Health and Safety (“H&amp;S”) Officer on-board who is 

responsible for safety measures in line with standard ship safety procedures. 

 

For Hotel business in Japan, Uni-Asia has a designated Health and Safety Promoter at each hotel in 

accordance with the Industrial Safety and Health Act in Japan which require every Group’s hotel to 

appoint a Health and Safety Promoter. Such Health and Safety Promoters have completed a training 

course provided by a person/organization designated by the Director of the Prefectural Labour Bureau.  

VHM Headquarter manages health and safety parameters across the hotel business operation. 

 

Types of injury and rates of injury 

This year reported injury rate for male and female in Vista Hotel Management (“VHM”) business unit 

are 0.5 work related injuries rate and 0.7 work related injuries rate deriving from 1 male and 1 female 

employee respectively. There is no injury incidents in the other business units during the year. The 

nature of injury reported were of minor fracture, minor abrasions and bruises. There were no major 

injuries to the workers across our business segments as a result of industrial accidents23. We take up all 

necessary preventive measures and corrective actions to avoid any injuries to our employees. At Uni-

Asia, we aim to ensure no cases of injuries occur in any of our operations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 Minor (first-aid level) injuries are excluded in the Injury Rate calculations. Injuries only which were approved as industrial 

accident are included.  

3 Workers are those whose work or workplace is controlled by the organisation, excluding employees. 


20 

 

Training and education 

We aim to provide diverse and equal opportunities to all our employees at Uni-Asia. We do not judge 

our potential employee candidates based on their race, religion or nationality.  

 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Our training programmes are designed to provide opportunities for our staff to upgrade themselves and 

enhance their professional effectiveness, thereby improving their career prospects within the 

organisation.  Uni-Asia adopted a directors’ training policy and has an on-going budget for all directors 

to attend appropriate courses, conferences and seminars for them to stay abreast of relevant business 

developments and outlook. These include programmes run by the Singapore Institute of Directors or 

other training institutions. 

 

We also focus on conducting safety trainings and workshops for our employees. Training, coaching, and 

recognition are critical components to continuously encouraging a culture of safety. We customize 

trainings to meet market-specific standards. Additionally, we continually enhance training techniques 

with current multimedia technology. After safety-related training, employees and management 

recognize employees with exceptional safety records and encourage our people to strive for the same 

high standards. We aim to increase our average training hours in the subsequent years. We are 

committed to strengthening our internal projects on employee trainings and identifying training &amp; 

development needs and are in the process of setting targets for increasing training hours across 

employee categories.  

 

Figure 9  Average training hours per year per employee by business unit 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5.0 

2.2 

6.9 

4.0 

1.8 

6.7 

 -

 1.0

 2.0

 3.0

 4.0

 5.0

 6.0

 7.0

 8.0

Property

(UACJ+UAI) -

Japan

Hotel (VHM) -

Japan

Property - HK

Shipping - HK

FY2018

FY2017


21 

 

Figure 10 Average training hours per year per employee by business unit and gender  

 

 

Overall there is an increase in training hours across all business segments. For Vista Hotel Management 

(“VHM”) business unit, this is attributed by the increase in training session for hotel employees from 

two training sessions last year to at least three training sessions this year. Below mentioned are the key 

training programmes conducted during the year in VHM Japan: 

i. 

Hotel Manual Training 

ii. 

Revenue Management Training 

iii. 

Customer Satisfaction Training  

iv. 

Hotel Service Training 

 

There is a restatement on prior year 2017 figure for VHM from 2.8 reported last year to corrected figure 

of 1.8 this year as presented in the bar chart above. Figures below are restated after an internal 

verification exercise: 2017 Hotel (VHM) Japan Average training hours per year per employee: 2.8 hours 

(erroneous), 1.8 hours (restated). 

 

Similarly, there is also an increase in the number of training conducted during the year for the Group’s 

UACJ Japan business segment. The types of training programmes that took place during the year for 

UACJ entity are as follows: 

i. 

Training workshop on the current renewable energy business in Japan and our future 

involvement  

ii. 

Training on UACJ’s policy 

iii. 

Introduction of new law on personal information protection  

iv. 

Legal and business issue related to evacuation and cancellation of lease agreement for housing 

v. 

Training on compliance issues 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5.00 

4.00 

5.00 

4.00 

2.63 

2.57 

1.61 

0.73 

6.58 

6.38 

7.29 

6.97 

 -

 2.00

 4.00

 6.00

 8.00

FY2018

FY2017

FY2018

FY2017

Male

Female

Shipping - HK

Hotel (VHM) - Japan

Property (UACJ+UAI) - Japan


22 

 

Figure 11 Average training hours per year per employee by employee category for Hotel (VHM) Japan 

 

 

 

 

Overall, there is an increase in training hours across all employment category in VHM business segment 

except for Head Office Officer whereby there is less training allocated during the year due to tighter 

work schedule compared to last year. There is a restatement on prior year 2017 figure for VHM as 

mentioned above, hence presented below the reported figures last year and corrected figures restated 

this year by employment category respectively.  

 

Table 3 Restatement on FY2017 Average training hours per year per employee by employee category for Hotel 

(VHM) Japan 

Employee category 

FY2017 corrected 

(restated) 

FY2017 reported 

(erroneous) 

VHM Head Office officer 

1.28 

1.31 

Hotel GM 

1.35 

1.14 

Hotel staff / Manager or 

Assistant Manager 

6.61 

8.06 

 Hotel staff: others 

1.29 

2.49 

 

At Uni-Asia we aim to continuously conduct comprehensive range of workshops, certifying frontline 

managers and supervisors who, in turn, instruct employees in the specifics of each course. Besides that, 

we aim that by 2019, all employees will complete the training on disaster management and climate 

resilience that was in planning progress during the year. In our subsequent reports we will report data 

on average training-hours by employee category for Shipping (HK) and Property (Japan) operations as 

well. 

 

 

 

 

0.57 

1.28 

3.53 

1.35 

7.89 

6.61 

1.71 

1.29 

 -

 2.00

 4.00

 6.00

 8.00

 10.00

FY2018

FY2017

 Hotel staff: others

Hotel staff / Manager or

Assistant Manager

Hotel GM

VHM Head Office officer


23 

 

Customer health and safety 

Our consumers rely on our brands for safe and quality services that they can trust. We use international 

standards to ensure the quality and safety of our services.  We believe we are able to effectively compete 

with our competitors based on our focus on our strengths and by providing our customers with a level 

of service that meets or exceeds their expectations, hence leading to repeat business from satisfied 

customers, as well as referrals from them for new business opportunities. 

 

In this section, we will reflect on the periodic assessment of the health and safety impacts of our 

products and services. At Uni-Asia, we seek to effectively identify, assess and treat all quality and safety 

related risks associated with Uni-Asia’s business activities, products and services in a responsible 

manner. 

 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 

As a producer of alternative investment opportunities and an integrated service provider relating to 

alternative investments, the Group aims to be a truly trusted partner for all our clients. Uni-Asia strives 

to deliver value to the Group’s shareholders, clients and employees. 

 

There were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period. We have not identified 

any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes with respect to health and safety impacts 

of our products and services. Within the asset management business and finance arrangement business, 

we did not identify any material instances of customer dissatisfaction. Within our shipping fleet, there 

were no known or reported cases identified of non-compliance with regulations.  

 

Awards and Achievements 

During the year, the company’s UACJ property business segment in Japan was granted an award by 

Shinjuku-ward, Tokyo Metropolis for its contribution to creating the exquisite city landscape of Tokyo 

through its excellent design for the developed ALERO Takadanobaba project. Winning the award proves 

the quality of the Group’s property development as well as its continuous contribution to the society 

that the Group belongs to.  

 

 

 

 

 

Certificate and award for ALERO Takadanobaba project: 

 

 

 

 

 

 






24 

 

 

In regards to the Group’s VHM hotel business segment in Japan, the Group was voted first under two 

categories of 2017 Hotel Chain Ranking Award organised by “Jalan.net”, one of the largest online hotels 

and ryokans booking site in Japan. The Group’s VHM was voted first for two categories: 

i. 

“Business Travel – Less Than JPY15,000 Per Night” Category 

ii. 

“Family Travel – Less Than JPY15,000 Per Night” Category 

 

We aim to continue to strive for the hotel customer satisfaction award annually. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 


25 

 

Economic performance 

Ethics and anti-corruption  

We have zero tolerance for any financial crime including corruption and bribery. We seek to conduct 

our business in a responsible manner by ensuring that our policies and code of conduct are implemented 

and communicated to all our employees, business partners and board members consistently throughout 

our entire global operations. 

 

At Uni-Asia, the whistle-blowing policy applies to all staff including its subsidiaries and associated 

companies. In our continuing effort to improve corporate governance and to encourage open 

communication, this policy aims to provide an avenue for staff to raise concerns in good faith about 

possible misconduct, with the assurance of protection from possible retaliation or victimisation. The 

whistle-blowing policy is intended to cover serious concerns that could have a material impact on the 

Group, including but not limited to actions that: 

 

(a) may lead to incorrect financial reporting; 

(b) are unlawful; 

(c) are not in-line with the Group's policy; or 

(d) otherwise amount to unethical conduct. 

 

We have a clear set of policies and code of conduct for managing corruption, bribery and fraud. We also 

conduct trainings on anti-corruption and bribery and ensure that all new hires are familiar with our 

code of conduct. 

 

Incidents of corruption and actions taken 

There have been no cases of corruption at Uni-Asia within the reporting year. The Groups’ initiative in 

this aspect is more stringent and prevalent in the Groups’ property asset management entity UACJ in 

Japan. The Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) and Counter Financing Terrorism (“CFT”) guideline 

issued in February 2018 in Japan, requires all related financial institutions to comply with the guideline. 

As UACJ’s nature of business as an asset manager constitute as a financial institution, we comply strictly 

with the guideline and have strengthened our internal controls to be in conformance. We have checklist 

and policies in place to ensure compliance with regulations. We also aim to conduct training session for 

all relevant staffs in 2019. 

 

We aim at all times to remain vigilant and constantly monitor our operations, instilling strong values 

on anti-corruption and bribery in all members of the Group. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


26 

 

GRI Standards Content Index  

GRI Content Index 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page number and/or URL 

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: General 

disclosures 

Organisational profile 

 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

4 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

4 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

7 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

7 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Refer to Corporate structure 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

5 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

4 

 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

18 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Refer to Corporate structure 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Refer to Milestones 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Refer to Annual Report p.32 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Nil 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Nil 

 

Strategy 

 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

 

Ethics and integrity 

 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Refer to Annual Report p. 45 

 

Governance 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Refer to Governance 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

10 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

10 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

10 

 

Reporting practice 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to Annual Report 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

8 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

11 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

22 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Nil 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

8 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

31 December 2018 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

8 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

8 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

8 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

26 - 27 

 

102-56 

External assurance 

Not Applicable 

 

 

 

 

 


27 

 

Material Topics 

Energy management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

12 – 14 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

12 – 14 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

12 – 14 

GRI 302: Energy  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

14 – 15 

Water management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

16 – 17 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

16 – 17 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

16 – 17 

GRI 303: Water  

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

16 

Environmental compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

17 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

17 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

17 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

17 

Occupational health and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

19 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

19 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

19 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

19 

Training and education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

20 – 22 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

20 – 22 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

20 – 22 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

20 - 22 

Customer health and safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

23 – 24 

 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

23 – 24 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

23 – 24 

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety  

416-1  

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

products and service categories 

23 – 24 

Ethics and anti-corruption  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

25 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

25 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

25 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

25 

 

