
Sustain

report

ability









2018


CONTENTS

CORPORATE PROFILE 

1

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

2

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

4

BOARD STATEMENT 

5

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

5

STAKEHOLDERS 

6

CAPITAL 

7

CORPORATE 

7

COMMUNITY 

9


1

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Union Steel Holdings Limited (“Union Steel” 

or the “Group”) is a multi-business investment 

holding 

company, 

with 

three 

primary 

business drivers - construction, recycling, and 

engineering. The Group started its operations 

in 1984 as YLS Steel Pte Ltd, which was 

involved in the trading of ferrous scrap metal 

and in 1991 started distributing construction 

steel through Union Steel Pte Ltd. 

Leveraging over 30 years of experience 

and a global network of suppliers and 

clients, we have since expanded into several 

complementary business areas which tap on 

the Group’s expertise in steel products and 

deep knowledge of the construction sector. 

The 

Group 

first 

ventured 

outside 

the 

metallurgical 

industry 

when 

it 

added 

scaffolding to its product range in 2012. We 

further expanded our products and services in 

2015 to include mechanical engineering and 

in 2016, we completed our expansion plans 

with the addition of land transport engineering 

services and marine deck equipment to our 

portfolio. 

With its diverse but complementary business 

holdings, Union Steel is well-positioned for 

the next chapter in its history and continues 

to innovate and adapt to the changing times. 

Given its long history in steel trading and 

recycling, the Group’s operations are guided by 

socially responsible practices, to ensure the 

safeguarding of precious natural resources 

whilst striving to achieve sustainable financial 

returns.

Union Steel Holdings Limited was listed on the 

SGX-ST Mainboard on 15 August 2005.

CORPORATE PROFILE

With its diverse but complementary business 

holdings, Union Steel is well-positioned for the next 

chapter in its history and continues to innovate and adapt 

to the changing times.


2

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

METAL RECYCLING

TRADING

STEEL LEASING

The Group operates a one-stop metal recycling centre from 3 

facilities across Singapore through YLS Steel Pte Ltd. We collect 

and process metal scrap before exporting to smelters. Our refined 

and comprehensive processes have been set in place to achieve the 

cleanest grade of metal scrap for the next stages of the recycling 

process chain. 

With more than 30 years of experience, we have grown to become 

one of the largest metal recycling companies in Singapore.

The Group distributes steel products to the construction and 

engineering industries through Union Steel Pte Ltd. We offer a wide 

range of steel products such as reinforcement steel bars, H-beams, 

I-beams, pipes, steel plates, sheet piles and wire rods. 

We are committed to providing the highest level of customer service 

by having ready stock, prompt delivery and quality assurance.

The Group offers steel leasing solutions to the construction industry 

through YLS Steel Pte Ltd. We have an extensive inventory of steel 

sheet piles, mild steel plates, steel test piles and steel beams 

available for short and long-term requirements. 

Our leasing solutions are cost and space efficient and can be applied 

at all phases throughout a construction project.

Metallurgical

YLS STEEL PTE LTD

Construction

YLS STEEL PTE LTD

Construction

UNION STEEL PTE LTD

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

01

02

03

SCAFFOLDING

The Group offers scaffolding services and related consultancy 

through Hock Ann Metal Scaffolding Pte Ltd. We specialise in 

scaffolding services and related consultancy, sales and rental of 

scaffolding materials and the supply of skilled workers for erection 

and dismantling of scaffolds. 

We have established ourselves as the provider of choice in the 

local scaffolding industry, our expertise is built on our experience, 

industry knowledge as well as safety awareness in scaffolding.

Construction

HOCK ANN METAL SCA-

FFOLDING PTE LTD

04


3

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

MECHANICAL 

ENGINEERING

MARINE DECK 

EQUIPMENT

LAND TRANSPORT 

ENGINEERING

The Group provides custom vehicular and equipment engineering 

and fabrication services through Gee Sheng Machinery and 

Engineering Pte Ltd. 

As one of Singapore’s largest customized machinery and engineering 

companies, we offer top-quality products, workmanship and provide 

continual support services from the initial design phase to project 

completion. 

The Group supplies custom marine deck equipment to the 

marine, offshore, oil and gas industries through our design and 

manufacturing team at Transvictory Winch System Pte Ltd. As one 

of the largest stockists in Asia, we offer immediate solutions to all 

winching and lifting applications. 

Over the years we have gained extensive experience not only in 

winching and lifting systems but also in marine deck equipment and 

related services. Apart from supplying, we also provide short and 

long-term leases of our deck equipment including winches, cranes 

and HPUs.

The Group provides land transport load handling engineering 

solutions through Megafab Engineering Pte Ltd. As the sole 

distributor in Singapore for EFFER, ZEPRO and GEESINKNORBA 

products, we offer a comprehensive range of specialized load 

handling equipment and components including truck-mounted 

cranes, tailgate systems and waste compactors. 

We are also an accredited SAC inspection centre for hook lifts, 

compactors and truck-mounted cranes and offer certification and 

general maintenance services for load handling equipment.

Engineering

GEE SHENG MACHINERY &amp; 

ENGINEERING PTE LTD

Land Transport

MEGAFAB ENGINEERING 

PTE LTD

Marine

TRANSVICTORY WINCH 

SYSTEM PTE LTD

BUSINESS  OVERVIEW

05

06

07


4

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Union Steel Holdings is proud to present its first sustainability report. This 

report outlines the Group’s efforts in integrating long term best practices 

into its operations, management and policies.  We are committed to these 

holistic policies given our background in metal recycling, which defines our 

goals and responsibilities towards improving the environment. With the 

continued support of all our stakeholders, we are empowered to continue 

making strides in our sustainability journey. 

The purpose of this report is to build on previous disclosures that focused 

mainly on corporate social responsibility (CSR). We convened a team 

and conducted reviews to establish a sustainability reporting framework 

centred around our stakeholders. We recognise that broader disclosures 

allow our stakeholders a better understanding of Union Steel’s role as a 

business partner and a member of the global resource supply chain. With 

regard to the capital markets and regulatory environment, our goal is that 

these disclosures will allow the investment community to make better 

informed decisions.

We have taken reference from the internationally recognised Global 

Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards ( the “GRI Standards”) 

in our reporting approach. While this inaugural report is not fully compliant 

with GRI Standards, we have identified the key areas where our disclosures 

and approaches need improvement. We are working towards the goal of 

having a report that complies with GRI Standards in the coming years.

Feedback on this report or our practices is welcome. Please direct all 

correspondences to corporate@unionsteel.com.sg.

We recognise that 

broader disclosures 

allow our stakeholders 

a better understanding 

of Union Steel’s role as a 

business partner and a 

member of the global re-

source supply chain.

ABOUT THIS REPORT


5

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

The board of directors (the “Board”) of Union Steel recognises the 

importance and the need for all levels within the organisation to be aware 

of sustainable practices.

The Board works closely with the management team of Union Steel to:

i. 

identify the key concerns of various stakeholders relating to the environmental, 

social and governance impacts (“ESG factors”) of our operations;

ii. 

consider these concerns in strategy and policy formulation; and

iii. 

monitor the Group’s performance in addressing these material ESG factors.

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

The Board and management team of Union Steel have placed focus on two 

key issues that contributes to the Group’s long-term viability. These are:

i. 

BUSINESS STRATEGY

Union Steel began diversifying in 2011 to adapt to turbulant markets. The 

acquisitions made in subsequent years have broadened our portfolio, and 

strengthened our value proposition in engineering and manufacturing. In time, 

we hope to leverage this to gain access to new customers and markets.

ii. 

LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS 

Our various stakeholders are key to our business operations and long-term 

viability. We strive for open communication with all our stakeholders, to maintain 

close relationships and ensure that their concerns are addressed.

BOARD STATEMENT


6

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

STAKEHOLDERS

REPORTING 

AREA

STAKEHOLDER

KEY CONCERNS*

MODES OF ENGAGEMENT

OUR MATERIAL 

FACTORS

Capital

Shareholders &amp; 

investors

1. Capital appreciation on 

investment

2. Profitability

3. Information transparency

4. Investor relations

5. Corporate governance

• Quarterly &amp; yearly result 

announcements

• AGM &amp; EGM

• SGX announcements &amp; press 

releases

• Annual reports

• Website updates

• Investor mailbox 

Quality and timely 

disclosures, 

management 

strategies, financial 

stewardship &amp; 

prudence

Corporate

Customers

1. Quality control

2. Competitive pricing

3. On time delivery

4. After-sales services

• Customer feedbacks

• Market research reports

• Meetings

• Regular sales calls

Product and service 

quality

Suppliers

1. Ability to meet required 

specifications for products &amp; 

services

2. Ethical business practices

3. Fair terms &amp; conditions and 

timely payment

• Supplier reviews and evaluations 

• Project meetings

• Telecommunications

• Site visits

Fair dealing, ethical 

supply chain 

management

Employees

1. Career growth &amp; opportunities

2. Safe working environment

3. Employee welfare &amp; benefits

4. Performance appraisals

• Performance appraisals

• Trainings &amp; orientation

• Email announcements

• Safety briefings

Employment 

practices, workplace 

health &amp; safety 

implementation

Community

Public &amp; 

community

1. Community support

2. Environmentally friendly 

operations

• Donations

• Regular compliance reviews

• Sustainability reporting

Community 

engagement, 

environmental 

responsibility

*Key concerns of each stakeholder group have been ranked in order of priority.

Union Steel had identified its key stakeholder groups 

in previous disclosures as follows:

• 

Shareholders &amp; investors

• 

Customers

• 

Suppliers

• 

Employees

• 

Public &amp; community

Stakeholder engagement is conducted through various 

channels including announcements and updates, two-way 

dialogues, visits and follow-up meetings. This report 

was prepared by a team of representatives from 

various 

departments including corporate finance, 

human resources, marketing, sales, procurement, and 

operations. The team did a comprehensive analysis and 

consulted with other relevant personnel where required, 

to distil and rank the key concerns of each stakeholder 

group. 

Our reporting on material factors is centred around these 

key stakeholder groups and their concerns. Accordingly, 

the remainder of this report will be divided into three 

main areas: Capital, Corporate, and Community.


7

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

CAPITAL

Union Steel Holdings Ltd has been listed on the SGX-ST 

Mainboard since 2005. As a publicly listed company, we are 

cognizant of our shareholders’ expectations for us to generate 

financial returns. We are committed to upholding the timely 

disclosures of the Group’s financial results, to help investors 

understand our position, strategies and outlook.

For the year ended 30 June 2018, Union Steel reported $1.0m 

net profit attributable to equity holders, amid challenging 

operating conditions. Our management had strived to 

maintain the balance between financial prudence and 

investment to ensure that the Group remains competitive. We 

have invested selectively to seize opportunities, and remain 

focused on harnessing synergies between our business units. 

For more information on Union Steel’s financial results, 

please refer to the Annual Report 2018, which is available for 

download on SGXNet and the Group’s corporate website.

Union Steel believes in corporate transparency. We make 

quarterly and annual disclosures of material information 

through SGXNet as well as announcements on significant 

corporate developments and material price sensitive 

information. Union Steel’s corporate website is also a reliable 

source for updated information about the Group and the latest 

news releases. 

Union Steel’s Annual General Meetings remains the main 

platform for shareholders to meet and engage with the 

Board and the Group’s senior management team. The Board 

welcomes questions from shareholders, either informally or 

formally before or during the general meetings. The minutes of 

general meetings are available to shareholders upon request.

For more information on shareholder rights, communication 

with shareholders, and conduct of shareholder meetings, 

please refer to the Statement of Corporate Governance from 

page 35 to page 37 of the Annual Report 2018.

CORPORATE

Throughout our 35-year history, we have prioritised the quality 

of products and services offered. This has allowed us to build 

strong long-term relationships with our global network of cus-

tomers and suppliers.

BUILD LONG-LASTING RELATIONSHIPS WITH 

CUSTOMERS

We strive to deliver dedicated solutions and high-quality 

products to meet the specific requirements of our customers 

and their industries. We gain insights to our customer’s needs 

through phone calls and visits to our customers, and carry 

out market research on specific industries. We also gather 

customer feedback regularly for continuous improvement of 

our customer services.

COMMITMENT TO ETHICAL SOURCING

As a member of the global resource supply chain, the Group 

has built trusted relationships with local and international 

suppliers to ensure on-time delivery and availability of 

products that are difficult to source. 

We are strongly committed to ethical sourcing. We review 

and evaluate suppliers regularly to ensure that the suppliers 

we work with adhere to ethical business practices. Where 

necessary, we also conduct site visits as a means of validation.

INTERNAL CODE OF ETHICS

Ethical breach is identified as a material risk to our business 

operations in our risk management process. Over the years, 

we have taken steps to further strengthen our internal policies 

and controls, reinforcing our commitment to continue striving 

for the highest ethical standards. 

Our internal policies include the requirement for the Group’s 

employees to be provided with the Group’s code of conduct 

at the start of their employment and employees holding 

certain positions are required to make conflict of interest 

declarations. We also have a whistle-blowing policy approved  

by the Audit Committee and adopted by the Board. This 

provides a channel for our employees to, in confidence and 

on an anonymous basis, report and raise their concerns


8

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

about possible improprieties in corporate, financial and other 

matters.

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

The Group’s human resource policies are strongly grounded in 

fairness and inclusiveness. We recognise the importance of a 

balanced and inclusive workforce, and that our human capital 

is our most vital asset. Our corporate office has a diverse 

mix of employees with all age groups well-represented. This 

allows our employees to benefit from each other, where 

experienced employees pass down knowledge from decades 

of industry experience, while younger employees introduce 

fresh perspectives to their seniors.

We also greatly encourage teamwork and bonding in our 

workforce, to inspire all employees to be motivated, helpful, 

and to feel a sense of belonging to the organisation. Having 

a committed and dedicated workforce enables us to then 

achieve our corporate goals. Cohesion is fostered among the 

staff members through activities such as the annual dinner 

and dance, and catered lunch buffets on festive occasions 

such as Deepavali, Christmas, and the Hungry Ghost Festival.

To help our employees grow to their full potential, training 

courses are regularly scheduled as part of their professional 

development. These include productivity courses, ISO 

9001, 14001, 18001, on-the-job training, and internal auditor 

courses. We also ensure that our employee’s technical 

skills are honed and upgraded through certification courses 

conducted by the BCA Academy, such as electrical wiring, 3G 

welding, and hydraulic excavator operation. Each department 

is responsible for monitoring the number of training hours 

attended by its staff members.

The foreign workforce is an essential part of our operations, 

and every effort is made to ensure that they are well-provided 

for, and treated with care and compassion. Our dormitories 

provide daily breakfast and dinner for all our workers at no 

additional charge. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Due to the business nature of the construction, engineering 

and marine heavy industries, it is of utmost importance to

STAKEHOLDERS

18%

51%

17%

9%

5%

AGE GROUP

&gt; 60 

5%

50 - 60 

9%

40 - 50 

17%

30 - 40 

51%

&lt; 30  

18%

20%

80%

GENDER

Female 

20%

Male 

80%

3%

8%

49%

16%

25%

NATIONALITY

Others

Chinese

Indian/Bangladeshi/

Nepalese

Malaysian

Singaporean

RESIDENCY

6%

25%

69%

Foreigner

Permanent Resident

Singaporean

FACTS &amp; FIGURES OF FINANCIAL 

YEAR 2018

ensure a safe and healthy environment for all our employees 

as well as external parties who come to our facilities. We 

safeguard our employee’s health and safety by maintaining 

sophisticated health and safety programmes in accordance 

with standards including bizSAFE Star, SS506 Part 1:2009 and 

OHSAS 18001:2017.  


9

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

CORPORATE

Our external consultants, as well as internal safety officers, 

keep us updated on current regulations and ensure that 

we comply with the regulatory requirements in our daily 

operations. Our health and safety policies, practices and 

performances are regularly reviewed by the management.

In operational work, our workers are provided with personal 

protective equipment (PPE), and we put up signages to 

indicate the specific areas where PPE must be worn across 

our yards. We review our safety procedures in weekly toolbox 

meetings conducted by yard supervisors. Additionally, all 

external parties are required to have a permit to work before 

commencing any on-site activities.

In FY2018, Union Steel’s workplace injury rate and accident 

frequency rate were both zero, as there were no accidents 

or fatalities.  Management takes an extremely serious 

view of workplace safety, and all accidents are thoroughly 

investigated; where appropriate, action will be taken to prevent 

such incidents from reoccurring. 

bizSAFE STAR

Workplace Safety and Health  

SS506 Part 1:2009

Singapore Standard on Occupational 

OHSAS 18001:2017

British Standard on Occupational 



O

C

C

U

P

A

T

I

O

N

A

L

 

H

E

A

L

T

H

 

&amp;

 

S

A

F

E

T

Y

OHSAS

18001

COMMUNITY

ENVIRONMENTALLY RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS  

We believe that we have an important role to play in the 

conservation of natural resources, and our actions can have 

a significant impact on the environment. Where possible, 

we seek to conduct our business in an environmentally 

responsible manner, with engagement and compliance with 

regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate. 

Apart from complying with environmental legislation and 

regulations, where possible we also go above and beyond, 

by incorporating good environmental practices into our daily 

processes. At the Group level, our ISO14001:2015 certification 

shows our commitment to improving the environment, and 

at the same time serves as a reminder and a guide for our 

employees as they perform their duties.

Operationally, our metal recycling activities contribute to 

the conservation of natural resources. Our daily processes 

involve the collection of metal scrap and sorting them into 

their respective types and grades. This process helps improve 

the quantity and quality of each recoverable material in the 

next stages of the recycling process.

We strive to maximise the recovery of metal even in the 

general waste we collect. We sort through and extract metal 

scrap before disposing at NEA appointed sites. In FY2018, we 

recovered an estimated 500 tons of metal scrap.

In an effort to reduce our environmental footprint, we also 

have a fleet renewal programme where vehicles such as 

excavators and forklifts are periodically replaced with newer, 

more efficient models with reduced carbon emissions and 

fuel consumption. At our corporate offices, it is our working 

culture to reduce paper wastage by being mindful when 

printing documents and to conserve energy by ensuring lights 

and air-conditioning are switched off when not in use.





ISO 14001:2015

International Standard for 

Environmental Management Systems

ISO 9001:2015

International Standard for Quality 

Management Systems


10

UNION STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

COMMUNITY

As a member of these 

associations, Union Steel 

is committed to upholding their 

principles which include, among 

others, adhering to ethical business 

practices and the elimination of an-

ti-competitive behaviour.

SUPPORTING THE COMMUNITY

Union Steel gives back to society through a wide range 

of charitable contributions. In FY2018, the Group made 

donations to various beneficiaries through charity drives 

and events. These beneficiaries support various local 

communities including the aged members of our society, 

and educational institutions to seed and nurture the nation’s 

intellectual capital of tomorrow.

Union Steel is also a member of several trade organisations 

including the Singapore Metal &amp; Machinery Association, and 

Singapore Iron Works Merchant Association. These trade 

organisations encourage the growth and development of 

their respective industries by building closer ties between 

member companies as well as with government bodies. As 

a member of these associations, Union Steel is committed 

to upholding their principles which include, among others, 

adhering to ethical business practices and the elimination of 

anti-competitive behaviour.


33 Pioneer Road North 

Singapore 628474

Tel:  (65) 6861 9833 

Fax: (65) 6862 9833

www.unionsteel.com.sg









