
 



 



 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2017 

 

United Food Holdings Limited is committed to act responsibly with corporate social 

responsibility is core to our strategy and is deeply embedded within our operations and our 

culture. It is the Group’s essence to continuously improve the wellbeing of the environment 

and the society in which it operates. 


  

• • • 

1 

 

 

 

Scope 

This sustainability report discusses the Group’s overall performance in 

the environmental and social aspects of the business operations in 

Singapore, Hong Kong and in the PRC from 1st January 2017 to 31th 

December 2017, unless otherwise stated. 

 

ENGAGEMENT of STAKEHOLDERS  

For this sustainability report, in order to identify the most significant 

aspects for the Group to report on, key stakeholders including 

investors, shareholders and employees have been involved in 

engagement sessions to discuss and to review areas of attention 

which will help the business meet its potential development and be 

prepared for future challenges. 

United Food’s SUSTAINABILITY MISSION 

United Food Holdings Limited is committed to act responsibly with 

corporate social responsibility is core to our strategy and is deeply 

embedded within our operations and our culture. It is the Group’s 

goal to continuously improve the wellbeing of the environment and 

the society in which it operates. From targeting the investment chain 

towards responsible, long-term value creation, such that economic, 

social and environmental sustainability are delivered as an outcome 

to the various development initiatives of the Company, to including 

day-to-day corporate management, business development and 

product and service development, our Group strives to achieve our 

goal of being a good corporate responsible social citizen. In this 

regard, the Company has also formulated a relevant environmental, 

and social governance policy, which: 

 

- 

complies to the relevant laws and regulations of corporate 

environment, society and governance for conducting the 

Group’s businesses; 

- 

continues to improve and enhance the Company’s relevant 

management system embedded with environmental, social 

and governance considerations; and 

- 

encourages and promotes our staff and employees to save 

energy and conserve resources, supports and motivates energy 

saving and emission reduction measures 

 

 


  

• • • 

2 

 

- 

 

 

We are also very committed to communicating between 

management and staff, in respect of sustainability values, and 

such information was extended to stakeholders by way of 

sustainability report. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Our soy-bean processing operation was ceased due to 

government policy since July 2015 and has been consequently 

disposed of in 2018 without any resumption of operations, 

therefore our business does not involve in production-related 

pollutions which would result in any direct emission. Type of 

emissions the Group has involved in the reporting period was 

mainly travel emissions and paper consumption.  

 

Travel 

The Directors and senior executives have decreased the travel 

for the Board and the senior executives hence reducing the 

corresponding carbon emission produced from the traveling. This 

has been done by actively engaging in a policy to utilize 

telephone conference meetings rather than the traditional face-

to-face for all non-essential meetings.  

 

Energy and Paper Consumption 

All staff are educated with our energy and paper consumption 

initiatives. Our initiatives encourage the switch off all lighting, air 

conditioner and other electrical appliance when not in use. It 

also promotes to practice paper savings, such as default double-

sided printing, reminder for staff to have environmentally friendly 

photocopying habit, and separated collection of waste paper 

for effective recycling. 

 

 

 

 


  

• • • 

3 

 

 

SOCIAL  

Employees Wellbeing 

Due to the government policies the Company’s soy-bean 

processing operation was ceased since July 2015. The Group 

staying true the its core value of being a responsible corporate 

citizen continued to support its affected staff. 

 

Systematic Training  

Core values are the basis for the training provided by the 

Company. While job requirements serves as the theme and 

enhancement of job skills serves as the objective for the overall 

training. The Company succeeded in designing targeted training 

facilitating improvement in the employees’ professional and 

management quality to the fullest extent and realizing their growth 

potentials. 

 

Equal Opportunity 

Equal opportunities are given to employees in respect of 

recruitment, training and development, job advancement, and 

compensation and benefits. The employees are not discriminated 

against or deprived of such opportunities on the basis of gender, 

ethnic background, religion, colour, sexual orientation, age, 

marital status, family status, retirement, disability, pregnancy or any 

other discrimination prohibited by applicable law. The Group also 

appreciates 

the 

importance 

of 

cultural 

diversity 

in 

the 

development of the Group, and promotes the employment of 

employees in a wide range of ages, genders, and ethnicities. 

 

 

 


  

• • • 

4 

 

 

 

Avoidance of Conflicts of Interest 

The Group commits to manage all business without undue 

influence and has regarded honesty, integrity, and fairness as its 

core values. All directors and employees are required to strictly 

follow the Code of Conduct and Group’s policy to prevent 

potential bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. The 

Group’s Code of Conduct states clearly that: 

 

- 

All directors and employees should avoid conflicts of 

personal interest and their professional duties; 

- 

A situation in which employees exercise authority, influence 

decisions and actions or gain access to company assets 

and information through their employment in the Group to 

achieve private and personal gain is strictly prohibited. 

- 

Neither directors nor employees shall obtain or provide 

benefits to customers, contractors, suppliers, or people with 

business relationship with the Group 

 

LOOKING FORWARD 

Going forward the Group and its Board will continue to improve, 

enhance and promote the sustainability process. The Board and 

senior executives will continue to be engaged in corporate 

social responsibility training for the improvement of the Group’s 

corporate social responsibility development. More training and 

development in terms of raising staff’s awareness on 

environmental and social impacts from the business will also be 

considered. 

 

 



