
 

 



 

 

Sustainability Report 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 Sustainability Report 2020         

 

 2 



 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2020. The report outlines the 

Group’s sustainability performance as well as insights proceeding the 

implementation of our strategies. As the Board of Directors of United Food 

Holdings Limited, we have been overseeing the development of this 

Sustainability Report supported by our management team. This report provides 

information on the area in which we have believed that have the most 

environmental, social and governance impact. 

 

Scope 

This sustainability report discusses the Group’s overall performance in the 

environmental and social aspects of the business operations in Singapore, 

Hong Kong and in the PRC from 1st April 2019 to 31st March 2020, unless 

otherwise stated. This sustainability report was prepared in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiatives principles. 

 

ENGAGEMENT of STAKEHOLDERS  

For this sustainability report, in order to identify the most significant aspects 

for the Group to report on, key stakeholders including investors, shareholders 

and employees have been involved in engagement sessions to discuss and to 

review areas of attention which will help the business meet its potential 

development and be prepared for future challenges. 

 

United Food’s SUSTAINABILITY MISSION 

United Food Holdings Limited is committed to act responsibly with corporate 

social responsibility is core to our strategy and is deeply embedded within our 

operations and our culture. It is the Group’s goal to continuously improve the 

wellbeing of the environment and the society in which it operates. From 

targeting the investment chain towards responsible, long-term value creation, 

such that economic, social and environmental sustainability are delivered as 

an outcome to the various development initiatives of the Company, to including 

day-to-day corporate management, business development and product and 

service development, our Group strives to achieve our goal of being a good 

corporate responsible social citizen. In this regard, the Company has also 

formulated a relevant environmental, and social governance policy, which: 

 

 complies to the relevant laws and regulations of corporate environment, 

society and governance for conducting the Group’s businesses; 

 continues to improve and enhance the Company’s relevant 

management system embedded with environmental, social and 

governance considerations; and 


 Sustainability Report 2020         

 

 3 



 

 

 encourages and promotes our staff and employees to save energy and 

conserve resources, supports and motivates energy saving and 

emission reduction measures 

 

We are also very committed to communicating between management and 

staff, in respect of sustainability values, and such information was extended to 

stakeholders by way of sustainability report. 

 

 

Responses to COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic has influenced how we interact with each other on a 

daily basis and shaped new business processes in ways we are only beginning 

to understand. 

 

We continue to partner closely with local governments in all regions where we 

operate to keep our teams safe and help prevent the spread of the disease. 

Acting with an abundance of caution, we established early preventative 

protocols to reduce the risk of exposure, including remote work and separate 

teams to minimize the number of people working on-site at the same time, 

additional cleaning and social distancing. As the situation escalated, we 

provided additional assistance to employees working from home and on-site, 

including these measures: 

 

 Providing staff and employees with COVID-19 Protection equipment 

 Creating an employee relief fund to be claimed by staff and employees 

to help those facing significant hardships  

 Co-ordinate communication with government agencies and employees 

for the latest information regarding the COVID-19 situation in the 

associated region 

 

While we cannot choose our circumstances, we can choose our actions. In 

unprecedented and challenging times like these, our actions must reflect our 

values and the best of who we are as a company — our people, our resources 

and our creativity — to help humankind. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

We maintain an active program for continuous reduction of hazardous 

chemicals in the manufacturing process. However, due to the continued trade 

war and the effects of COVID-19 the operations and productions of the animal 

feed and L-Ascorbyl Palmitate or anti-oxidant has been adversely affected and 


 Sustainability Report 2020         

 

 4 



have been mostly suspended.  Therefore, due to the continued business 

associated with the Group for the majority of the past reporting period the type  

of emissions the Group was mainly involved was mainly travel emissions and 

paper consumption. 

 

Travel 

The Directors and senior executives have decreased the travel for the Board 

and the senior executives hence reducing the corresponding carbon emission 

produced from the traveling. This has been done by actively engaging in a policy 

to utilize telephone conference meetings rather than the traditional face-to-

face for all non-essential meetings. In 2019 the corresponding emission 

resulting from travel was 3.5 tonnes compared to 4.82 tonnes in 2018, a 

reduction of 27.3% (the above figures have been computed from 

http://calculator.carbonfootprint.com/). The Group will target to improve or 

sustain the level of carbon emission produced from traveling in the upcoming 

financial year. 

 

Energy and Paper Consumption 

All staff are educated with our energy and paper consumption initiatives. Our 

initiatives encourage the switch off all lighting, air conditioner and other 

electrical appliance when not in use. It also promotes to practice paper savings, 

such as default double-sided printing, reminder for staff to have 

environmentally friendly photocopying habit, and separated collection of waste 

paper for effective recycling. A total of approximately 7000 sheets of paper 

were utilized in 2019 compared to approximately 7,500 sheets in 2018, a 

reduction of 7%. The Group will target to improve or sustain the level of carbon 

emission produced from paper consumption in the upcoming financial year. 

 

 

SOCIAL  

Systematic Training  

Core values are the basis for the training provided by the Company. While job 

requirements serve as the theme and enhancement of job skills serves as the 

objective for the overall training. The Company succeeded in designing targeted 

training facilitating improvement in the employees’ professional and 

management quality to the fullest extent and realizing their growth potentials. 

 

Equal Opportunity 

Equal opportunities are given to employees in respect of recruitment, training 

and development, job advancement, and compensation and benefits. The 

employees are not discriminated against or deprived of such opportunities on 

the basis of gender, ethnic background, religion, colour, sexual orientation, age, 

marital status, family status, retirement, disability, pregnancy or any other 


 Sustainability Report 2020         

 

 5 



discrimination prohibited by applicable law. The Group also appreciates the 

importance of cultural diversity in the development of the Group, and promotes 

the employment of employees in a wide range of ages, genders, and ethnicities. 

 

Avoidance of Conflicts of Interest 

The Group commits to manage all business without undue influence and has 

regarded honesty, integrity, and fairness as its core values. All directors and 

employees are required to strictly follow the Code of Conduct and Group’s policy 

to prevent potential bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. The Group’s 

Code of Conduct states clearly that: 

 

 

All directors and employees should avoid conflicts of personal interest and 

their professional duties; 

 

A situation in which employees exercise authority, influence decisions and 

actions or gain access to company assets and information through their 

employment in the Group to achieve private and personal gain is strictly 

prohibited. 

 

Neither directors nor employees shall obtain or provide benefits to 

customers, contractors, suppliers, or people with business relationship with 

the Group 

 

 

LOOKING FORWARD 

Going forward the Group and its Board will continue to improve, enhance and 

promote the sustainability process. The Board and senior executives will 

continue to be engaged in corporate social responsibility training for the 

improvement of the Group’s corporate social responsibility development. More 

training and development in terms of raising staff’s awareness on 

environmental and social impacts from the business will also be considered. 

 

 

 

 

