
 

 

 
















 

 

 

CONTENTS 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 - 8 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

9 - 10 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 - 13 

SOCIAL  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 - 17 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17 - 19 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

20 - 21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

1 

 

Board’s Statement 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of V2Y Corporation Limited (formerly known as Synagie Corporation Ltd.) 

(“V2Y” or “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” and “we”) is pleased to present the 

sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

In FY2020, the Group has completed the disposal of e-Commerce business which includes e-Commerce enabler 

and logistics business (including the technology and business solutions). Following the disposal, the Group has 

been actively seeking opportunities to expand the Insurtech Business.  

The Group is partnering with leading computer manufacturers and distributors to, among others, bundle or 

package the Group's accidental damage protection solutions and third-party administration services in major 

government tenders for the supply of laptops and tablets. In addition, we are exploring partnerships with various 

consumer electronics and mobile phone chain stores to further expand distribution channels for our mobile 

phone screen protection insurance products.  

The Group continues to integrate sustainability practices into the business whilst creating long-term value for 

the key stakeholders. We review and determine the sustainability factors which are material to our business and 

oversee the management of the sustainability issues by tracking the Group’s sustainability efforts and focus on 

our commitment to working alongside with our valued stakeholders to build a sustainable business. 

FY2020 was indeed a challenging year for businesses in Singapore and the rest of the world as the global 

economy was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. V2Y was also affected by the pandemic outbreak 

as the Group saw some near-term impact to Insurtech business during the COVID-19 period, with a slowdown 

in renewal of contracts by customers. However, the Group remains positive for the long-term outlook in this 

industry as the world moves to increased digitalisation post-COVID-19 and digital adoption has taken a quantum 

leap as the consumers moved dramatically toward online channels. 

It is our belief that building a sustainable business is important to our continued success and that we must be 

fully accountable for the impacts related to our environment, social and governance. We have taken into 

considerations our sustainability matters into the Group’s strategy formulations. This can be proven by our 

efforts to minimise our carbon footprint though environment conservation initiatives such as encouraging waste 

reducing practices through 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) awareness and education in our workplace. In 

addition, we also work towards providing a safe and conducive working environment for our employees by 

cultivating a sense of responsibility for health, safety and well-being throughout the Group. In view of the 

ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we protect the health and safety of our employees by allowing them to return to 

the office on a team rotation basis and encourage them to continue working from home, where possible.  

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our dedicated staff 

and stakeholders for their continuous support and effort in helping us towards a more sustainable future. 

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  

Ong Shen Chieh (Wang Shengjie) 

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 

V2Y Corporation Ltd. 

27 April 2021 




 

2 

 

About This Report 

Scope of the report 

This Sustainability Report reviews our strategy, approach and sustainability performance for the 12-month 

period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 with the primary focus on environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) and economic aspects and initiatives undertaken that had impacted the material ESG factors. 

Unless otherwise stated, the objective, approach, performance and targets of the sustainability topics shall cover 

the Group’s Insurtech business in Singapore. 

Reporting Framework 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in compliance with Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Catalist Rules and with reference to the internationally recognised Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option.  

Report Content and Quality  

This Sustainability Report aims to provide stakeholders with an overview of the Group’s initiatives and strategies 

in relation to sustainability issues. Through this, we aim to address the key concerns and issues of our 

stakeholders. To ensure the quality of the content in this Sustainability Report, we have applied GRI’s principles 

of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. All the data presented in this Sustainability 

Report are presented in internationally accepted measurement units. Financial figures are presented in 

Singapore Dollars unless otherwise stated.  

Availability 

This Sustainability Report is only available in PDF format and can be downloaded from the SGXNet and on the 

Company’s website https://v2y.si/investor_relations/.  

As part of our ongoing efforts in improving the coverage of our sustainability practices, we welcome stakeholders 

to submit their questions or feedback on any aspect of our sustainability performance to Sustain@V2Y.si.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

3 

 

Our Sustainability Statement 

Our Vision 

To create sustainable commerce and champion positive change.  

Our Mission 

To partner our customers through adding values to their products and creating exceptional post-sales service 

experience, to achieve profitability and to create a sustainable business together. 

Our Sustainability Management 

Our Board is the highest governing body overseeing our sustainability agenda and journey, which is operationally 

driven by the Executive Director/ Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). He is supported by Group Financial Controller, 

who works with the respective Department Heads and middle management team, as set out below. 

 

 

 

Our Board shall oversee and provide overall guidance to management on the Company’s policies, strategies 

and programmes related to matters of sustainability and corporate social responsibility.  This includes, but not 

limited to, matters related to environment, local community, human rights, supply chains, customer feedback 

and philanthropy. The management shall set and review the goals established with respect to sustainability 

matters and monitor the Company’s performance and progress. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Board of Directors







Executive Director/ 

CEO







Group Financial 

Controller







Sales/PD







Operations







Finance &amp; Human Resource


 

4 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Our approaches to sustainability is supported by our commitment to create long-term sustainable value for our 

stakeholders. We value the feedback arising from our stakeholder engagements as it has helped strengthen the 

relevance of our reporting and approach to managing the Company’s material issues. As such, we engaged with 

our key stakeholders through various platforms to allow us to obtain valuable and relevant inputs. Our key 

stakeholders include our customers, employees, insurers, shareholders, regulators and the community at large.  

We have collated and summarised the key concerns and interests raised by our stakeholders as follows: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

channels 

Frequency 

Key areas of concern 

Employees 

Code of Conduct 

and Group’s 

policies 

Perpetual 

▪ Work environment safety and welfare; 

and 

▪ COVID-19 Safe Management 

Measures at workplace 

Performance 

appraisal 

Annual 

▪ Areas of improvement;  

▪ Good merit-based compensation 

system; and  

▪ Creation of effective development 

plan 

Training and 

development 

Ad-hoc 

▪ Professional knowledge and 

compliance; 

▪ Career progression; and 

▪ Learning and growth opportunities 

Insurers 

V2Y’s network 

Perpetual 

▪ Establishing and maintaining strong 

business with accredited insurers; and 

▪ Prompt payment cycles 

End Users 

Feedback 

Annual 

Timely and quality customer service 

Shareholders 

Annual report and 

sustainability 

report 

Annual 

▪ Financial performance and position; 

▪ Business strategy and outlook; and 

▪ Sustainability of business 

Announcements 

on SGXNet 

Ad-hoc 

Timeliness, completeness and accuracy 

of announcements 

Media releases 

Ad-hoc 

Timeliness, completeness and accuracy 

of media releases 

Regulators 

Correspondence 

and meetings with 

government 

agencies and 

statutory bodies,  

participation on 

industry and local 

councils  

collaborations 

Ad-hoc 

▪ Regulatory compliance 

▪ Good governance  

▪ Safety at work 

Community 

Sustainability 

report 

Annual 

▪ Corporate social conduct; 

▪ Safe and sustainable environment; 

and 

▪ Public health and communicable 

diseases. 

 

 

 

 


 

5 

 

Materiality Assessment 

We have performed a materiality analysis to identify, prioritise and validate the economic, governance, social, 

and environmental issues that are relatively important to our business and stakeholders through various 

channels of communication and feedback received. The analysis allows us to assess and prioritise stakeholders’ 

needs and assists us to allocate our resources more efficiently to create long-term value for all our stakeholders. 

First of all, we conducted a comparative analysis of sustainability issues identified by global initiatives and 

concerns raised by the stakeholders. These issues were then discussed and prioritised in accordance with the 

level of materiality to the Group. Each issue was then prioritised on a scale of ‘1 to 10’ as shown in the table 

below. After the preliminary materiality matrix was developed, we proceeded to validate it through 

engagements with the different groups of stakeholders. 

Our review focuses on economic, governance, social and environmental aspects with 9 identified material topics. 

For each material topic, we report on its relevance to our business and stakeholders, and the measures put in 

place to address it. Going forward, we will continually re-evaluate and review our material ESG topics with our 

stakeholders to ensure they remain relevant in the business environment. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product and service 

quality

Create economic 

value

Risk Management

Ethics and business 

conduct

Talent attraction 

and retention

Training and 

development

Occupational 

health and safety

Waste management

Energy and water 

efficiency

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

IMPORTANCE TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

SIGNIFICANCE TO OUR BUSINESS

Economic

Governance

Social

Environmental


 

6 

 

Material Topics 

Topic 

Why is this material for us and stakeholders 

How we are addressing the issue 

Economic Aspect 

Creating 

economic value 

 

 

 

 

In order to build a business with sustainable 

growth prospects, we have to ensure 

continuous creation of economic value for our 

valued stakeholders.  

 

Consistent and strong financial performance 

drives shareholder value amid challenging 

operating environments.  

 

We seek to create long-term economic 

value for our stakeholders through 

building a sustainable business and brand 

through the expansion of our Insurtech 

business model. In addition, we will 

develop and launch more innovative 

insurance products. 

Product 

and 

service quality 

 

 

It has always been our commitment to build a 

reputation for quality and to exceed our 

customer’s expectations. We believe that by 

providing the best products and services that 

meet or exceed our customer expectations will 

result in customer satisfaction and at the same 

time we could build a sustainable business 

relationship with them. 

 

 

We value the feedback given by the 

customers. Their feedback is a resource 

for enhancing customer experience and to 

further improve on our products and 

services offering in order to meet their 

needs and expectations. 

 

 

Environmental Aspect 

Waste 

management 

 

 

 

Waste management is crucial as the waste 

production in Singapore has been increasing 

every year. 

 

We understand the importance of everyone’s 

role in protecting the environment and to 

minimise 

waste. 

Therefore, 

we 

have 

integrated waste management into our 

operations to minimise our environmental 

impact.  

 

We are committed to protect the 

environment 

by 

promoting 

environmental-friendly practices in the 

Group. The Group encourages waste 

reducing 

practices 

through 

its 

3Rs 

(Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) awareness 

and education initiatives.  

Energy 

and 

water 

efficiency 

 

 

We 

are 

committed 

towards 

energy 

conservation which is in line with Singapore’s 

initiatives in reducing its carbon footprint by 

encouraging lower energy consumption. 

 

Despite our direct ecological footprint being 

relatively small, we are taking reasonable 

steps to minimise energy consumption 

through improving overall energy efficiency of 

the Group. 

We have undertaken methods to improve 

energy efficiency by using motion-

triggered 

lightings, 

maintaining 

air-

conditioner temperature at 25 degrees 

Celsius and the use of energy-efficient 

Light-emitting diode (LED) light bulbs at 

our office. 

 

In addition, we have been constantly 

monitoring 

and 

measuring 

the 

effectiveness of our effort towards 

minimising 

energy 

and 

water 

consumption at our office. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

7 

 

Topic 

Why is this material for us and stakeholders 

How we are addressing the issue 

Social Aspect 

Talent 

attraction and 

retention  

 

 

Great talents are scarce and it has been a 

challenge to attract talents that fit into the 

Group’s culture and structure. Retaining 

talents is another challenge faced by our 

management. 

 

Nevertheless, we employ people with relevant 

skills and experience to fit in their roles and 

responsibilities based on merit and valuable 

industry experience. We also retain existing 

talents as we greatly value their contributions 

and loyalty towards the Group. 

 

We retain existing talents and as well as 

attract 

new 

talents 

by 

providing 

attractive remuneration, staff benefit 

and welfare, as well as the opportunity to 

develop. 

 

Employees are given flexible working 

schedule to help them meet their 

demands in both their professional and 

personal lives.  

 

In addition, the Group ensure that all our 

employees are treated fairly, with 

respect and dignity, regardless of their 

gender, race, nationality and religion.  

 

 

Occupational 

health 

and 

safety 

 

 

We recognise the importance of a healthy and 

safe workplace is essential in upholding 

corporate image, greater staff retention, 

regulatory 

compliance, 

lower 

level 

of 

absenteeism 

and 

better 

cognitive 

performance. 

We ensure that the safety of our 

employees are protected. We cultivate a 

sense of responsibility for health, safety 

and well-being throughout the Group by 

constantly reminding our employees on 

workplace safety awareness. 

 

Furthermore, due to the ongoing COVID-

19 pandemic, the Company allows our 

employees to work from home, where 

possible for safety concern. 

 

 

Training and 

development 

 

 

Continuous training and upgrading for all our 

employees is important to our success. We 

constantly provide learning and development 

resources opportunities for our employees to 

develop the right competencies and skills. 

 

We also understand the importance of training 

and development to better equip our 

employees with the skills and knowledge 

required 

to 

discharge 

their 

roles 

and 

responsibilities as well as to contribute towards 

our goal to maintain a long-term sustainable 

business. 

We conduct formal and systematic 

performance appraisals annually to 

identify gaps in knowledge and gather 

feedback from employees. In addition, it 

also allows us to communicate with our 

employees to better understand their 

needs and work out effective solutions to 

bridge the knowledge gaps through 

specialised training and development 

plans. 

 

In FY2020, due to the COVID-19 

pandemic, there were lesser training 

courses to attend. However, we will 

continue to source and invest in training 

and development for our employees in 

FY2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

8 

 

Topic 

Why is this material for us and stakeholders 

How we are addressing the issue 

Governance Aspect 

Ethics 

and 

business 

conduct 

 

 

To maintain good corporate governance, we 

understand that the appropriate people, 

processes and structures are important to 

direct and manage the business and affairs of 

the Group. With strong corporate governance, 

we could maximise long-term shareholder 

value, while taking into account the interests of 

other stakeholders. 

 

We establish our corporate image based on the 

foundation of good ethics and business 

conduct. 

 

 

We do not tolerate corruption and fraud 

in any form. We have established zero 

tolerance towards corruption and fraud 

and this is evident in our formalised Code 

of Business Ethics and Conduct policy, 

which is made available to all employees. 

We hold ourselves to the highest 

standards and maintain a strong stance 

against bribery and corruption. 

 

We 

have 

also 

put 

in 

place 

a 

whistleblowing policy which provides a 

mechanism for employees to report any 

wrong-doing within the Group relating to 

unlawful conduct and malpractices in the 

workplace. 

Our 

accessible 

and 

independent whistleblowing channels, 

including direct access to the Audit 

Committee Chairman, allow employees 

to report any suspected wrongdoings in 

good 

faith 

and 

in 

confidence. 

Furthermore, 

our 

open-door 

policy 

culture also provides employees with 

channels to escalate any suspected 

wrongdoings to the management. 

 

In addition, we have also established a 

privacy policy on our corporate website 

to provide transparency on our handling 

of confidential customer data. 

 

Risk 

management 

 

Enterprise risk management is the process of 

identifying and addressing methodically the 

potential events that represent risks to the 

achievement of strategic objectives, or to 

opportunities to gain competitive advantage. 

 

At V2Y, we promote risk management culture 

through establishing processes to identify and 

evaluate our risks, as well as monitoring and 

reporting to the Board the status and 

effectiveness of risks mitigation measures and 

strategy implementation. 

 

Management of risks and threats is important  

as our operations involve collection of large 

volume of customer’s personal data. 

 

We carry out enterprise risk review 

annually to ensure that we account for 

new risks that arise as we seek new 

business opportunities. We will continue 

monitoring to ensure that the risks are 

kept within our risk appetite and 

implement suitable risk responses. 

 

 






 

9 

 

Economic 

Objective 

Our aim is to innovate our Insurtech business through the use of technology innovation and create affordable 

insurance experiences that is unlike the traditional insurance, as well as creating long-term economic value for 

our stakeholders. 

Approach 

(a) Creating Economic Value 

At V2Y, we believe that to be a sustainable business in the long term, we should not solely focus on profits. In 

order to build a business that has sustainable long-term growth prospects, we have to ensure continuous 

creation of economic value for our valued stakeholders. We create long-term economic value for our 

stakeholders and adopt strategies through the following: 

Innovative of Insurtech business model 

Following the disposal of the e-commerce business segment in November 2020, the Group is looking to expand 

our Insurtech business by providing third-party administration services and value-added services for our 

multinational customers in the computer, communications and consumer electronics sector in other countries 

such as India and Japan.  

We have over ten years of experience in providing regional third-party administration solutions for extended 

warranty and accidental damage protection services, and after-sales support and call centre services. Our 

customers include Fortune 500 companies in the computer, communication and consumer electronics or 3C 

sector. We have provided services to our corporate customers from countries across Asia including Singapore, 

Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, South Korea and Thailand, as well as Hong Kong. 

We are engaged by our corporate customers and we serve as an administrative intermediary between our 

corporate customers and the insurance partners, reducing the administrative burden borne by both of them. 

We enable the extended warranty value chain by allowing manufacturers and retailers to outsource vital 

processes for their extended warranty programmes. We offer a range of products for our customer such as 

Kiasu.Me, Smart Care, Smart Care Plus, Extended Care and Replacement Care. Kiasu.Me is an insurance that 

protects our customer’s new smartphone for one accidental screen damage for a period of 12 months upon 

activation. In 2021, Kiasu.Me was rebranded as Smart Care as part of our initiative to streamline our product 

category. Smart Care extends its coverage for screen damage to include other accidental damages such as in the 

event of lightning, flood, burglary or theft via forcible entry, armed robbery, liquid or damage by providing repair 

or replacement options. 

Leveraging on our technology platform and ecosystem, the Group is looking to expand our Insurtech business 

by extending existing offerings and new products to our brand partners, channel partners and end consumers. 

The Group remains positive for the long-term outlook in this industry as the world moves toward increased 

digitalisation post COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic is accelerating the rise of digital world and there is 

increased demand and usage of electronic devices following the new societal activities such as working from 

home and distant learning. As such, we believe that with the increased usage of electronic devices, it could 

eventually boost our existing insurance product sales. 

According to an article written by McKinsey &amp; Company1, Insurtech have emerged in the insurance space where 

investments have grown rapidly. $140 million was invested annually in 2011, $270 million in 2013, and $2.7 

billion in 2015. The article also highlighted that, based on the analysis from Panorama Insurtech, it shows that 

 

1 https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/financial-services/our-insights/insurtech-the-threat-that-inspires# 


 

10 

 

despite the US has been the pioneering market for Insurtech, Asia-Pacific region accounts for only 14 percent of 

the Insurtech but this is expected to be the fastest growing region in the coming years.  

 

(b) Product and Customer Service Quality 

It has always been our commitment to build a reputation for quality and to exceed our customer’s expectations. 

We believe that by providing the best products and services that meet or exceed our customer expectations will 

result in customer satisfaction and at the same time, build a sustainable business relationship with them. We 

understand the importance of customers’ feedback on their experience with our products and services. 

Therefore, we have a dedicated Operation Team and Claim Specialist to address customers’ queries and 

feedback. Feedback and comments received by our customers are collected for future improvements in our 

business model. In addition, we have established key performance indicators for our customer service staff to 

monitor response rate to customers’ concerns and feedback.  

 

Our Group’s performance 

Economic Value  

Generated by V2Y 

 

Total Assets 

Total Equity 

$1.77m* 

$4.6m* 

$2.85m* 

Total revenue in FY2020 

 

Value of V2Y’s total assets  

as at 31 December 2020 

Value of V2Y’s total equity  

as at 31 December 2020 

*The performance above exclude contribution from discontinued operations. 

Economic Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Increase the number of Brand Partners and 

optimise 

product mix 

Not applicable as it is related to the disposed e-commerce 

group. 

Expand our Big Data analytics capabilities and 

geographical influence 

Not applicable as it is related to the disposed e-commerce 

group. 

Launch more innovative insurance products 

• Launched new insurance products - Smart Care 

Ultimate and Smart Care Essential in early 2021. 

• We have carried out market survey, product feasibility 

studies, planning, design, pricing and development 

prior to the launch of our new insurance products. 

Economic Target for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action plan 

To continue launching more innovative 

insurance products 

We wish to develop and launch more innovative products 

and services through our extensive market research. 

To increase customer base for existing and 

newly launched products 

To devise marketing strategy and collaboration with 

brand partners to promote introduction and sales of 

existing and new Insurtech products. 








 

11 

 

Environmental 

Objective 

We seek to be an environmentally aware and socially responsible corporation through integration of eco-friendly 

practices in our corporate strategies and decisions to minimise our ecological footprint. 

Approach 

With the disposal of e-Commerce business, V2Y engages mainly in Insurtech business and our direct 

environmental impact comprises of electrical usage and water usage at our office. Despite our direct ecological 

footprint being relatively small, we are committed to mitigate climate change and conserve resources by 

continuing monitoring our electricity and water usage to ensure that the resources are consumed on the need-

to and optimised basis. 

(a) Waste Management 

V2Y values the importance of protecting the environment by promoting environmental friendly practices in the 

Group. The Group encourages waste reducing practices through its 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) awareness 

and education initiatives. As we are in the Insurtech business, majority of the waste created by our operations 

is paper. In response to our national vision towards becoming a Zero Waste Nation and a Leading Green Economy, 

we are continuously exploring ways to integrate the value of 3Rs in our daily operations by reducing the usage 

of paper and implementing paperless initiatives. 

In FY2020, we have extended our corporate effort towards waste management by reducing paper usage through 

double-sided printing and reuse paper with single side printing. Besides that, we have implemented paperless 

operating environment by issuing e-invoice and e-statement to our customers. We also encourage e-payment 

in our daily operations. Through this efforts, we managed to reduce our office paper consumption. In FY2020, 

we consumed only 38.54kg of papers as compared to 250kg of papers in FY2019. In addition, we recycle used 

toner cartridge and papers through recycling vendors. We also encourage our staffs to use recyclable items to 

reduce plastic waste, such as carry a reusable lunchbox and cutlery, reusable bottle and paper bag.  

We believe that our efforts in overall waste management would not be 

possible without the corporate-wide efforts to comply to our waste 

management policies and procedures to ensure waste is properly 

segregated. We will continue to explore ways to extend our 

commitment to create a paper-less operating environment and to be a 

sustainable corporate. 

 

 

(b) Energy and Water Efficiency 

The Group endeavours to maximise our energy conservation efforts and reduce 

water wastage to minimise our ecological footprint. We have undertaken methods 

to improve energy efficiency by using motion-triggered lightings, maintaining air-

conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsius and using energy-efficient Light-

emitting diode (LED) light bulbs at our office. We have been constantly measuring 

the effectiveness of our efforts toward minimising energy and water consumption 

at our office. Aside from closely monitoring of our monthly utility consumption, we 

also made efforts to spread awareness and strongly encourage our employees to 

adopt good electricity and water saving habits by switching off lights and power 

points that are not in use, and stopping a running water tap. 

 






 

12 

 

Our Performance 

In FY2020, all environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in were adhered to and there 

were no fines or penalties incurred related to any non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

 

Our electricity consumption for office are as follows:  

 

 

Our water consumption for office are as follows: 

 

52386

13042

0

10000

20000

30000

40000

50000

60000

Total Consumption

Electricity usage at our office in 2019 and 2020

FY2019

FY2020

*The Group shared the office with the 

disposed companies from Apr to Oct 2020.

110.90 

46.20 

 -

 20.00

 40.00

 60.00

 80.00

 100.00

 120.00

Total Consumption

Water usage at our office in 2019 and 2020

FY2019

FY2020

*The Group shared the office with the 

disposed companies from Apr to Oct 2020.

(Cu M) 

(kWh) 


 

13 

 

 

In comparison to FY2019 performance, our electricity usage at our office has decreased from 52,386 kWh to 

13,042 kWh, mainly due to work from home arrangement as well as the shift to an office of a smaller size. As for 

our water usage, there was a decrease of usage from 111 Cu M in FY2019 to 46 Cu M in FY2020 mainly due to 

decrease of headcount in office during the COVID-19 period.  

Environmental Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Find an optimal, cost-effective and feasible way to 

monitor and track amount of packaging material and 

paper used and seek ways to reduce amount of 

waste by 5% by 2021  

Not applicable as it is related to the disposed e-

commerce group. 

Improve electricity and water efficiency by 2%  

Our electricity efficiency has been improved by 64% 

from 52,386 kWh usage in FY2019 to 13,042 kWh in 

FY2020 due to the circuit breaker period where our 

office operated at minimal level and switching to 

smaller unit office. Our office consumed lower water 

in FY2020 at 46 Cu M as compared with 111 Cu M in 

FY2019 due to minimal staff working in office during 

the COVID-19 period. 

Environmental Target for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action plan 

Maintain zero fines and penalties incurred for non-

compliance to the environmental law and 

regulations 

Adhere to the environmental laws and regulations 

as set by the authorities. 

Continue to improve electricity and water efficiency 

Setting a baseline on electricity and water 

consumption based on existing scale of business and 

employee 

working 

arrangement 

for 

future 

performance measurement. 

 

 

 

6.52

3.3

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

FY 2019

FY2020

Water usage per employee

3081.53

931.57

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

3500

FY 2019

FY 2020

Electricity usage per 

employee

# Based on total number of 17 employees in FY2019 and 14 employees in FY2020.  

(Cu M) 

(kWh) 


 

14 

 

Social 

Objective 

Corporate citizenship is a core component of our corporate responsibility strategy and we commit to conduct 

our business in a way that is ethical, friendly and beneficial to community. 

Approach 

We believe that every employee plays an important role in our Company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative working environment. We value the importance of our employees to ensure the sustainability of 

our business in the long term. As such, we have taken initiatives such as putting in place ethical labour practices, 

appreciating and rewarding our employees’ contribution to the Group as well as prioritising their health and 

safety above all. At V2Y, we show care and support for each other. 

(a) Talent Attraction and Retention 

Competitive and equitable remuneration 

To meet our business objectives, we strive to hire and retain talent who will enable us to maintain our 

competitive edge and expand in the market. At V2Y, talent is nurtured and rewarded. Our employees are 

engaged, challenged and empowered to perform to their highest potential. We also attract talents with 

competitive and equitable remuneration, staff benefit and welfare, as well as the opportunity to grow and 

develop. 

We are aware that employing the right people with necessary talents that suit the Group’s culture and structure 

can be a challenge. Therefore, we are also committed to retain existing talent as we greatly value their 

contributions and loyalty towards our Company. 

To retain existing talents and as well as to attract new talents, we provide all our employees with equal 

opportunities in terms of equitable remuneration, promotion and training on a meritocratic basis. We conduct 

formal and systematic performance appraisals annually to ensures that performance expectations, as well as 

results, are clearly communicated and discussed. The results of performance appraisals are also taken into 

account for their annual salary review. By doing so, it motivates our employee as their performance are 

rewarded based on our fair merit-based compensation system. Any expectations or results for the following year 

will also be clearly communicated to the employees during the appraisal. 

In order to remain competitive as well as in line with the manpower regulations, we review our salary range of 

our employees on periodic basis.  

Employee benefits and welfare 

All our employees are full time employees and are given flexible working schedule where they are allowed to 

vary their daily work start and end times to help them meet their demands in both professional and personal 

lives. We believe that giving our employees the freedom to work on flexible hours will boost employee 

satisfaction.  

We also adopt all benefits and welfare practices which conforms to the manpower legislations. In addition, our 

employees are given benefits and welfare such as outpatient/ dental expenses reimbursement, travel expenses 

claim and entertainment expenses reimbursement for managerial levels. 

Human rights and freedom of association 

We respect the principles of freedom of association, the right to collective bargaining, non-discrimination and 

harassment, meritocratic and progressive human resource practices, and advocates the elimination of forced or 

child labour. All employees under the Group are entitled to practise freedom of association within the regulatory 

limits of jurisdiction. 


 

15 

 

Diversity 

At V2Y, we believe that workplace diversity is the fundamental to professional and organisational development. 

We give great workplace diversity and equal opportunities to all our employees. The Group is committed to 

ensure that all our employees are treated fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of their gender, race, 

nationality and religion. We value everyone’s differences and learn from each other regardless of cultural 

background and bring those differences into the workplace to broaden experience and knowledge.  

 

Our hiring procedures are fair, merit-based and non-discriminative. We recruit employees based on their skills, 

experience and ability to perform the job regardless of their race, gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education 

and background. We adopt a firm stance against human rights infringement and discrimination to ensure a 

conducive work environment for our employees. 

 

(b) Occupational Health and Safety 

 

We recognise the importance of workplace free of occupational health and safety hazards is essential in 

upholding corporate image, greater staff retention, regulatory compliance, lower level of absenteeism and 

better cognitive performance. 

We cultivate a sense of responsibility for health, safety and well-being throughout the Group. To ensure that 

our employees adhere to the safety practices, workplace safety awareness and training are provided to all 

employees. In addition, fire extinguishers and first aid kits are placed at accessible locations in our office to 

safeguard against fire hazards. Moreover, fire drills are conducted regularly and our employees are trained on 

handling the fire extinguishers. All of our fire extinguishers are sent for annual servicing. Our employees are 

always reminded to keep the work premises clean, dry and free from physical hazard to avoid incidents of slips, 

trips and falls. They are also reminded to ensure that all equipment is turned off when not in use and at the end 

of each day.  

Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic globally and locally, the Group has taken prompt measures that are 

aligned with the government’s advisories to minimise the risk of infection. To protect our employees from the 

COVID-19 pandemic, we allow our employees to return to the office on a team rotation basis and encouraged 

our employees to continue working from home, where possible. We have also implemented COVID-19 safety 

measures such as social distancing and other health and safety measures as prescribed by the authorities at our 

workplace. In addition, we continue to encourage meeting to be conducted virtually via video or voice 

conferencing applications for all internal and external meeting, as we endeavour to do our part to protect the 

health and safety of our employees, customers, and the communities around us. We will continue to monitor 

closely on the situation of COVID-19 and follow the advisories given by the Ministry of Health and other 

government agencies. 

All our employees are covered under basic medical insurance and benefits programme, which insures them 

against any injury or illness that requires medical, surgical or hospital treatment, sustained in the course of 

employment.  

(c) Training and Development 

V2Y strongly believes that continuous training and upgrading for all our employees is crucial to our success. We 

constantly provide learning and development resources opportunities for our employees to develop the right 

competencies and skills through external, internal courses and on-the-job training.  This will enable us to stay 

relevant in the industry and at the same time improves our employees’ confidence and morale. 

In FY2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there were lesser training courses to attend. However, we managed 

to send 4 employees to attend the following training and development programmes and exam held by reputable 

training organisations as follows: 

 


 

16 

 

 

Course Programme 

Training service provider 

Number of employees 

General Insurance related 

Great Eastern General Insurance 

Limited 

1 

General Insurance related 

Etiqa Insurance Pte. Ltd. 

1 

Commercial General Insurance 

Singapore College of Insurance 

2 

 

We are pleased to report that in FY2020, we managed to clock over 32 hours in training and development.   

 

We understand the importance of training and development to equip our employees with the skills and 

knowledge required to discharge their roles and responsibilities as well as to contribute towards our goal to 

maintain a long-term sustainable business. 

We conduct formal and systematic performance appraisals annually for all our employees to identify gaps in 

knowledge and gather feedback from employees. In addition, it also allows us to communicate with our 

employees to better understand their needs and work out effective solutions to bridge the knowledge gaps 

through specialised training and development plans specially designed for them. Furthermore, with proper 

training plans, we will eventually invest in the right training and development programmes for the right 

employees.  

Our Performance 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of severe or fatal workplace injuries. We complied with manpower 

regulations and there were no reported incidents of child labour, forced or compulsory labour and discrimination 

in the reporting year. 

Our employee statistics are as follow: 

 

In FY2020, we employed 5 new employees and 8 employees resigned. 9 (64%) employees are male and 5 

(36%) employees are female. Most of our employees are aged between 31 to 50 years old which is 76% of our 

manpower. 

Social Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Extend certain staff benefits that were exclusive to 

Singapore’s operation to employees in overseas 

operations.  

Not applicable as it is related to the disposed e-

commerce group. 

Extending insurance coverage to employees in 

overseas operations.  

Not applicable as it is related to the disposed e-

commerce group. 

Provide more learning and development 

opportunities for employees by involving employees 

in industry conventions and seminars. 

Due to COVID-19 pandemic, most of the seminars 

and training were unable to be attended physically, 

64%

36%

Employees per gender

Male

Female

76%

24%

Employees per age group

31 to 50

50 and above


 

17 

 

management could only send staff for certain web-

based training and exam.  

Social Target for FY2021  

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

To continue providing training and development 

courses for employees 

Employees will be enrolled to work related classes 

such as Microsoft Office and insurance seminar.   

To maintain zero workplace incident reported 

Monitor and reduce any safety and health risks at 

workplace. 

 

Governance 

Objective 

We seek to establish our corporate image based on the foundation for good ethics and business conduct and 

our commitment to transparency and accountability to stakeholders.  

Approach 

(a) Corporate Governance, Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption 

We believe that corporate governance is the foundation to promote a sustainable business. To build a sound 

corporate governance, we understand that appropriate people, processes and structures are important to direct 

and manage the business and affairs of the Group. With corporate governance in place, we could maximise long-

term shareholder value, while taking into account of the interests of other stakeholders. We conduct our 

business with good ethics and efficient manner whilst adhering to the principles and guidelines of the Singapore 

Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and other applicable laws and regulations. 

Our Board and board committees comprise of directors with appropriate educational background, professional 

qualifications, and are equipped with core competencies such as accounting or finance, business or management 

experience, industry knowledge, legal and strategic planning experience. Our Board and board committees have 

an appropriate balance diversity of skills, experience, gender and knowledge of the industry. With balance 

diversity of Board and board committees, we could make quality decision-making with a wider range of 

perceptions and experience.  

We have incorporated our sustainability matters into the Group’s strategy formulations. Our Board meets at 

least twice a year to review and evaluate the key activities and business strategies of the Group. 

Key information of our Directors are available at the Board of Directors section of Annual Report. 

To foster trust and building confidence in our stakeholders and investors, we conduct our business through the 

application of ethical business practices. Management and all our employees are expected to understand, 

internalise and abide to the formulated Code of Conduct (“Code”) which sets out the guidelines and practices. 

The Code is found in our Staff Handbook, which is provided to all new employees during their orientation. 


 

18 

 

Anti-corruption 

V2Y does not tolerate corruption and fraud in any form. We have 

established zero tolerance towards corruption and fraud and this is 

evident in our formalised Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy, 

which is made available to all employees. We hold ourselves to the 

highest standards and maintain a strong stance against bribery and 

corruption. We always emphasise on ethical business conduct to all 

our employees and we expect them to uphold high ethical standards 

in accordance with the expectations set out in the Code of Business 

Ethics and Conduct policy. Formal disciplinary proceedings will be 

given to employees for any unethical conduct or malpractice relating 

to corruption or fraud. We are dedicated in conducting ourselves with 

utmost integrity. 

Whistleblowing 

V2Y has put in place a whistleblowing policy which provides a 

mechanism for employees to report any wrong-doing within the Group 

relating to unlawful conduct and malpractices in the workplace. Our 

accessible and independent whistleblowing channel, including direct 

access to the Audit Committee Chairman, allow employees to report 

any suspected wrongdoings in good faith and in confidence. We view 

any harassment or victimisation (including informal pressures) towards 

the whistle-blower seriously, and will take appropriate action to 

protect those who raise a concern in good faith. In addition, our open-

door policy also provides employees with channels to escalate any 

suspected wrongdoings to the management. 

Data protection and information confidentiality 

Due to the nature of our business, we view data protection and 

information confidentiality seriously. We are committed to protect 

our customers’ data and ensure that the information provided is 

always kept secured. In order to build our customers’ confidence 

towards us and to better serve them, we collect our customers’ 

personal data and anonymised data through several channels. This 

include upon registration for product activation or  purchase any of 

our services, etc. As we understand that earning and keeping users’ 

and customer trust is critical in the sustainability of our business, 

we have established our privacy policy on our corporate website to 

show our transparency and accountability to our stakeholders. Our 

privacy policy covers the following aspect of data protection: 

▪ 

Explains the types of information we collect; 

▪ 

When was the consent given for our collection of personal data; 

▪ 

When do we retain and use personal data; 

▪ 

When do we disclose personal data; 

▪ 

Importance of providing us accurate and complete personal data; 

▪ 

Opt-out procedure; and 

▪ 

Queries in relation to our privacy policy. 

Apart from making our privacy policy available to public through our corporate website, we have put in place 

reasonable security measures to protect personal data such as password protection, encryption, locked and 








 

19 

 

restricted access to only our authorised personnel on a need-to-know basis, and retaining personal data not 

longer than the necessary to fulfil the purposes of collection. 

We are committed to protect our stakeholders’ personal data and respecting their privacy through our 

compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012.  

(b) Enterprise Risk Management  

Enterprise risk management is the process of identifying and addressing methodically the potential events that 

represent risks to the achievement of strategic objectives, or to opportunities to gain competitive advantage. 

At V2Y, we promote risk management culture through having processes in place to identify and evaluate our 

risks, as well as monitoring and reporting to the Board the status and effectiveness of risks mitigation measures 

and strategy implementation. 

Management of risks and threats is important as our operations involve the collection of large volume of 

customer’s personal data. Furthermore, the constant flux of the business environment has fuelled a heightened 

need for organisations to identify, measure, prioritise and respond to the risks that threaten business objectives 

and operations. We are prudent in managing our risk-reward relationship. We carry out enterprise risk review 

annually to ensure that we account for new risks that arise as we seek new business opportunities. We will 

continue to monitor to ensure that the risks are kept within our risk appetite and implement suitable risk 

responses.  

Our Performance 

We have established a good corporate culture within the Group through our corporate governance and anti-

corruption programme. In FY2020, there is no incident of employee dismissal or disciplinary case for corruption 

and fraud. Furthermore, there was no whistleblowing report received against bribery and corruption in our 

business dealings, dishonest practices or other improprieties in the workplace. 

For the reporting period, we have complied with listing requirements and legal regulations and there were no 

fines or penalties levied on us for non-compliances.  

Governance Performance in FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incidents of bribery or corruptions  

Achieved. There was no reported incident of bribery 

or corruption. 

Zero non-compliance breaches  

Achieved. There was no reported case for non-

compliance breaches. 

Zero complaints received relating to breaches of 

customer privacy  

Achieved. There were no complaints received 

relating to breaches of customer privacy. 

Governance Target for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action plan 

Zero incidents of bribery or corruptions  

To continue our zero tolerance towards bribery and 

corruptions. 

Zero non-compliance breaches  

To continue our zero tolerance towards non-

compliance breaches. 

Zero complaints received relating to breaches of 

customer privacy  

To continue putting our effort and commitment 

towards protecting our customer personal data with 

zero complaints receive relating to breaches of 

customer privacy. 


 

20 

 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure 

No.  

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

1. 

Organisational 

profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

Page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report (“AR”) 2020 - Corporate 

Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

AR 2020 - Corporate Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR 2020 - Corporate Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR 2020 – Statistics of Shareholdings 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR 2020 - Corporate Profile 

AR 2020 - Notes to Financial 

Statements (Segmental Information) 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

AR 2020 - Financial Review 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Page 16 

102-9 

Supply chain 

AR 2020 - Chairman’s Message 

AR 2020 - CEO’s Message 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain 

AR 2020 - Corporate Profile 

AR 2020 - Chairman’s Message 

AR 2020 - CEO’s Message 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Page 17 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

2. Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 1 

3. Ethics and 

integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour 

Page 3 

 

4. Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 3 

5. Stakeholder 

engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 4 

6. Reporting 

practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR 2020 - Corporate Structure 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 5 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

30 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Page 2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 21-22 

102-56 

External assurance 

No external assurance sought for this 

sustainability report 

 

 


 

21 

 

 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure 

No.  

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

GRI201: 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

AR 2020 - Consolidated Statement of 

Profit or Loss and Other 

Comprehensive Income 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Page 18 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Page 19 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organisation 

Page 12 

GRI 303: Water 

303-5 

Water consumption 

Page 13 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Page 12 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

Page 16 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees 

Page 15 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety 

Page 16 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programs 

Page 16 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Page 17 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Page 17 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

418-01 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data 

Page 19 

 

