
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Sustainability Report 2020 

 


 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

Page 

 

 

Board Statement 

1 

Organisational Profile 

3 

Our Business Model 

Mission and Vision 

4 

5 

About The Report 

6 

Supply Chain Management 

7 

Community 

8 

Ethics and Integrity 

11 

Governance Structure 

13 

Stakeholder Engagement 

14 

Materiality Assessment 

16 

Material Topics 

17 

Economic Performance 

18 

Occupational Health and Safety 

20 

Talent Management 

22 

Environmental Protection 

26 

Regulatory and Legal Compliance 

27 

Global Reporting Initiative Index 

28 

 


 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

Vallianz Holdings Limited ("Vallianz" or the "Company" and together with our subsidiaries, the 

"Group") is pleased to present our Sustainability Report (the "Report") for the financial year 

ended 31 March 2020 ("FY2020"), which is the third published report.  

 

Our report demonstrates to our stakeholders our commitment to creating a sustainable 

business model, where adopting the best sustainable practices in economics, environment, 

social and governance ("EESG") topics are fundamental to our business. 

 

The Board has been involved in the Group's sustainability efforts by actively overseeing 

Management's responsibilities of identifying, managing and monitoring material EESG topics. 

As such, the Group will continue to address our challenges and drive long-term growth while 

mitigating the environmental and social risks that might have a negative financial impact on 

our business. 

 

While we have incorporated a sustainability philosophy and mindset within our business, we 

understand the additional need to articulate and convey to our stakeholders and the public 

such efforts. We hope that this report would achieve such an objective. 

 

The year 2020 has been an extraordinary time for us at Vallianz, as much as they have been 

for everyone else.  It started with the devastating bushfires raging across Australia. It was 

followed by regional tensions in the Middle East. Thereafter, it was followed by the worst 

pandemic in recent history that killed more than 1 million people so far and has completely 

changed our lives. 

 

Demand for crude oil trickled as lockdown measures by governments worldwide to contain 

the spread of COVID-19 limit travel and reduce business activities. This unprecedented decline 

in worldwide oil consumption sent crude oil prices plummeting to a low in April 2020. The 

Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and its allies have reacted by cutting 

crude oil production to support oil prices and reduce inventories build-up caused by the 

COVID-19 pandemic. In the wake of deepening market uncertainty, exploration and 

production companies have been lowering activities and deferring projects as they cut their 

planned expenditures and investments. This, in turn, is adversely affecting the demand for 

oilfield services in the supply chain. 

 

We will continue to strengthen our network in the Middle East region during this challenging 

period to prepare the Group for a recovery in offshore activities when the time comes. 

Simultaneously, as we pursue our business development plans, we are also keeping a close 

watch on operational costs and continually working to enhance the Group's operational 

efficiency. 

 


 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

Moving forward, the Board will continue to support the Group to create long-term value for 

our stakeholders through responsible business practices for a sustainable future. 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vallianz is an established provider of OSVs and integrated offshore marine solutions to the oil 

and gas industry. The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and 

listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST"). 

Vallianz's controlling shareholder is Rawabi Holding Company Limited ("Rawabi"), which owns 

56.77% of the shares. Rawabi is a company that provides products and services to a diversified 

range of key industries and headquartered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  For more 

information on the shareholdings, please refer to page 153 of the FY2020 annual report.  

The Group is headquartered in Singapore. Its core business activities are vessel ownership, 

chartering, brokering and the provision of complementary vessel management services in the 

Middle East, North Africa, Central Asia and Southeast Asia.  

In FY2020, Vallianz owns and operates a fleet of 61 Offshore Support Vessels ("OSV"), while 

our associate, PT Vallianz Offshore Maritim, owns and operates another 9 OSVs.  

 

 

 

 


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

OUR BUSINESS MODEL  

 

 

 

 

 

 

• With 61 OSVs with an average age of 6.8 years and another 9 OSVs under our 

associate, the Group currently serves offshore oil and gas projects in Middle 

East, North Africa, Central Asia and Southeast Asia.  

• We are constantly assessing various plans to expand the size and range of our 

vessels to enhance our market competitiveness.

Vessel Owners

• The Group charters its offshore support vessels to customers throughout

various stages of their offshore oil and gas exploration, development and

production projects. They are used in activities that include seismic surveys

during the exploration phase, positioning of rigs during the development of the

oil and gas fields, towing, mooring and handling of ship anchors and

transportation of supplies during the production period and the removal of rig

structures at de-commissioning.

Chartering

• The Group provides a suite of vessel management services for both owned

vessels and third party vessels. The Group is able to manage and operate a

diverse range of vessels deployed in different phases of offshore oil and gas

operations. Its services include crewing, procurement, vessel repair and

maintenance, and facilitating port and documentation clearance.

Vessel 

Management

• The

Group

also

provides

brokering

services

that

match

customers’

requirements. This includes sourcing for vessels,

arranging

for

assist tugs

and/or harbour movements, making initial contact with vessel owners or vessel

buyers, acting as an intermediary between (a) the vessel owner and the

charterer for towage, time and bareboat charters and (b) the seller and buyer of

vessels, and assisting with the drafting of related agreements and negotiations.

Brokering

Vessel 

Ownership  

With 62 OSVs with an 

average age of 4.9 years 

and another 14 OSVs 

under our associate, the 

Vessel 

Management 

The Group provides a 

diversified range of 

vessel management 

services, which can be 

Brokering  

 

The relieve customers 

the difficulties and 

perplexities of 

buying/selling vesselsOur 


 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

MISSION AND VISION 

 

We aspire to become a leading provider of offshore marine services in the global energy 

markets and be our customers' preferred partner and strive for service excellence by ensuring 

safe, reliable and efficient vessel operations with a best-in-class fleet to support the offshore 

oil and gas industry. 

We believe in the following 5 TRADEmark values which we instill in all our employees: 

 

 

We are trusted for our integrity, honesty, reliability, fairness and sincerity 

in our work with our partners, customers and employees.

Trust

We respect and value each other's views. We respect the laws of the 

countries we operate in and the confidentiality of information provided by 

our clients and employees. We win as a team.

Respect

We affirm and recognise the contributions made by our partners, clients 

and employees to the success of our business. We value our employees, 

encourage their contributions and develop them to their fullest potential. 

We practice the 101% principle in affirmation - finding the 1% we can 

affirm, and giving it 100% of our attention.

Affirmation

We are determined to succeed and will always rise up to any challenge. 

We are known for our resolve in solving any problems faced by us or our 

clients and partners.

Determination

We excel in everything that we do and are committed to delivering jobs of 

the highest quality, exceeding our customers' expectations.

Excellence


 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

This report is prepared in compliance with Catalist Rules 711A, 711B and Practice Note 7F 

Sustainability Reporting Guide of the SGX-ST and Global Reporting Initiatives ("GRI") 

Standards: Core option, the universally recognized guideline in disclosing material 

sustainability matters.  

 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

This report covers information for FY2020 from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 and addresses 

the Group's approach towards EESG issues.  

 

ACCESSIBILITY AND FEEDBACK 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, the Group will not be printing this 

sustainability 

report. 

This 

report 

will 

be 

made 

available 

for 

download 

at 

http://www.vallianzholdings.com/ir.html 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and look forward to your feedback. Please 

send feedback and inquiries to http://www.vallianzholdings.com/contact.html. 

 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

Independent assurance has not been sought for this report.   

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

 

At Vallianz, we integrate our sustainability strategy of the EESG material topics into our value 

and supply chain.  This takes into account our desire to achieve efficient business operations 

and stakeholders' interests in our operations and on sustainability issues.  

 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain by setting clear standards for our 

business supply partners. By applying it into our supply chain management, we strengthen 

the selection process of suppliers, monitor risks in the priority areas of our supply chain and 

work closely with suppliers to drive social and environmental change in order to take strides 

towards a more sustainable platform. By improving the oversight of our supply chain, we can 

identify opportunities to streamline and reduce costs, protect our reputation and the safety 

of our customers. 

 

The diagram below shows the procurement process of the Group:  

 

 

 

In FY2020, there were no significant events that warranted the board members' attention 

that may have led to cessation or termination of our current relationship with any of our 

major suppliers. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Shortlist 

categories 

for tender 

process





Quotations 

obtained 

from a 

vendor





Selection 

of vendors 

are based 

on factors 

such as 

quality, 

service 

level and 

price





Supply 

Agreement 

in place





Raising  

relevant 

Purchase 

Order/  

Blanket 

Order





Send the 

order to 

the vendor


 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

COMMUNITY 

 

 

 

 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

 

The health and safety of staff and visitors is our prime concern. During this period of the 

COVID-19 pandemic, the Singapore office has adopted the following measures since February 

2020. The measurements were updated from time to time following advisory from the 

Ministry of Manpower (MOM).   

 

Temperature screening and health and travel declarations are mandatory for all employees 

and visitors entering the office.   

 

Following the temperature taking and declarations, the following persons will not be allowed 

entry: 

 

• Anyone who has been in contact with any person who is a confirmed case of COVID-19 in 

the past 14 days; or 

• Anyone currently having fever / flu-like symptoms. 

 

 

 





 


 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

In addition, the Singapore office has implemented the following: 

 

• A core COVID-19 committee was set up, led by the Vice-Chairman and CEO, to plan and 

manage the pandemic; 

• Employees were required to work from home as a default; 

• Split team arrangements and staggered working hours were implemented for employees 

who need to work in the office; 

• There is a monitoring plan to ensure compliance with the Safe Management Measures; 

• Safe Management Officers were appointed to assist in the implementation, coordination 

and monitoring of Safe Measurement Measures at the workplace; 

• Sufficient masks, hand sanitizer and disinfectant sprays were prepared for all employees; 

• Employees and visitors to the office must declare via SafeEntry before being allowed to 

enter the office;  

• Employees and visitors are required to wear masks at all times and are constantly 

reminded to keep a safe distance of 1 meter apart;  

• Office cleaning measures; and  

• Management of unwell and infected cases. 

 

All employees are reminded to take the following safety precautions as advised by Ministry 

of Health (“MOH”): 

 

• Avoid contact with live animals including poultry and birds and consumption of raw and 

undercooked meats; 

• Avoid crowded places and close contact with people who are unwell or showing 

symptoms of illness; 

• Observe good personal hygiene; 

• Practice frequent hand washing with soap (e.g., before handling food or eating, after 

going to the toilet, or when hands are dirtied by respiratory secretions after coughing or 

sneezing); and 

• Seek immediate medical attention promptly if one is feeling unwell. 

 

Care Corner Singapore 

 

Over the years, Vallianz regularly organized the annual Lunar New Year dinner for the Seniors 

of Care Corner Senior Services Ltd ("CCSS"). 2020 marks the 9th year of partnering with CCSS, 

which operates a total of six Senior Activity Centres – five in Toa Payoh and one in Woodlands. 

However, in the year 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Vallianz was unfortunately unable 

to organize the annual Chinese New Year dinner with the elderlies of Care Corner. In this 

challenging time, Vallianz is even more committed to ensuring that the elderlies of Care 

Corner continue to be well taken care of.  

 


 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

Vallianz continues to support the daily hot meals program, ensuring that elderlies of Care 

Corner have access to nutritious and delicious food. Food hampers containing essential items 

had been distributed to the elderlies as a token of support during this uncertain period. 

Mooncakes were distributed to the elderlies during the Mid-Autumn Festival. The Vallianz 

team hopes that with these gestures, the residents of Care Corner will be able to enjoy the 

festivals in the comfort of their own homes. 

 

Blood Donation Campaign 2019 

 

We are committed to our local community. We believe in inspiring our employees to give 

back wholeheartedly in response to the community's evolving needs.  

 

Every quarter, Rawabi's Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") Department, with the support 

and cooperation of Eithar Foundation for Promoting Organ Donation and the Regional Blood 

Bank in Dammam, organized a Blood Donation Campaign in August 2019 as part of Rawabi 

CSR's Corporate Community Service Program, which aims to facilitate blood donation by our 

employees by bringing the blood bank staff and facilities to the workplace and making it easy 

for employees to donate during working hours. The campaign also aims to support local 

hospitals with blood supply during high seasons such as The Holy Month of Ramadan, Hajj–

pilgrimage season and summer vacations. 

 

These campaigns take place in all the Business Units locations, of which our employees from 

the Company's subsidiary, Rawabi Vallianz Offshore Services Company Limited ("RVOS"), 

were involved and blood is collected from employees, their family members, friends and 

employees from nearby companies. Donors from Rawabi receive volunteer points for each 

donation they make and get rewarded on a yearly basis according to their points during the 

Community Service Appreciation Ceremony, attended by the Chairman of the Rawabi Group 




 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

and Management teams from all companies under the Rawabi Group. Rewards are financial 

donations made on their behalf to a charity of their selection. 

 

152 donors successfully donated 85.6 litres of blood to needy patients.   

 

 

 

 

 

The Warmth of Giving Campaign  

 

Rawabi's CSR Department launched the Warmth of Giving Campaign in December 2019 as an 

initiative to relieve those in need from suffering during the winter by providing jackets, gloves, 

ice caps, scarves and warm socks. The targeted beneficiaries included street workers and less 

privileged individuals. Thanks to our employees' participation and support, we were able to 

secure 172 winter bags with a total cost of SAR 5000 (US$1,333). 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

WHISTLEBLOWING 

 

Vallianz has zero-tolerance for fraud, bribery and corruption, and the Group has established 

a whistleblowing policy to ensure the Group's business is conducted ethically and complies 

with the best practices set out in the Group's policies.  

 

A whistleblowing channel has been established to allow employees to gain direct access to 

the Audit Committee. By doing so, all stakeholders in the Group can be assured that all reports 

or suspicions of potential breaches of the Group's Employee Guidelines are well managed.  

 

We are pleased to share that no whistleblowing reports were received for FY2020 and there 

were no reported incidents concerning anti-corruption and anti-fraud regulations for FY2020. 

 

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY  

 

We ensure that all our business units comply with all laws and regulations in the 

environmental, social and economic boundaries, such as related environmental regulations, 

labor laws, personal data security regulations, employment regulations and income tax laws. 

Any material breaches of laws or rules could create a significant impact and result in 

irreversible reputational damage to the Group. In view of this, the Group is committed to 

adhere to high corporate governance standards, ensuring compliance with all applicable laws 

and regulations.  

 

The Group manages the risk of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations by having 

clear policies and procedures that state all employees' responsibilities and obligations and 

senior Management.  

 

CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY  

 

Our conflict of interest policy has been reviewed periodically, which would be communicated 

to all key management staff. Every key management staff is required to promptly disclose any 

conflict of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction or proposed 

transaction with the Group as soon as is practicable after the relevant facts have come to 

his/her knowledge. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance practices 

throughout the Group that aligns with the Code of Corporate Governance 2018. The Board 

will ensure that there is compliance with the other relevant regulations, notices, circulars and 

guidelines that may be issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") and the SGX-

ST.  Explanations will be provided should there be any deviations.  

 

The Board manages potential risks through the review and approval of policies and 

procedures. The Management then ensures that the identified risks are relevant to the 

business environment and ensures controls or mitigating topics are in place.  The Audit 

Committee of the Company provides independent oversight of the effectiveness of the risk 

management process. 

 

The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and finance, 

business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning and legal knowledge.  Where 

appropriate, the Directors receive relevant briefings from time to time on new updates in 

relation to regulatory changes to accounting standards, listing rules, corporate governance 

and other regulations or statutory requirements. 

 

The independent and non-executive directors of the Company constructively challenge and 

assist in developing proposals on strategy, helping the Board in reviewing the performance of 

Management in meeting the agreed goals and objectives and monitoring the reporting of 

performance.  Meetings are held regularly to discuss any matters without the presence of 

Management as and when circumstances require. 

 

Each key executive at the Group's leadership is highly experienced in this industry and 

collectively as a whole, are able to handle all operational matters of the Group competently. 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We prioritize our stakeholders for engagement based on the significance of their influence on 

our business and our dependency on them. We engage our key stakeholders regularly to 

ensure two-way communication, and this is summarised in the table below: 

Stakeholders 

Method of Engagement 

Key Topics of Concern 

STAKEHOLDERS 

COMMUNICATION CHANNELS 

STAKEHOLDER FOCUS 

Customers 

• 

Feedback channels including 

emails and hotlines 

• 

Site visits  

• 

Informal feedback sessions 

 

• 

Excellent service 

• 

Economic performance  

• 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Suppliers 

• 

Regular meetings and dialogue 

sessions 

• 

Supplier evaluations 

• 

HSE questionnaires for key 

contractors 

• 

Good relationship 

• 

Fair market practices 

• 

Timely payments 

• 

Prospects of business growth 

 

Employees 

• 

Induction program for new 

employees 

• 

Company events 

• 

Informal feedback channels 

• 

Performance appraisals 

 

• 

Fair employment practices 

• 

Opportunities to learn and grow 

• 

Recognition of efforts 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

Shareholders and 

financial investors 

• 

Annual general meetings 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Half and full-year results 

announcements 

• 

SGXNet announcements 

• 

Shareholder circulars 

 

• 

Financial Performance 

• 

Investment returns 

• 

Transparency and timely 

reporting 

Government and 

regulators  

• 

Participation in discussions and 

consultations 

• 

Seminars by local government 

agencies 

 

• 

Adherence to laws and 

regulations 

• 

Timely reporting of issues  

• 

Sharing of industry best 

practices 

 

Community 

• 

Community outreach activities  

• 

Engagement with community 

projects and charities 

• 

Social responsibility 

• 

Environmental responsibility 

 

Feedback from our key stakeholders form a crucial part of our strategic and business planning 

and is viewed as valuable insights for the Group to continuously improve its sustainability 

performance. The material topics were evaluated in FY2020 for its potential impact on the 

environment and society, its influence on the stakeholders, and its impact on the Group's 

operations.  


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

The Board and senior management aim to conduct an annual review of the Group's material 

topics as well as monitor the performance of the issues as part of the Group's sustainability 

strategy. 

 

 




 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Group adopts a four-step process to define the material topics: 

 

 

 

Based on the Group's internal assessment where there were no significant changes in the 

business and the operating environment, the Board is of the opinion that the materiality 

assessment from FY2018 continues to be valid and relevant for the Group in FY2020. 

 

Identification

• Identify material 

topics that are 

important to the 

Group.

Prioritisation

• Prioritise material 

topics under the 

respective GRI 

Topic-specific 

Standards and 

identifies key 

sustainablity topics to 

be reported upon.  

Validation

• Validate 

completeness of the 

key sustainability 

topics to finalise 

report content.

Review

• Re-examine the 

material topics taking 

into consideration 

changing business 

landscape and 

emerging trends.


 

 

17 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

Management re-evaluated the topicsin FY2020, and all topics were deemed to be material to 

the Group. As such, the Management recommended to the Board the same topics to be the 

material topics to be reported in FY2020. 

 

Topic 

Description 

Target 

Economic 

Performance 

(GRI 201-1) 

Our economic performance, the 

value generated and distributed to 

communities where our business 

operates. 

• 

To maintain our competitive edge 

and continue to deliver sustainable 

growth through securing longterm 

charter contracts and focusing 

efforts on driving new service 

innovations and business offerings. 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

(GRI 403-9) 

Safety is an essential part of our 

operations, and we continuously 

strive to improve our safety 

practices. 

• 

Remain focused on operating safely 

and healthily to ensure that no 

employees will be inflicted with 

severe accidents or injuries. 

• 

Comply with the safety laws and 

regulations. 

 

Talent 

Management  

(GRI 404-1) 

Employees are our greatest asset. 

We undertake fair employment 

practices to achieve a diverse and 

inclusive environment for our 

employees.   

 

• 

To provide equal employment 

opportunities, regardless of age and 

gender. 

• 

To retain exceptional employees 

and to create a higher-performing 

workforce. 

Environmental  

Protection 

(GRI 307-1) 

Environmental 

protection 

is 

paramount to our sustainability 

efforts. The Group is committed to 

adopting environmentally efficient 

and sustainable business methods, 

such as sourcing from ethically and 

environmentally friendly suppliers 

and ensuring no violation of various 

regional environmental laws and 

regulations where we operate in.  

 

• 

Continuous 

improvements 

in 

energy 

efficiency 

and 

energy 

management. 

• 

Comply 

with 

the 

local 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations.  

Regulatory and 

Legal Compliance  

(GRI 419-1) 

Measures in place to ensure that 

there are no significant fines 

incurred by the Company and that 

the Company is in full compliance 

with the laws and regulations in 

place, and impact to stakeholders 

negligible and non-adverse. 

 

• 

Adhere to Company's zero-tolerance 

policy towards fraud, corruption and 

unethical actions. 

• 

Comply and maintain the relevant 

legal rules and regulations. 


 

 

18 | P a g e 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

 

 

* On 24 January 2019, the Company completed a share consolidation exercise to consolidate every thirty (30) existing ordinary shares into 

one (1) ordinary share. The weighted average number of ordinary shares and total number of shares issued for FY2018 have been restated 

for the purpose of the calculation of earnings per share and net asset value per share. 

 

 

The Group's revenue in FY2020 edged up to US$188.6 million from US$184.5 million in FY2019. 

This was driven mainly by higher revenue from core chartering and brokerage business, which 

benefited from incremental revenue contribution from new vessel charter contracts. 

 

Amid a highly competitive landscape for offshore support vessel providers, the Group still 

chalked up an increase in revenue from chartering and brokerage services to US$179.4 million 

in FY2020 from US$167.1 million in FY2019. This performance was buoyed primarily by the 

Group's long-term vessel charter contracts with a Group's key customer in the Middle East. 

The chartering and brokerage services business accounted for 95% of the Group's revenue in 

FY2020 compared to 91% of the Group's revenue in FY2019. The remaining 5% of revenue 

was derived mainly from the provision of vessel management services. 

 

As announced by the Company on 16 April 2020, the Group's controlling shareholder Rawabi 

had assigned its 50% economic rights in Rawabi Vallianz  International   Company  Limited 




 

 

19 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



("RVIC"), which is the Group's 50%-owned joint venture company in the Middle East, to 

Vallianz Investment Capital Pte Ltd ("VIC") with effect from 1 October 2019.  

 

Since RVIC is being treated as a wholly-owned subsidiary following the 50% economic rights 

assignment in RVIC by RHC to the Company with effect from 1 October 2019,  the Group has 

consolidated RVIC's financial results. This reflects the better operating gross profit margin of 

the chartering and brokerage business, where the cost of sales will reflect the depreciation of 

the Group's vessels instead of accounting for the financing obligations of RVIC as the cost of 

sales. 

 

In light of the prevailing challenges and prolonged downturn in the offshore and marine 

market, the Group conducted an in-depth evaluation of its vessels and the recoverability of 

prepayments. As a result of this evaluation, the Group recorded impairments to property, 

plant and equipment of US$53.1 million and prepayments written-off of US$20.9 million in 

FY2020. There was also a compensation for late delivery of vessels of US$26.2 million and fair 

value loss on derivative financial instruments of US$3.4 million. In total, the Group recorded 

exceptional items of US$103.6 million in FY2020. 

 

As a result of the exceptional items, higher finance cost and lower gross profit in FY2020, the 

Group posted a net loss attributable to owners of the Company of US$134.9 million compared 

to a net loss of US$128.2 million in FY2020.


 

 

20 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

At Vallianz, the safety of our employees is our utmost priority. We are committed to providing 

a safe and healthy environment for all our employees, especially our seafarers and workers 

working on the ships and the shipyards. Our investment in improving Occupational, Health 

and Safety (OHS) policies and practices continues to be unabated. This strong focus on safety 

serves as an enduring and differentiating competitive advantage.  

 

We operate in conformation with the various internationally recognized standards and codes, 

including ISO 9001: 2015, OHSAS 18001: 2007, ISO 14001: 2015 and the International Safety 

Management (ISM) Code. The ISM code is the International Maritime Organization (IMO) 

requirement for safe management and operation of ships and pollution prevention. 

Compliance with local legislation relating to health and safety standards are in place. 

Following the latest changes, we are in the process of converting from OHSAS 18001: 2007 to 

ISO 45001: 2018 in line with industry standards in the year 2020. 

 

OHSAS refers to the Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series, which is a British 

Standard for occupational health and safety management systems; while International Safety 

Management (ISM) Code is an international standard for the safe operation of ships and for 

pollution prevention. 

 

 


 

 

21 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

We have in place a Company Safety Management System ("SMS") with policies and 

procedures based on these codes, standards and local legislation. This applies to both our 

ship and shipyard operations. The SMS is periodically reviewed by senior management to 

ensure the relevancy and adequacy for the Group. 

 

We keep track of the number of occupational incidents to continuously reduce the number 

of preventable incidents occurring each year. There were two (2) incidents in 2019, both 

involving our vessels. The first incident was a grounding incident where the vessel could float 

itself on the next tide without sustaining any damage. The second incident was due to a 

leakage in the cooling line system, which caused the vessel's bow thruster to shut down. 

Response to the incidents was managed promptly and there were no injuries or casualties. 

 

Beside the two above-mentioned incidents, there were no fatalities and high consequence 

work-related injuries in the workplace for the reporting period. Moving forward, we hope to 

achieve zero safety-related incidents in FY2021 and beyond.  

We believe that the way to achieve our zero-incident target and long-term sustainability is 

our occupational health and safety effort to focus on prevention measures. These include 

well-designed vessels and workplaces, competent staff and crew, good policies and 

procedures, and committed leadership. That is our commitment. 

 

 


 

 

22 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

TALENT MANAGEMENT  

 

 

At Vallianz, we strive to optimize our available talent pool. We are continually looking to add 

talent from outside our organization to add greater strength and depth to our overall human 

resources.  This is a cornerstone of the Group's long-term human resources strategy. 

 

To develop and strengthen our overall human resources framework, we continuously explore 

competitive compensation and retention schemes and re-skilling and up-skilling programs to 

offer our employees a vibrant, inclusive and progressive career with Vallianz. 

 

OUR WORKFORCE 

 

We recruit dynamic individuals from diverse backgrounds and provide employees with equal 

opportunities to discover their full potential. We believe that maintaining a culture of two-

way communications in the workplace is essential for enhancing employee engagement, 

building effective teams and fostering a better work environment for all. 

 

The employees in the Group can be classified as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

By Employment Contract 

 

Permanent 

Temp / Contract 

Total 

Male  

331 

65 

396 

Female 

73 

9 

82 

Total 

404 

74 

478 


 

 

23 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES  

 

At Vallianz, we strongly advocate fair employment practice and provide equal employment 

opportunities to achieve a fair working environment, regardless of age and gender. Human 

resource planning ensures that only suitable candidates are hired for the jobs through our 

adequate recruitment and selection process. The Group embraces diversity and we recognize 

the importance of creating an all-inclusive environment where our employees can treat each 

other respectfully, honestly and equally.  

 

APPRAISALS AND EVALUATION  

 

The Group conducts a performance review with all employees on an annual basis. This process 

enables us to assess and evaluate every individual's abilities and recognize employees' 

contributions and efforts. With a better understanding of our employees' capabilities and 

progress, we can provide them with opportunities for personal development and career 

advancement through training and promotions.  

We believe in a robust and fair reward system to motivate our employees to achieve 

performance targets aligned with the Group's business objectives. Employees are rewarded 

accordingly when the specific targets are met. The Group treasures talent and aims to retain 

productive employees with the relevant skills and positive work attitude.  

 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

 

  

 

 



 

By Region 

 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Saudi Arabia 

Total 

Male  

46 

151 

199 

396 

Female 

27 

34 

21 

82 

Total 

73 

185 

220 

478 

 

By Employment Type 

 

Full-Time 

Part-Time 

Total 

Male  

396 

0 

396 

Female 

82 

0 

82 

Total 

478 

0 

478 

 


 

 

24 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

We recognize that our people underpin our operational and safety excellence around the 

world. Hence, we continue to develop our human capital and cultivate a deep pool of talent 

that shares our core values to take Vallianz forward while ensuring their safety and welfare. 

We also review and improve our systems annually to entrench a culture of excellence and 

best practice for all employees – onshore and offshore. We do this with a robust training 

calendar to continually improve and broaden our employees' skillsets, reinforce safety 

awareness and instill a shared sense of corporate values.  

 

The Group provides all employees with training opportunities to perform their job duties 

efficiently whenever necessary, with 997 hours recorded for FY2020. The total training hours 

provided to employees in the Group are classified as follows: 

 

FY2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FY2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We invest in the training of our people for them to achieve their full potential. We also offer 

our talented employees opportunities to take on more challenging postings and transfers to 

groom them for greater responsibilities.  

 

At Vallianz, we encourage lifelong learning among our employees to embrace the changes 

and prepare themselves in this ever-changing and dynamic industry. The Group does not have 

any specific target for training hours as we only believe in retaining exceptional employees in 

our ranks. Employees will be sent for training whenever necessary to improve their skill sets. 

 

 

Training Hours 

 

Non-Executive 

Executive 

Total 

Male  

641 

120 

761 

Female 

216 

20 

236 

Total 

857 

140 

997 

 

Training Hours 

 

Non-

Executive 

Executive 

Total 

Male  

94 

191 

285 

Female 

6 

69 

75 

Total 

100 

260 

360 


 

 

25 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 






 

 

26 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

Operating in the OSV and chartering industry, Vallianz remains dedicated to our long-term 

responsibility to protect the environment. We consistently review our policies and practices 

to optimize energy, water and waste management within the Group. Through energy-

efficient practices and adhering to the principles of "Reduce, Reuse and Recycle." Vallianz 

conducts the business in a sustainable manner. 

 

 

 

We actively reiterate the significance of environmental conservation to our workforce and 

have implemented several policies to reduce the amount of waste produced. For instance, 

we encourage our employees to print all the hardcopies in double-sided instead of single-

sided in our workplaces and recycling/reuse  used materials wherever possible.  

 

We actively monitor our operations and processes to remove potential sources of waste and 

leakages. Additionally, we have incorporated energy conservation measures in our standard 

operating procedures throughout the Group and follow best practices such as switching off 

our air-conditioning units and lights during non-working hours. 

 

 

We are pleased to announce that there were no reports/incidences of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations for FY2020, and we aim to maintain this for FY2021 and 

beyond.  

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

27 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

REGULATORY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE 

 

 

Vallianz is committed to complying with fundamental laws and regulations as we operate in 

the highly regulated OSV and chartering industries. Besides establishing whistleblowing and 

anti-corruption policies, we also have a legal policy that states the Group's commitment to 

conduct business with integrity, fairness, impartiality, ethically and adequately. 

 

We monitor periodically for our existing customers and vendors. This ensures that we stay 

vigilant and remain up to date with the latest international sanction requirements.  

 

Our compliance guidelines and policy requirements are aligned with industry standards and 

requirements. Also, we focus on our community responsibilities as corporate citizens. We 

take these responsibilities very seriously, including paying our fair share of taxes, corporate 

income taxes and social contributions. Our commitment to these responsibilities is also 

embodied in our corporate culture. Tax payments to the relevant authorities are in 

accordance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, rules and regulations.  

 

We are pleased to report that there was no reportable non-compliance to the local anti-

corruption laws and regulations across the Group in FY2020, and we aim to maintain zero 

violation of the laws and regulations for FY2021 and beyond.   

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

28 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standards/ Disclosures 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

3 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3 - 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

3 

102-4 Location of operations 

3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

3 

102-6 Markets served 

3 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

6 - 8, 17 &amp; 56-57 of  Annual Report 2020  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

22 - 24 

102-9 Supply chain  

7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

13 - 14 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there are no externally 

developed economic, environmental and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives to which 

Vallianz subscribes, or which it endorses within 

the scope of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable  

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

1 - 2 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

5, 12 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

13 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

14 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees within the scope 

of this report are not covered by collective 

bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

14 

102-43 approach to stakeholder engagement 

14 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

17 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2020 – Notes to Financial 

Statements (Subsidiaries) 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

16 

102-47 List of material topics 

17 

102-48 Restatements of information 

 

 

 

None 


 

 

29 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 Reporting period 

6 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

31 August 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

6 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

6 

102-55 GRI content index 

28 - 29 

102-56 External assurance 

6 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

16 - 27 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

16 - 27 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

16 - 27 

201-1  Direct economic value generated and distributed 

56 - 57, Annual Report 2020 – Consolidated 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other 

Comprehensive Income 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

12, 27 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

26 

 

 

403-9 Work-related injuries 

20 - 21 

 

 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

22 - 24 

419-1  Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

 

27 

 

 

 

 

