


 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2021  

 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

 

Contents 

BOARD STATEMENT ........................................................................................................... 2 

ORGANIZATION PROFILE ................................................................................................... 3 

OUR BUSINESS ................................................................................................................... 4 

MISSION AND VISION ......................................................................................................... 5 

ABOUT THE REPORT .......................................................................................................... 6 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 7 

RESPONSE TO COVID-19 ................................................................................................... 8 

COMMUNITY ........................................................................................................................ 9 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY .................................................................................................. 10 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE ............................................................................................ 11 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ....................................................................................... 12 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ........................................................................................... 14 

MATERIAL TOPICS ............................................................................................................ 14 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ..................................................................................... 20 

TALENT MANAGEMENT .................................................................................................... 24 

REGULATORY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE ...................................................................... 27 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX ......................................................................... 28 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

Vallianz Holdings Limited (“Vallianz” or the “Company” and together with our subsidiaries, 

the “Group” or “Vallianz Group”) is pleased to present our Sustainability Report (the “Report”) 

for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”).  

 

Our report demonstrates to our stakeholders our commitment to creating a sustainable 

business model, where adopting the best sustainable practices in economics, environment, 

social and governance (“EESG”) practices are fundamental to our business. 

 

The Board has been involved in the Group’s sustainability efforts by actively overseeing 

Management’s responsibilities of identifying, managing, and monitoring material EESG topics. 

As such, the Group will continue to address our challenges and drive long-term growth while 

mitigating the environmental and social risks that might have a negative financial impact on 

our business. 

 

The ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic has impacted our society and business in 

unprecedented ways. Despite the challenges, it has made us more aware that as a company, 

we should pay more attention to sustainability, social well-being, environmental climate 

actions and to pursuing long-term sustainable delivery in our business. In FY2021, the 

Company has continued to adopt the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) reporting framework. 

Meanwhile, we remain committed in supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals 

(“SDGs”) and have linked these goals with our material sustainability activities.  

 

While we have incorporated a sustainability philosophy and mindset within our business, we 

understand the additional need to articulate and convey to our stakeholders and the public of 

our efforts in this area. We hope that this report would achieve such an objective. 

 

For companies operating in the global energy industry, the steep and sudden decline in global 

oil demand brought about by the pandemic had a devastating impact across the entire value 

chain. As crude oil prices plummeted, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 

(“OPEC”) and its allies responded by cutting production to support the market and keeping a 

lid on crude oil inventories. This had a ripple effect across the global supply chain as it caused 

a slowdown in exploration activities, deferment of new projects and a general decline in the 

demand for oilfield support services. 

 

We will continue to strengthen our network in the Middle East region during this challenging 

period to prepare the Group for a recovery in offshore activities when the time comes. 

Simultaneously, as we pursue our business development plans, we keep a close watch on 

operational costs and continually work to enhance the Group’s operational efficiency.  

 

Moving forward, the Board will continue to support the Group to create long-term value for our 

stakeholders through responsible business practices for a sustainable future. 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

ORGANIZATION PROFILE 

 

Vallianz Group and its associated companies are established providers of offshore support 

vessels (“OSVs”) and integrated offshore marine solutions to serve the needs of the global 

energy industry.  

 

With a progressive mindset, Vallianz is sharpening our core services to seize opportunities in 

the evolving energy industry. We focus on our core values of forging trusting partnerships with 

customers and suppliers, instilling systematic vigour to deliver executional excellence and 

creating adaptive solutions to respond to customers’ evolving needs.  

 

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group and its associated companies serve major energy 

and national oil companies worldwide, and focus on supporting customers’ offshore 

exploration, development and production operations. The Group and its associated 

companies in the Middle East and Indonesia own and operate a fleet of 74 OSVs.  

 

The Group and its associated companies cover markets in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and 

Gulf of Mexico. We are continually working to enhance customer value-add by broadening the 

spectrum of our marine services and creating adaptive solutions to address the unique 

requirements of customers’ offshore field operations.  

 

Our flagship vessel - Rawabi Integrity, which is the world’s first specialised offshore floating 

storage and supply vessel, was conceptualised and developed by the Group and its 

associated company in the Middle East, to provide a cost-effective and productivity-enhancing 

solution for a key customer in the Middle East.  

 

We have invested in industry experts to operate and manage our fleet of OSVs. Our fleet 

include anchor handling tugs with supply capabilities, platform supply vessels, offshore 

floating storage and supply vessels, submersible launch barges, maintenance and 

accommodation vessels, utility support vessels, flat top cargo barges, accommodation work 

barges, towing tugs, utility vessels, lift boats and crew boats.  

 

The Group also owns a shipyard in Batam, Indonesia, which serves as a marine base for 

vessel docking, repair and maintenance works. Our shipyard has strong in-house fabrication 

and engineering capabilities such as ship building, fabrication works, ship repair, machining 

works, piping repairs and installation and mechanical repair of marine equipment.  

 

Leveraging on our established track record, the Group’s strategy is to seek opportunities to 

increase our penetration into major and/or emerging offshore energy markets, including 

growing renewable energy sectors. We will continue to focus on delivering operational and 

service excellence and building a dynamic range of marine assets and solutions to meet 

customers’ evolving needs. 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

OUR BUSINESS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

•Vallianz Group, together with our associated companies in the Middle East

and Indonesia, currently own and operate 74 OSVs which are available for

charter. These vessels are deployed for offshore energy projects in the

Middle East, Asia Pacific and Gulf of Mexico. To enhance our market

competitiveness, we are focused on forging trusting partnership with our

customers, instilling systematic vigour to deliver executional excellence and

creating adaptive solutions to respond to customers' evolving needs. The

Group is continually assessing plans to expand our range of vessels and

modernise our fleet.

Vessel Ownership

•The OSVs are chartered to customers throughout various stages of their

offshore exploration, development and production projects. Our vessels are

used in activities that include seismic surveys during the exploration phase,

positioning of rigs during the development of oil and gas fields, towing,

mooring and handling of ship anchors and transportation of supplies during

the production period and the removal of rig structures at decommissioning.

The Group is also assessing opportunities to expand our services in the

wider energy industry, particularly the offshore wind power sector.

Chartering

•The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PT. United Sindo Perkasa (PT

USP), operates a shipyard located in the Kabil Industry Zone of Batam,

Indonesia. Besides serving as a marine base for vessel docking, repair,

and maintenance works, our shipyard has strong in-house fabrication and

engineering capabilities such as ship building, fabrication works, ship

repair, machining works, piping repairs and installation and mechanical

repair of marine equipment.

Fabrication and Shipyard Services


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

MISSION AND VISION  

 

MISSION 

To be our customers’ preferred partner and strive for service excellence by ensuring safe, 

reliable and efficient vessel operations with a best-in-class fleet to support the global offshore 

energy industry. 

 

VISION 

To become a leading provider of offshore marine services in the global energy market. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This is the fourth year that Vallianz has published its Sustainability Report. This report provides 

a yearly update on our ongoing commitment to sustainability with a focus on addressing our 

EESG practices. Combined with our Annual Report, this report provides a holistic view of our 

overall annual performance to our stakeholders.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

This Report has been prepared in compliance with SGX-ST Listing Rules (Rules 711A and 

711B) on Sustainability Reporting and Practice Note 7F (Sustainability Reporting Guide). 

 

Also, this Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards 2016: Core option. 

The Group has adopted the application of the GRI Standards for sustainability reporting due 

to its internationally recognized guidelines and it is also deemed to be the most widely-adopted 

standard by organisations around the world.  

 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

This Report covers Vallianz’s sustainability performance for FY2021 from 1 April 2020 to 31 

March 2021.  

 

The performance and data reflected in this Report covers the Group’s main operations in  

Singapore, the Middle East and Indonesia. 

 

REPORT ACCESSIBILITY 

In order to reduce our environmental footprint and the impact on the environment, the hard 

copy version of this Report will not be made available.  

 

The Report is only available in PDF format which can be downloaded from our website: 

http://www.vallianzholdings.com/sr.html.  

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome views on this Report from stakeholders.  Please send feedback and enquiries to  

http://www.vallianzholdings.com/contact.html. 

 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

Vallianz has chosen to leverage internal verification mechanisms to ensure data quality and 

accuracy within this Report. Hence, there is no independent external assurance for this Report. 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

 

At Vallianz, we strive to integrate the EESG material topics into our value and supply chain. 

With our desire to achieve long term sustainable performance in our business operations as 

well as considering the interests of our key stakeholders, we aim to build a responsible and 

sustainable supply chain by setting clear standards for our business supply partners.  

 

In order to build up a responsible and sustainable supply chain, we follow the following 3 key 

strategies: 

 

• 

Strengthening the selection process of suppliers. 

• 

Monitoring risks in the priority areas of our supply chain. 

• 

Working closely with suppliers to drive social and environmental changes in order to 

take strides towards a more sustainable platform.  

 

By improving the oversight of our supply chain, we can identify opportunities to streamline and 

reduce costs, protect our reputation and ensure the safety of our customers. 

 

The diagram below shows the procurement process of our Group:  

 

In FY2021, there are no significant events that have led to the cessation or termination of our 

current relationship with any of our major suppliers. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Shortlist categories 

for tender process

Obtain quotation 

from vendors

Vendor selection 

based on factors, 

e.g quality, service 

level and price

Supply agreement 

in place

Raising of the 

relevant purchase 

order/blanket order

Send the order to 

the vendor


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

RESPONSE TO COVID-19 

 

The health and safety of our employees and visitors is always our priority concern. During this 

period of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Singapore office has adopted the following measures 

since February 2020. These measures were updated from time to time following advisory from 

the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”).   

 

• 

We diligently implemented the Safe Management Measures (“SMM”) as regulated by 

MOM. 

 

• 

Staff are constantly updated on changes in the MOM regulations through mass 

company-wide webinars. Summary of the regulations are provided to all staff to ensure 

understanding and compliance. 

 

• 

We appoint adequate number of Safe Management Officers (“SMO”) to implement the 

SMM. SMOs are all provided with training so that they can carry out their tasks 

effectively. 

 

• 

We have a core Covid-19 management committee which oversees all Covid-19 related 

issues. This committee is led by our Senior Management team including the Executive 

Vice Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. 

 

• 

We adhere to office cleaning protocols, safe entry checks, temperature checks and 

constantly reminds staff of good hygiene measures.  

 

• 

Safe distancing measures and wearing of mask are standard protocols in the office. 

SMOs assist in enforcing these requirements. 

 

• 

We implement work from home requirements as per MOM regulations. 

 

• 

Staggered work hours and meal hours are also implemented to avoid crowding. 

 

• 

We provided strong support for the vaccination drive. Staff are given day-off for the 

two days when they do their vaccination. To-date, all staff within the government 

designated age groups have been vaccinated. 

 

• 

We firmly believe in the health and safety of staff and all necessary actions are taken 

to ensure staff remain safe and productive during this difficult time. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

COMMUNITY 

 

Care Corner Singapore 

 

2021 marks the 10th year of Vallianz partnering with Care Corner Senior Services Ltd 

(“CCSS”). CCSS operates a total of six Senior Activity Centres – five in Toa Payoh and one 

in Woodlands. 

 

Over the years, Vallianz had organised 

annual Lunar New Year dinners for the 

seniors of CCSS and Vallianz staff. In year 

2021, Vallianz sponsored Lunar New Year 

lunch and distributed red packets and packed 

meals to the seniors at 3 CCSS Senior Care 

Centres and all 9 Senior Activity Centres and 

Active-Aging Centres. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vallianz continues to support the daily hot 

meals program, ensuring that elderlies of 

CCSS have access to nutritious and delicious 

food. Food hampers containing essential 

items were distributed to the elderlies as a 

token of support and comfort during this 

uncertain 

period. 

Mooncakes 

were 

distributed to the elderlies during the Mid-

Autumn Festival. The Vallianz team hopes 

that with these gestures, the residents of 

CCSS will be able to enjoy the festivals in the 

comfort of their own homes. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

WHISTLEBLOWING 

 

Vallianz has zero-tolerance for fraud, bribery and corruption.  

 

The Group has established a whistleblowing policy to ensure that business is conducted 

ethically and complies with the best practices set out in the Group’s policies.  

 

Whistleblowing channels have been established to give employees a confidential and 

dedicated channel to report any issues or areas of concern to the Audit Committee.  

 

In FY2021, there were no reported incidents. 

 

 

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY  

 

At Vallianz, the governance of sustainability is integrated into our corporate governance 

structure. The Board of Directors (“Board”) has oversight over the management and the 

implementation of sustainability strategies.  

 

The Board plays an active role in driving sustainability and works closely with senior 

management to develop strategies, policies, goals and targets to support the sustainable 

growth of the business. Furthermore, the Board also sets the overall direction for the Group.  

 

We ensure that all our business units comply with the relevant laws and regulations to address 

EESG issues, including environmental and social regulations, personal data security, 

employment rights and regulations, and income tax laws.  

 

Any material violation of rules and regulations could significantly impact the Group and its 

reputation. In view of this, the Group adheres to high corporate governance standards and 

ensures compliance with all applicable rules and regulations. 

 

In FY2021, there were no material breaches of any laws and regulations.  

 

 

CONFLICT OF INTEREST  

 

Every key management and staff is required to promptly declare any conflict or potential 

conflict of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to any transactions or proposed 

transactions with the Group as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to 

his/her knowledge.  

 

The Group’s conflict of interest policy is reviewed periodically and communicated to all key 

management and staff.  


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high corporate governance standards and has placed 

high importance on its corporate governance processes and systems to ensure greater 

transparency, accountability and maximisation of long-term shareholder value. The Company 

recognizes the importance of good corporate governance which is imperative for sustained 

growth and investors’ confidence.  

 

This statement outlines Vallianz’s corporate governance processes and activities that are in 

place with specific reference to the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”) and the 

disclosure guide (the “Guide”) developed by Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”).  

 

The Group is generally in compliance with the principles and provisions as set out in the Code 

and the Guide. Where there are deviations from the Code and the Guide, the Board has 

considered that alternative practices adopted by the Group are sufficient to meet the 

underlying objectives of the Code and the Guide. 

 

The Company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works 

with the Management for the long-term success of the Company. The Board manages 

potential risks through the review and approval of policies and procedures. The Board has an 

appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition 

to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the Company. The Management ensures 

that controls or mitigating measures are in place for the identified risks within the Group and 

business operations.  The Audit Committee of the Company provides independent oversight 

of the effectiveness of the risk management process. 

 

The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and finance, 

business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning and legal knowledge.  Where 

appropriate, the Directors receive relevant briefings from time to time on new updates in 

relation to regulatory changes to accounting standards, listing rules, corporate governance, 

and other regulations or statutory requirements. 

 

The independent and non-executive Directors of the Company constructively challenge and 

assist in developing proposals on strategy; as well as support the Board in reviewing the 

performance of the Management in meeting the agreed goals and objectives and monitor the 

reporting of performance. Meetings are held regularly to discuss any matters without the 

presence of Management, as and when circumstances require. 

 

Each key executive at the Group’s leadership is highly experienced in this industry, and 

collectively as a whole, are able to handle all operational matters of the Group competently. 

 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

At Vallianz, we continuously engage with various stakeholders and seek their feedback which 

are valuable to us to help us grow and improve.  

 

Our stakeholders are individuals or groups that are affected by our activities or have potential 

impact on the Group’s operational or financial performance.  

 

The following key stakeholders have been identified:  

 

 

 

We regularly engage our stakeholders through a variety of channels. Our approach of 

stakeholder engagement is outlined in the following table: 

 

STAKEHOLDERS 

ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS 

STAKEHOLDER FOCUS 

Customers 

• 

Feedback channels, including 

emails and hotlines 

• 

Site visits  

• 

Informal feedback sessions 

 

• 

Excellent service 

• 

Economic performance  

• 

Occupational health and 

safety 

 

Suppliers 

• 

Regular meetings and 

dialogue sessions 

• 

Supplier evaluations 

• 

Health Safety Environment 

(“HSE”) questionnaires for key 

contractors 

• 

Good relationships 

• 

Fair market practices 

• 

Timely payments 

• 

Growth prospects 

 

Employees 

• 

Induction program for new 

employees 

• 

Company events 

• 

Informal feedback channels 

• 

Performance appraisals 

 

• 

Fair employment practices 

• 

Opportunities to learn and 

grow 

• 

Recognition of efforts 

• 

Occupational health and 

safety 

Customers

Suppliers

Employees

Shareholders and 

investors

Government and 

Regulators

Community


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

Shareholders and 

financial investors 

• 

Annual general meetings 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Half and full-year results 

announcements 

• 

SGXNet announcements 

• 

Circulars to Shareholders 

 

• 

Financial performance 

• 

Investment returns 

• 

Transparency and timely 

reporting 

Government and 

regulators  

• 

Participation in discussions 

and consultations 

• 

Seminars by local government 

agencies 

 

• 

Adherence to laws and 

regulations 

• 

Timely reporting of issues  

• 

Sharing of industry best 

practices 

 

Community 

• 

Community outreach activities  

• 

Engagement with community 

projects and charities 

• 

Social responsibility 

• 

Environmental 

responsibility 

 

Feedback from our key stakeholders form a crucial part of our strategic and business planning, 

and is viewed as valuable insights for our Group to continuously improve its sustainability 

performance.  

 

The material topics we have evaluated in FY2021 are the potential impact on the environment, 

society, stakeholders, and the Group’s operational activities.  

 

The Board and senior management aim to conduct an annual review of the Group’s material 

topics as well as monitor the performance of the key material topics as part of the Group’s 

sustainability strategy. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Group adopts a four-step process to define the material topics: 

 

 

 

Based on the Group’s internal assessment where there were no significant changes in the 

business and the operating environment, the Board is of the opinion that the materiality 

assessment from FY2018 continues to be valid and relevant for the Group in FY2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

•Validate completeness 

of the key 

sustainability topics to 

finalise report content.

•Re-examine the       

material topics taking 

into consideration 

changing business 

landscape and 

emerging trends.

•Prioritise material topics 

under the respective GRI 

Topic-specific Standards 

and identifies key 

sustainablity topics to be 

reported upon.  

•Identify material topics 

that are important to the 

Group.







Identification







Prioritisation







Validation







Review










SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

We continue to adhere to the GRI standards for conducting the materiality assessment of our 

operational impact analysis. Our material topics are identified based on our key stakeholders’ 

interests and the feedback we collected during our stakeholders’ engagement.  

 

Our Management re-evaluated the topics from FY2020, and all topics were deemed to be 

material to the Group. We consider those topics as key material issues for the Group as they 

represent significant EESG impacts of the Group or substantively influence stakeholders’ 

assessments and decisions.  

 

In FY2021, we have also integrated the UN SDG into our materiality assessment process.  

 

Material Topics 

Description 

Target 

SDG 

ECONOMIC/GOVERNANCE  

Economic 

Performance 

(GRI 201-1) 

The economic 

performance, as well as 

the value generated and 

distributed to communities 

where our businesses 

operate. 

To maintain our 

competitive edge and 

continue to deliver 

sustainable growth 

through securing long 

term charter contracts 

and focusing efforts on 

driving new service 

innovations and business 

offerings. 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

Environmental  

Protection 

(GRI 307-1) 

Environmental protection 

is paramount to our 

sustainability efforts. The 

Group is committed to 

adopting environmentally 

efficient and sustainable 

business methods, such 

as sourcing from ethically 

and environmentally 

friendly suppliers and 

ensuring no violation of 

various regional 

environmental laws and 

regulations where we 

operate in.  

 

 

 

 

 

• 

Continuous 

improvements in 

energy efficiency and 

energy management. 

• 

Comply with the 

relevant International 

and local 

environmental laws 

and regulations.  

 

 

 

 

SOCIAL  








SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety (GRI 403-

9) 

Safety is an essential part 

of our operations, and we 

continuously strive to 

improve our safety 

practices. 

• 

Remain focused on 

operating safely and 

healthily to ensure 

that no employee will 

be inflicted with 

accidents or injuries. 

• 

Comply with the 

safety laws and 

regulations. 

 

 

Talent 

Management  

(GRI 404-1) 

Employees are our 

greatest asset. We 

undertake fair employment 

practices to achieve a 

diverse and inclusive 

environment for our 

employees, regardless of 

race, gender or religion. 

 

• 

To provide equal 

employment 

opportunities, 

regardless of age or 

gender. 

• 

To retain exceptional 

employees and to 

create a higher-

performing workforce. 

 

 

Regulatory and 

Legal 

Compliance  

(GRI 419-1) 

Implement effective 

measures to ensure that 

Vallianz is in full 

compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations, in 

order to reduce any 

adverse impact to 

stakeholders. 

 

• 

Adhere to Company’s 

zero-tolerance policy 

towards fraud, 

corruption, and 

unethical actions. 

• 

Comply and maintain 

the relevant legal 

rules and regulations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

17 | P a g e 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

MATERIAL ISSUES 

 Consistent economic performance 

RELEVANT SDG 

 

 

Set out below is an overview of our financial performance for the last 3 financial years:  

 

 

 

During FY2021, the Group de-consolidated the financial results of RVOS. The detailed 

explanation for the de-consolidation is set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 May 

2021 on the unaudited financial statements for FY2021 and the Company’s circular dated 9 

July 2021 in relation to the ratification of the renunciation of the Group’s entitlement to the 

RVOS rights issue and the ratification of the cessation of RVOS as a principal subsidiary of 

the Company.  

 

Arising from the reasons as set out in the above documents, for the first half year period from 

1 April 2020 to 30 September 2020, the results of RVOS were consolidated as a wholly owned 

subsidiary. For the third quarter of FY2021 from 1 October 2020 to 31 December 2020, the 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

18 | P a g e 

 

results of RVOS were equity accounted on the basis of the Group having full economic interest 

in RVOS, and subsequently equity accounted on the basis of the Group having 40.7% interest 

in RVOS from 1 January 2021 onwards.  

 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS  

 

In FY2021, the Group recorded revenue of US$88.6 million as compared to US$188.6 million 

in FY2020 as revenue from the chartering services business decreased to US$71.5 million in 

FY2021 from US$179.4 million in FY2020.  

 

The decrease in revenue from chartering services business was due mainly to the de-

consolidation of the financial results of RVOS from the Group with effect from 1 October 2020 

as explained above. However, this decrease was offset partially by a higher revenue recorded 

by the Group’s fabrication and shipyard services business of US$17.1 million in FY2021 

compared to US$9.2 million in FY2020, driven mainly by higher volume of services at our 

shipyard in Batam, Indonesia.  

 

As a result, the chartering business contributed approximately 81% to the Group revenue in 

FY2021, as compared to 95% in FY2020. The remaining 19% of Group revenue was derived 

from the provision of fabrication and shipyard services. 

 

In FY2021, the Group’s gross profit decreased to US$2.3 million from US$23.6 million in 

FY2020 due mainly to the de-consolidation of RVOS.  

 

The gross profit margin of the chartering services decreased to 3% in FY2021 from 21% in 

FY2020, due mainly to higher preparation costs incurred in relation to the maintenance of 

certain vessels to ensure they could continue servicing their respective charter contracts. In 

addition, as the fabrication and shipyard services business recorded a small negative gross 

loss margin of 0.1%, the Group’s overall gross profit margin narrowed to 2.6% in FY2021 from 

12.5% in FY2020.  

 

The Group registered net other income (net of other operating expenses) of US$0.9 million in 

FY2021 as compared to net other operating expenses of US$4.9 million in FY2020 due mainly 

to an increase in other income in FY2021 arising from inter alia foreign exchange gain of 

US$2.2 million, gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of US$0.7 million and 

government grant of US$0.8 million and a lower loss from fair value of derivative financial 

instruments of US$1.7 million.  

 

Administrative expenses in FY2021 decreased 4.2% to US$10.4 million from US$10.9 million 

in FY2020. This was attributed mainly to the de-consolidation of RVOS’ financial results which 

was partially offset by higher personnel related costs as well as legal and professional fees 

incurred in FY2021, and the reversal of certain prior years’ expenses in FY2020 that were no 

longer required.  

 

Finance costs decreased to US$17.5 million in FY2021 from US$40.1 million in FY2020. This 

was due mainly to the de-consolidation of RVOS’ financial results which was offset partially 

by higher interest on shareholder’s advances which took effect from FY2021 following 

shareholders’ approval at the extraordinary general meeting held on 27 April 2021.  


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

19 | P a g e 

 

The Group recorded a profit of US$8.2 million from its share of results of associate in FY2021. 

This was attributable mainly to equity accounting of RVOS’ financial results after its de-

consolidation took effect from 1 October 2020. Arising from the above, for FY2021, the Group’s 

operating loss from ordinary activities narrowed to US$16.5 million in FY2021 from US$32.1 

million in FY2020.  

 

The Group recorded an exceptional item of US$8.5 million in FY2021 due mainly to a one-off 

compensation paid to a vendor for debts incurred since 2016. Both parties have agreed on an 

instalment plan and the outstanding debt is expected to be fully repaid by the second quarter 

of FY2022. In FY2020, the Group recognised exceptional items of US$100.2 million due 

mainly to impairment of property, plant and equipment and prepayments and compensation 

for late delivery of vessels. 

 

As a result of the above factors, the Group posted a net loss attributable to owners of the 

Company of US$23.0 million in FY2021 compared to the net loss of US$134.9 million in 

FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

20 | P a g e 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

MATERIAL ISSUES 

 Energy 

 GHG Emission 

 Waste 

 Environmental Compliance 

RELEVANT SDG 

 

 

Vallianz remains dedicated to our long-term responsibility to protect the environment. We 

consistently review our policies and practices to optimize energy, water and waste 

management. Through energy-efficient practices and adhering to the principles of “Reduce, 

Reuse and Recycle”, Vallianz conducts its business in a sustainable manner. 

 

In FY2021, the Group has made certain efforts and set certain targets in this area:  

 

Reduce Environmental 

Footprint 

 

- 

Development of vessels with battery hybrid 

solutions, to reduce carbon emissions of vessels by 

at least 28-30% (for newbuilds and conversion of 

existing vessels).  

- 

Aligning net zero carbon emission targets with 

global standards by 2050, through vessels powered 

by alternative fuel.  

- 

Development of semi-unmanned vessels 

technology and remote-monitoring digitization 

(reducing the need for high number of crew per 

vessel, decreasing the carbon footprint of high 

rotation frequency of crew).  

 

Energy 

 

- 

Development of Zero-Emission Battery Tug. 

- 

Development of Battery Hybrid AHTS. 

- 

Development of Hydrogen Propelled vessels. 

- 

Collaboration with Solar / Wind market players for 

generation of cost-effective alternative fuel for 

usage.  

 

Emission 

 

- 

The entire fleet owned by the Group and its 

associates (RVOS and PT VOM) have complied 

with IMO 2020 (&lt;0.05% Sulphur) and are all 

currently using Marine Gas Oil. 

 

 

 

 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

21 | P a g e 

 

The Group’s shipyard in Batam (carried out by our subsidiary, PT USP) is in compliance with 

the relevant industrial/hazardous waste disposal regulations. We have also signed the working 

agreement with a government contractor for all industrial/hazardous waste disposal including: 

 

o Used Copper slag / Steel grit(Auto blast) 

o Used contaminated cotton rags &amp; gloves 

o Used Welding electrodes 

o Used grinding disks 

o Dirty oil / Oil sludge / Bilge water 

o Rock wool waste (insulation) 

o Empty paint drums / Paint sludge 

o Used grease  

o Used oil filters 

 

We are pleased to announce that there were no reported incidences of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations for FY2021, and we aim to always maintain this position.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

22 | P a g e 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

MATERIAL ISSUES 

 Occupational Health and Safety 

 

RELEVANT SDG 

 

 

The safety of our emloyees is our utmost priority. We are committed to providing a safe and 

healthy environment for all our employees, especially our seafarers and workers working on 

the vessels and the shipyards. Our investment in improving Occupational, Health, and Safety 

(“OHS”) policies and practices continues to be unabated. This strong focus on safety serves 

as an enduring and differentiating competitive advantage for our Group. 

 

In FY2021, we continue to operate in conformity with the various international recognized 

standards, including ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 45001: 2018, ISO 14001: 2015, and the 

International Safety Management (“ISM”) Code. The ISM Code is the International Maritime 

Organization (“IMO”) requirement for safe management and operation of ships and pollution 

prevention. Compliance with local legislation relating to health and safety standards are also 

in place. 

 

We are pleased to announce that PT USP has, on 17 March 2021, achieved a Million 

Manhours worked without Lost Time Incident (“LTI”). 

 

At Vallianz Offshore Marine Pte Ltd (“VOM”), the crew continued to achieve new milestones 

in our Goal Zero target. As of 30 June 2021, the fleet has achieved 395,640 Manhours worked 

without LTI, a good record considering the size of the fleet. 

 

In FY2021, we launched the SCOUT (‘See’, ‘Correct’, ‘Open’, ‘Unsafe’, ‘Tell’) Programme in 

our organization. SCOUT is the successor of the SMILE tool and is a behavioural-based safety 

training programme. Every staff member can use it to support the objective and affirmative 

culture.  The application of SCOUT provides a positive reinforcement to change from unsafe 

or at-risk behaviour to safe behaviour. SCOUT also serves as an efficient tool to prevent 

accidents by establishing four levels of control: 

 

It also provides a source of safety data collection and analysis so that intervention for targeted 

improvement in workplace safety can be carried out without relying on reactive accident data.  

The SCOUT programme also increases employees’ participation and engagement in shaping 

the safety culture. 

 

The SCOUT programme is in dual languages (both English and Bahasa Indonesian), and 

materials are available for all employees.  

 



Early 

Detection

Intervention 

at source

Eliminate 

Risk

Prevent 

Accidents


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

23 | P a g e 

 

Below shows the progress of the SCOUT Programme training, updated as of 30 June 2021.  

 

 

 

We stay committed to our OHS efforts as we believe that the way to achieve our zero-incident 

target and long-term sustainability is our OHS efforts to focus on prevention measures. These 

include well-designed vessels and workplaces, competent staff and crew, good policies and 

procedures, and committed leadership.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

49 staff, including Directors, Managers and Staffs have received

training to date.







Singapore Office

All 60 personnel (Managers, Supervisors and Staffs) have been

trained. Training will continue further to cover all personnel working

in the shipyard.







Batam Office 

PT-USP Shipyard

Conversion from SMILE card to SCOUT in progress and is

expected to complete before the next financial year end.







VOM Vessels


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

24 | P a g e 

 

TALENT MANAGEMENT  

 

MATERIAL ISSUES 

 Employment 

 Training and Education 

 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

RELEVANT SDG 

 

 

At Vallianz, we strive to optimize our available talent pool and at the same time, continuously 

looking to add talent from outside our organization in order to add greater strength and depth 

to our overall human resources.  This is a cornerstone of the Group’s long-term human 

resources strategy. 

 

To develop and strengthen our overall human resources framework, we continuously explore 

competitive compensation and retention schemes as well as re-skilling and up-skilling 

programmes, offering our employees a vibrant, inclusive, and progressive career with Vallianz. 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (Country, Gender) 

 

We value our employees. Vallianz follows a policy of hiring, employing, training and 

compensating employees in a non-discriminatory way and without regard to race, gender, 

religion, age or nationality.  

 

We have employees from diverse countries, including Singaporeans, Malaysians, 

Indonesians, Filipino, South Korean, Taiwanese, Indians, Vietnamese, and Mainland Chinese.  

 

Employee Onboarding Experience – Buddy System 

 

We have introduced a Buddy System in Vallianz as part of the talent management framework 

to better integrate new employees into the Vallianz culture and build a sense of belonging. 

The Buddy System is a form of knowledge sharing method used to orientate new employees. 

A team member is appointed as a buddy to the new employee during their first three (3) 

months of his employment. The intention is to acclimatise the new employee to Vallianz culture 

quickly and ensure that they are well cared for in their first 3 months by his/her buddy. 

 

Wellness Program 

 

We aim to introduce a holistic approach to talent management that focuses on both work-

related programmes and the mental well-being of our employees.  We source and provide 

online seminars related to wellness programmes for all Vallianz employees periodically. 

 

 

 

 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

25 | P a g e 

 

Vallianz Internship Engagement Program 

 

Vallianz has introduced the Vallianz Engagement Programme. This programme will help us in 

identifying interns who have shown outstanding work performance during their internship. 

Vallianz recognises the importance of laying the foundation for tomorrow and growing our next 

generation within Vallianz. This talent-enabler programme aims to curate valuable and 

meaningful experiences for matriculating students and facilitate conversion into permanent 

hires at Vallianz.  

 

Vallianz Leave Policy 

 

To enhance existing entitlement, we are currently reviewing our existing Leave Policy to 

benchmark ourselves better against other companies. We will be introducing Employee-Care 

Leave such as Birthday Leave so that our employees can have a day off to celebrate their 

special day with their loved ones. Employees can also expect to receive incremental leave 

days at various stages of their employment with the Company. 

 

Staggered Working Hours 

 

To encourage work-life balance, Vallianz has also implemented a Flexible Work Arrangement 

Scheme where employees can stagger their working hours. Such an arrangement allows 

employees to vary their daily start and end times to support their work and personal 

commitments.  

 

Employee Development 

 

We invest in the training of our people for them to achieve their full potential. We also offer our 

talented employees opportunities to take on more challenging postings and transfers to groom 

them for greater responsibilities.  

 

At Vallianz, we encourage lifelong learning among our employees to embrace the changes 

and prepare themselves in this ever-changing and dynamic industry. Employees will be sent 

for training whenever necessary to improve their skill sets. 

 

Talent Management Performance 

 

Our Workforce 

 

Employment Contract 

 

Permanent 

Temporary/Contract 

Total 

Male 

126 

84 

210 

Female 

38 

11 

49 

Total 

164 

95 

259 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

26 | P a g e 

 

Region   

 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Total 

Male 

45 

165 

210 

Female 

26 

23 

49 

Total 

71 

188 

259 

 

Employment Type 

 

Full-Time 

Part-Time 

Total 

Male 

209 

1 

210 

Female 

49 

0 

49 

Total 

258 

1 

259 

 

Training  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Training Hours 

 

Non-Executive 

Executive 

Total 

Male  

271.5 

40.5 

312 

Female 

93.5 

33 

126.5 

Total 

365 

73.5 

438.5 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

27 | P a g e 

 

REGULATORY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE 

 

Vallianz is committed to complying with relevant laws and regulations as we operate in the 

highly regulated OSV and chartering industries. Besides establishing whistleblowing and anti-

corruption policies, we also have a legal policy that states the Group’s commitment to conduct 

business with integrity, fairness, impartiality, ethically and adequately. 

 

We monitor our existing customers and vendors periodically. This ensures that we stay vigilant 

and remain up to date with the latest international sanctions.  

 

Our compliance guidelines and policy requirements are aligned with industry standards and 

requirements. Also, we focus on our community responsibilities as corporate citizens. We take 

these responsibilities very seriously, including paying our fair share of taxes, corporate income 

taxes, and social contributions. Our commitment to these responsibilities is also embodied in 

our corporate culture. Tax payments to the relevant authorities are in accordance with 

applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, rules and regulations.  

 

We are pleased to report that there was no reported incidence of non-compliance to the local 

anti-corruption laws, rules and regulations across the Group in FY2021 and we aim to maintain 

zero violation of the laws, rules and regulations for FY2022 and beyond.   

 

 

 

 


28 | P a g e 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 

 

GRI Standards/ Disclosures 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

2 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3,4 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

3 

102-4 Location of operations 

3,4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

3,4 

102-6 Markets served 

4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

4 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

25,26 

102-9 Supply chain  

7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

None 

102-12 External initiatives  

Not applicable as there are no externally 

developed economic, environmental and 

social charters, principles, or other initiatives 

to which Vallianz subscribes, or which it 

endorses within the scope of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable  

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

2 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

11 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

12,13 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees within the 

scope of this report are not covered by 

collective bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

12 

102-43 approach to stakeholder engagement 

12,13 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

15,16 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2021 – Notes to Financial 

Statements 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

6,15,16 

102-47 List of material topics 

15,16 

102-48 Restatements of information 

 

 

 

None 


29 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 Reporting period 

6 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

31 August 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

6 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

6 

102-55 GRI content index 

28,29 

102-56 External assurance 

7 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

15,16 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

14 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

14 

MATERIAL ISSUES 

 

Economic  

 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

17,18,19 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

10 

Environment 

 

302-4  Reduction of energy consumption 

20 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

21 

Social  

 

403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 

22,23 

403-4 Occupational health service 

22 

403-9 Work-related injuries 

22 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

26 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies&amp; employee 

25,26 

419-1  Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social 

 

 

 

 

27 

 

 

 

 

 

