




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 


 

 

 

2 CONTENTS 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

Page 

 

 

Board Statement 

3 

Organisational Profile 

5 

Our Business Model 

Mission and Vision 

6 

7 

About The Report 

8 

Supply Chain Management 

9 

Community 

10 

Ethics and Integrity 

12 

Governance Structure 

13 

Stakeholder Engagement 

14 

Materiality Assessment 

15 

Material Topics 

16 

Economic Performance 

17 

Occupational Health and Safety 

19 

Talent Management 

21 

Environmental Protection 

24 

Regulatory and Legal Compliance 

25 

Global Reporting Initiative Index 

26 

 


 

 

 

3 BOARD STATEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

Vallianz Holdings Limited (“Vallianz” or the “Company” and together with our subsidiaries, 

our “Group”) is pleased to present our Sustainability Report (the “Report”) for the financial 

year ended 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”). This is the second year we are publishing our Report, 

and we wish to demonstrate to our stakeholders our commitment in creating a sustainable 

business model. We believe that adopting the best sustainable practices in economic, 

environment, social and governance (“EESG”) aspects are fundamental to our business. 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) has always been committed to sustainability and believe 

that sustainable development is important to the Group’s operations, seeking continuous 

improvement in identifying, understanding and responding to EESG challenges that the Group 

is facing to better understand the challenges and impacts on our operations and assist us in 

striving to move in a sustainable direction so that all our stakeholders benefit. The Board 

oversaw the identification, management and monitoring of material EESG topics and aim to 

continue to address the impact of a wide range of sustainability issues. As such, the Group 

will continue to manage our challenges and drive long-term growth while mitigating the 

environmental and social risks that might have a negative financial impact on our business. 

 

While we have incorporated sustainability within our business, we understand the additional 

need to articulate and convey our efforts to our stakeholders and the public. Hence, we aim 

to communicate to our stakeholders on our sustainability highlights and performances in an 

accountable and transparent manner through this Report. 

 

2019 was a challenging and eventful year as there were many geopolitical events leading to 

uncertainty around the world. Asia Pacific waters remain a hotspot for marine claims with a 

total of 21 vessel losses reported in the region for 2018 and various climate events happening 

around the world. In the face of these setbacks and various global uncertainties, FY2019 has 

been a cautious year for us as we recorded a decline in profit.  

 

We have our vessels spanning various countries around the globe from places such as Mexico 

to Indonesia, and engage in various forms of marine services and solutions such as chartering, 

brokering and vessel management. Global events such as the steady recovery of crude oil 

prices may pose a challenging situation to the Offshore Support Vehicle (“OSV”) sector and 

coupled with the oversupply of OSVs, intense competition and soft demand conditions, the 

Group was is still able to record employment of more than 300 staff worldwide and an annual 

revenue of more than US$180 million. As such, we are well poised in our position to overcome 

the uncertainties and challenges that we might face in this ever-changing and dynamic world.   


 

 

 

4 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 







“We will continue to manage our challenges and drive long-term 

growth while mitigating the environmental and social risks that 

might have a negative financial impact on our business.” 



While we are trying to retain our existing clients and striving to serve more in the Middle East, 

the Group also recognises the opportunities that are presenting itself in the Asia Pacific region, 

despite fierce competition in the area. The Group will continue to differentiate our services 

in order to elevate our market position in the Oil and Gas field development services. 

 

The Board would like to thank all stakeholders who have contributed to our sustainability 

efforts and will continue to strive and improve our products and services to our customers 

while considering the social and environmental impacts. The Board will continue to take a 

balanced approach in formulating strategies to enhance long-term values which are 

sustainable to our stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sheikh Abdulaziz Ali Alturki 

Chairman of Vallianz Holdings Limited 


 

 

 

5 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 



ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vallianz Holdings Limited is an established provider of OSVs and integrated offshore marine 

solutions to the oil and gas industry. The Company is also a limited liability company 

incorporated in Singapore and listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). Vallianz’s immediate and ultimate holding company is 

Rawabi Holding Company Limited, who owns 56.77% of the shares. For more information on 

the shareholdings, please refer to the FY2019 annual report, page 163.   

The Group is headquartered in Singapore and it’s core business activities are in vessel 

ownership, chartering, brokering and the provision of complementary vessel management 

services in Middle East, North Africa, Central Asia and Southeast Asia. 

In FY2019, Vallianz owns and operates a fleet of 62 OSVs, while our associate, PT Vallianz 

Offshore Marine owns and operates another 14 OSVs. 


 

 

 

6 OUR BUSINESS MODEL 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

OUR BUSINESS MODEL  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vessel 

Ownership  

With 62 OSVs with an 

average age of 4.9 years 

and another 14 OSVs 

under our associate, the 

Group currently serves 

offshore oil and gas 

projects in Middle East, 

North Africa, Central Asia 

and Southeast Asia.   

We are constantly 

assessing various plans to 

expand the size and 

range of our vessels to 

enhance our market 

competitiveness. 

 

Chartering 

  

The Group offers 

offshore support vessel 

charter services to 

facilitate customers in 

their offshore oil and gas 

projects. For instance, 

our fleet is capable of 

performing seismic 

surveys to determine the 

location and size of 

possible oil and gas 

reservoirs. From the 

development to de-

commissioning phase, 

our specialised offshore 

vessels can be used for 

the positioning or 

removal of rig structure. 

Due to the flexibility and 

range of our fleet, our 

customers generally 

engage us throughout 

their entire project, 

which leads to long-term 

charters of up to 7 years, 

including a 2-year 

extension option. 

Vessel 

Management 

The Group provides a 

diversified range of 

vessel management 

services, which can be 

tailored to suit the needs 

of interested parties. We 

provide operational 

services, ensuring 

compliance with the 

charterer's requirement, 

and arranging for highly 

skilled repair teams for 

port and voyage repairs 

upon customers' request. 

We also manage our 

fleet, crew and provisions 

on board to ensure 

smooth, on-time delivery 

and safe operations of 

our vessels. 

 

Brokering  

 

The Group is able to 

relieve customers the 

difficulties and 

perplexities of 

buying/selling vesselsOur 

unrivalled expertise and 

resources allows our 

customers to acquire the 

vessel best suited to their 

requirements. During 

negotiations, we will be 

involved in all phases to 

ensure that the terms 

and conditions are 

beneficial to our 

customers. This would 

include negotiating the 

main terms of the fixture 

or sale, finalising the 

details of the contract 

and following the 

contract through to its 

conclusion. 

 


 

 

 

7 MISSION AND VISION 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

We aspire to become a leading provider of offshore marine services in the global energy 

markets and to be our customers' preferred partner and strive for service excellence by 

ensuring safe, reliable and efficient vessel operations with a best-in-class fleet to support 

the offshore oil and gas industry. 

We believe in the following 5 TRADEmark values to be instilled in all our employees: 

 

 

We are trusted for our integrity, honesty, reliability, fairness and sincerity 

in our work with our partners, customers and employees.

Trust

We respect and value each other's views. We respect the laws of the 

countries we operate in and the confidentiality of information provided by 

our clients and employees. We win as a team.

Respect

We affirm and recognise the contributions made by our partners, clients 

and employees to the success of our business. We value our employees, 

encourage their contributions and develop them to their fullest potential. 

We practice the 101% principle in affirmation - finding the 1% we can 

affirm, and giving it 100% of our attention.

Affirmation

We are determined to succeed and will always rise up to any challenge. 

We are known for our resolve in solving any problems faced by us or our 

clients and partners.

Determination

We excel in everything that we do and are committed to delivering jobs of 

the highest quality, exceeding our customers' expectations.

Excellence


 

 

 

8 ABOUT THE REPORT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

ABOUT THE REPORT  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

This report is prepared in compliance with Practice Note 7F Sustainability Reporting Guide of 

the SGX-ST and with reference to Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards: Core option, 

the universally recognised guideline in disclosing material sustainability matters. Reference 

has also been drawn from SGX-ST Listing Rule 711A and the primary components of 

Sustainability Reporting as set out in Listing Rule 711B. 

 

REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD 

This second year Report covers information for the financial year 2019 from 1 April 2018 to 

31 March 2019, and addresses the Group’s approach towards EESG issues.  

 

ASSESSABILITY AND FEEDBACK 

As part of our environmental conservation efforts, the Group will print limited copies of this 

sustainability 

report. 

This 

report 

will 

be 

made 

available 

for 

download 

at: 

http://www.vallianzholdings.com/ir.html 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and look forward to your feedback. Please 

send feedback and enquiries to: http://www.vallianzholdings.com/contact.html 

 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 

Independent assurance has not been sought for this report.   

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

9 SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

 

Vallianz aspires to continuously promote and integrate sustainability in our business 

operations and taking stakeholders’ interest in our considerations. EESG factors are 

integrated into our value and supply chain. 

 

We aim to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain by setting clear standards for our 

business supply partners.  

 

We have made great strides and improvement in our vendor selection. The diagram below 

shows the procurement process of the Group:  

 

 

We integrate the sustainability criteria into our supplier selection, monitoring risks in the 

priority areas of our supply chain, and working with suppliers to drive social and 

environmental change. By improving the oversight of our supply chain, we can identify 

opportunities to streamline and reduce costs, protect our reputation and the safety of our 

customers.  

 

In FY2019, there were no significant events which warranted the attention of the Board 

members that may have led to cessation or termination of our current relationship with any 

of our major suppliers. 

 

 

Shortlist 

categories 

for tender 

process

Quotations 

obtained 

from at 

least 3 

vendors

Selection of 

vendors are 

based on 

factors 

such as 

quality and 

price

Supply 

Agreement 

in place

Raising of 

the 

relevant 

Purchase 

Order/Blan

ket Order

Send the 

order to 

the vendor


 

 

 

10 COMMUNITY 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 



COMMUNITY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are committed to our local community. We believe in inspiring our employees to give 

back wholeheartedly in response to the evolving needs of the community.  

 

In FY2019, Vallianz has partnered with Care Corners Senior Services Ltd (“CCSS”) to organize 

the Lunar New Year Charity Dinner for the 8th consecutive year, where seniors from the 

various Senior Activity Centres were invited to celebrate Lunar New Year together with the 

Vallianz family. The organization committee has worked enthusiastically with the staff of CCSS 

to engage and put up various programs catering to seniors of different ethnicity.  

 

As per our previous few arrangements with CCSS, Vallianz continues to sponsor the Hot Meals 

program for the seniors at Toa Payoh Block 5 SAC. A dedicated cook prepared daily nutritious 

and sumptuous meals for the seniors.  

 

Vallianz acknowledges the contributions made by our seniors to the society, and we wish to 

honor them though these various events and activities hosted.  

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

11 COMMUNITY 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Apart from our annual Lunar Chinese Lunch, Vallianz together with Rawabi Holding Company 

Limited (“Rawabi”) did the Blood Donation Campaign on Oct 2018  in Al-Khobar, Saudi Arabia.   

 

The activity was lead by Rawabi’s CSR Department, aiming to facilitate blood donation to our 

employees by bringing the blood bank staff and facilities to the workplace and making it easy 

for employees to donate during working hours. The campaign also aims to support local 

hospitals with blood supply during high seasons such as The Holy Month of Ramadan, Hajj –

pilgrimage-season and summer vacations.  

 

The campaign was successfully donated 36 litres of blood to needy patients.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

 

12 ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

WHISTLEBLOWING 

 

Vallianz has zero-tolerance on fraud, bribery, and corruption and the Group has established 

whistleblowing policy to ensure the Group’s business is conducted in an ethical manner and 

compliance with the best practices set out in the Group’s policies.  

 

A whistleblowing channel has been established to allow employees to get direct access to the 

Audit Committee. By doing so, all stakeholders in the Group can be assured that all reports or 

suspicion of potential breaches of the Group’s Employee Guidelines is well managed.  

 

We are pleased to share that no whistle-blowing reports were received for FY2019, and there 

were no reported incidents concerning anti-corruption and anti-fraud regulations for FY2019. 

 

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY  

 

We ensure that all our business units comply with all laws and regulations in the 

environmental, social and economic boundaries, for instances such as related environmental 

regulations, labor laws, personal data security regulations, employment regulations, and 

income tax laws. Any material breaches of laws or regulations could create a significant 

impact and result in irreversible reputational damage to the Group. In view of this, the Group 

adheres to high standards of corporate governance practices which ensure compliance to all 

applicable laws and regulations.  

 

The Group manages the risk of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations by having 

clear policies and procedures which state the responsibilities and obligations of all employees 

and senior management. In FY2019, there were no material breaches of relevant local laws 

and regulations. 

 

CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY  

 

Our conflict of interest policy has been updated and approved by the Board to ensure that 

the key management staff understand the general principles relating to conflicts of interests, 

as well as to guide them in identifying, disclosing and managing conflict situations. Our conflict 

of interest policy has been reviewed periodically, which would be communicated to all key 

management staffs. Every key management staff is required to promptly disclose any conflict 

of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction or proposed transaction 

with the Group as soon as is practicable after the relevant facts have come to his/her 

knowledge. 

 


 

 

 

13 GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance practices 

throughout the Group that are in line with the Code of Corporate Governance 2012. The 

Board will ensure that there is compliance with the other relevant regulations, notices, 

circulars, and guidelines that may be issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) 

and the SGX-ST.  Explanations will be provided should there be any deviations. The Board 

noted the revised Code of Corporate Governance issued on 6 August 2018 (“Revised Code”), 

which is only effective from the financial year commencing 1 January 2019, and will 

endeavour to comply with the Revised Code once it is effective. 

 

The Board manages potential risks through the review and approval of policies and 

procedures. The Management then ensures that the identified risks are relevant to the 

business environment and hence ensuring controls or mitigating topics are in place.  The audit 

committee of the Company, provides independent oversight of the effectiveness of the risk 

management process. 

 

The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and finance, 

business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning and legal knowledge.  Where 

appropriate, the Directors receive relevant briefings from time to time on new updates in 

relation to regulatory changes to accounting standards, listing rules, corporate governance 

and other regulations or statutory requirements. 

 

The independent and non-executive directors of the Company constructively challenge and 

assist in the development of proposals on strategy, and assist the Board in reviewing the 

performance of Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives, and monitor the 

reporting of performance.  Meetings are held regularly to discuss any matters without the 

presence of Management as and when circumstances require. 

 

Each key executive at the Group’s leadership is highly experienced in this industry and 

collectively as a whole, are able to competently handle all operational matters of the Group. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

14 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We will be able to improve the way we conduct our business and address the concerns of our 

stakeholders with the Board and Senior Management demonstrating such commitment to 

our sustainability efforts.  

 

We prioritize our stakeholders for engagement based on the significance of their influence on 

our business and our dependency on them. We engage with our key stakeholders regularly 

to ensure two-way communication, and this is summarised in the table below: 

Stakeholders 

Method of Engagement 

Key Topics of Concern 

STAKEHOLDERS 

COMMUNICATION CHANNELS 

STAKEHOLDER FOCUS 

Customers 

• 

Feedback channels including 

emails and hotlines 

• 

Site visits  

• 

Informal feedback sessions 

 

• 

Excellent service 

• 

Economic performance  

• 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Suppliers 

• 

Regular meetings and dialogue 

sessions 

• 

Supplier evaluations 

• 

HSE questionnaires for key 

contractors 

• 

Good relationship 

• 

Fair market practices 

• 

Timely payments 

• 

Prospects of business growth 

 

Employees 

• 

Induction program for new 

employees 

• 

Company events 

• 

Informal feedback channels 

• 

Performance appraisals 

 

• 

Fair employment practices 

• 

Opportunities to learn and grow 

• 

Recognition of efforts 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

Shareholders and 

financial investors 

• 

Annual general meetings 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

SGXNet announcements 

• 

Shareholder circulars 

 

• 

Financial Performance 

• 

Investment returns 

• 

Transparency and timely 

reporting 

Government and 

regulators  

• 

Participation in discussions and 

consultations 

• 

Seminars by local government 

agencies 

 

• 

Adherence to laws and 

regulations 

• 

Timely reporting of issues  

• 

Sharing of industry best 

practices 

 

Community 

• 

Community outreach activities  

• 

Engagement with community 

projects and charities 

• 

Social responsibility 

• 

Environmental responsibility 

 

 


 

 

 

15 MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Group adopts a four-step process to define the material topics: 

 

 

 

 



Identification

•Identify material topics that are 

important to the Group.





Prioritisation

•Prioritise material topics under 

the respective GRI Topic-

specific Standards and identifies 

key sustainablity topics to be 

reported upon.  





Validation

•Validate completeness of the 

key sustainability topics to 

finalise report content.





Review

•Re-examine the material topics 

taking into consideration 

changing business landscape 

and emerging trends.


 

 

 

16 MATERIAL TOPICS 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

Material topics have also been mapped to the relevant GRI Standards: 

 

Topic 

Description 

Target 

Economic 

Performance 

(GRI 201-1) 

Our economic performance, the value 

generated 

and 

distributed 

to 

communities where our business 

operates. 

• 

To maintain our competitive 

edge and continue to deliver 

sustainable 

growth 

through 

securing 

long 

term 

charter 

contracts, as well as to focus 

efforts on driving new service 

innovations 

and 

business 

offerings. 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

(GRI 403-8, GRI 

403-9 &amp; GRI 403-

10) 

Safety is an essential part of our 

operations, and we constantly strive 

to improve our safety practices. 

• 

Remain focused on operating 

safely and healthily to ensure 

that no employees will be 

inflicted 

with 

any 

serious 

accidents or injuries. 

• 

Comply with the safety laws and 

regulations. 

 

Talent 

Management  

(GRI 404-1) 

Employees are our greatest asset. We 

undertake fair employment practices 

to achieve a diverse and inclusive 

environment for our employees.   

 

• 

To provide equal employment 

opportunities regardless of age 

and gender. 

• 

To retain exceptional employees 

and 

to 

create 

a 

higher-

performing workforce. 

Environmental  

Protection 

(GRI 307-1) 

Environment protection is paramount 

to our sustainability efforts. The 

Group is committed to adopt the 

environmentally 

efficient 

and 

sustainable business methods, such as 

sourcing 

from 

ethically 

and 

environmentally friendly suppliers 

and ensuring no violation of various 

regional environmental laws and 

regulations where we operate in.  

 

• 

Continuous 

improvements 

in 

energy efficiency and energy 

management. 

• 

Comply 

with 

the 

local 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations.  

Regulatory and 

Legal Compliance  

(GRI 419-1) 

Measures in place to ensure that 

there are no significant fines incurred 

by the Company and that the 

company is in full compliance with the 

laws and regulations in place, and 

impact to stakeholders negligible and 

non-adverse. 

 

• 

Adhere 

to 

Company’s 

zero-

tolerance policy towards fraud, 

corruption and unethical actions. 

• 

Comply and maintain the relevant 

legal rules and regulations. 


 

 

 

17 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

21.9

4.7

44.3

33

184.3

184.5

0

50

100

150

200

FY2018

FY2019

Millions

Revenue

(US$ M)

Gross Profit

(US$ M)

Operating Profits Before Tax and Exceptional Expenses

(US$ M)

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

With the Group’s strategy of focusing on long-term contracts with national oil companies, the 

Group recorded revenue of US$184.5 million in FY2019, as compared with US$184.3 million 

in FY2018. Chartering and brokerage services accounted for approximately 91% of the Group 

revenue (compared to 83% in FY2018), attributable mainly to the full impact of new vessel 

charter contracts from FY2018 and the commencement of new vessel charter contracts in 

FY2019.  

 

In FY2019, the Group has completed an in-depth evaluation of the carrying value of certain of 

the Group’s assets that comprise fixed assets and investments, in light of the continued 

challenges and slow recovery in the offshore marine market. Following the evaluation, the 

Group has recorded non-cash impairment expense for the assets as mentioned earlier as 

exceptional expenses. As a result, the Group has posted a net loss of US$128.2 million for 

FY2019, compared to the net profit of US$13.0 million in FY2018.  


 

 

 

18 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 



The business environment for the OSV sector is expected to stay challenging due to intense 

competitive pressures Despite the challenging environment, we will continue to pursue 

business opportunities with our existing and new customers in the Group’s target markets in 

Asia and the Middle East. 

 

In particular, we noted an increase in oil &amp; gas field development activities in the Asia Pacific 

region while potential opportunities exist in the Middle East for the Group to participate in 

upcoming project tenders. We maintain a well relationship with our strategic partner, Rawabi. 

Rawabi is a conglomerate that has been operating in Saudi Arabia and the Middle East for 

almost 40 years as one of the leading industrial players in the region, and since 2017 has 

cemented its position as the Company’s major shareholder. 

 

Looking ahead, we strive to continue to be one of the largest OSV providers in the Middle East 

and use our strategic market position to leverage and capitalize our opportunities in the 

Middle East.  

 

 

`


 

 

 

19 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

At Vallianz, the safety of our employees is our utmost priority. We are committed to provide 

a safe and healthy environment for all our employees, especially our seafarers and workers 

working on the ships and the shipyards. Our investment in improving Occupational, Health, 

and Safety (OHS) policies and practices continue to be unabated. This strong focus on safety 

serves as an enduring and differentiating competitive advantage.  

 

We strongly strive and conform to the various international recognized standards and codes, 

such as OHAS 18001:2007, ISM, ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 14001: 2015 and ISM Code, as well as to 

comply with local legislation relating to health and safety standards. We adhere to policies 

based on these codes, and these policies are periodically reviewed by senior management to 

ensure the relevancy and adequacy to the Group.  

 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our 

ultimate goal is to ensure zero fatal accidents. Hence, we mandate that all our staff and 

employees adhere to the proper use of Property, Plant and Equipment when they are 

handling heavy equipment or operating machinery, especially during ship repair and 

maintenance.  

 


 

 

 

20 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

In addition, the Vallianz Safety and Health Consultative Committee (“VSHCC”) was established 

to supervise and ensure that all workplace health and safety are strictly adhered to. The 

committee members performed their due diligence to report any incidents prejudicial to the 

safety or health of the persons employed in Vallianz or our Sub-contractors, and the 

inspection of the premises or Project Site immediately after any accident or dangerous 

occurrence has taken place to the head of the committee and ensuring the safety of our 

employees. The VSHCC reviews periodically on any injury cases brought up, such as cuts, 

lacerations, work injuries suffered by our employees, and measures to reduce the likelihood 

of these occurrences. Regular training and awareness sessions are provided to staff to avoid 

lapses in future. All our vessels carry medical supplies and equipment in good supplies and 

meet the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea standards. 

 

Vallianz Safety and Health Consultative Committee 

Corporate Management 

(Chairman, CEO and Vice President) 

 

Occupational Health and Safety Champions 

Middle Management 

(General Manager and Head of 

Departments) 

Responsible and accountable for Occupational 

Health and Safety implementation in their 

respective departments 

 

Line Management 

(Supervisors) 

Represents the workers in the Occupational 

Health and Safety Committee 

 

 

We keep track of the number of occupational accidents, and together with our site 

supervisors and OHS officers, aim to reduce the number of preventable accidents that happen 

each year.  

 

There was one incident in which a tanker had collided into a pipelaying vessel that is managed 

by the Group’s subsidiary, Vallianz Offshore Marine Pte. Ltd. (“VOM”) in January 2019. VOM 

was appointed as the Ship Manager of the pipe-laying vessel, Star Centurion by the Receiver 

&amp; Manager acting for and on behalf of her registered owner, Trevaskis Ltd.  

 

There were no injuries or casualties as all 22 crew onboard the vessel were safe. VOM was 

able to react swiftly to this incident and brought all crew safely back to shore.  

 

We are pleased to report that in spite of this one solitary incident that has happened in 

FY2019, there were no fatalities which occured in the workplace in FY2019. Moving forward, 

we hope to achieve zero safetys related incidents.  

 


 

 

 

21 TALENT MANAGEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

TALENT MANAGEMENT 

 

Optimization of the talent pool available to Vallianz is a cornerstone of the Group’s long-term 

strategy. We seek to go beyond compliance with existing labor laws and regulations and will 

look for further strengthen our existing policies to implement a robust framework that allows 

our employees to experience a career that is vibrant, inclusive and progressive with Vallianz. 

 

OUR WORKFORCE 

 

We recruit dynamic individuals from diverse backgrounds and provide employees with equal 

opportunities to discover their full potential. We believe that maintaining a culture of two-

way communications in the workplace is essential for enhancing employee engagement, 

building effective teams, and fostering a better work environment for all. 

 

The employees in the Group can be classified as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

By Employment Contract 

 

Permanent 

Temp / Contract 

Total 

Male  

259 

27 

286 

Female 

71 

5 

76 

Total 

330 

32 

362 

 

By Region 

 

Singapore 

Indonesia 

Saudi Arabia 

Total 

Male  

37 

114 

135 

286 

Female 

27 

30 

19 

76 

Total 

64 

144 

154 

362 

 

By Employment Type 

 

Full-Time 

Part-Time 

Total 

Male  

286 

0 

286 

Female 

76 

0 

76 

Total 

362 

0 

362 


 

 

 

22 TALENT MANAGEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 



DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES  

 

At Vallianz, we strongly advocate fair employment practice and provide equal employment 

opportunities to achieve a fair working environment, regardless of age and gender. Human 

resource planning also ensures only suitable candidates are hired for the jobs through our fair 

recruitments and selection process. The Group embraces diversity, and we recognize the 

importance of creating an all-inclusive environment where our employees can treat each 

other respectfully, honestly and equally.  

 

APPRAISALS AND EVALUATION  

 

The Group conducts a performance review with all employees on an annual basis. This process 

enables us to assess and evaluate every individual’s abilities and recognize the contributions 

and efforts of employees. With a better understanding of the capabilities and progress of our 

employees, we can provide them with opportunities for personal development and career 

advancement through training and promotions.  

We believe in a robust and fair reward system to motivate our employees to achieve 

performance targets that are aligned to the Group’s business objectives. Employees are 

rewarded accordingly when the specific targets are met. The Group treasures talent and aims 

to retain productive employees with the relevant skills and positive work attitude.  

 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

 

 

 

 

We recognise that our people underpin our operational and safety excellence around the 

world. Hence, we continue to develop our human capital and cultivate a deep pool of talent 

that shares our core values to take Vallianz forward while ensuring their safety and welfare. 

We also review and improve our systems annually to entrench a culture of excellence and 

best practice for all employees – onshore and offshore. We do this with a robust training 

calendar each year to continually improve and broaden the skillsets of our staff and 

employees, reinforce safety awareness, and instill a shared sense of corporate values.  

 

The Group provides all staff with traning opportunities for them to perform their job duties 

efficiently whenever necessary, with a total of 360 hours recorded for FY2019. The total 

training hours provided to employees in the Group are classified as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Training Hours 

 

Non-Executive 

Executive 

Total 

Male  

94 

191 

285 

Female 

6 

69 

75 

Total 

100 

260 

360 

 


 

 

 

23 TALENT MANAGEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

We invest in the training of our people for them to achieve their full potential. We also offer 

opportunities for our talented staff to take on more challenging postings and transfers to 

groom them for greater responsibilities.  

 

At Vallianz, we encourage lifelong learning among our staff and employees to embrace the 

changes and prepare themselves in this ever-changing and dynamic industry. The Group does 

not have any specific target for training hours as we only believe in retaining exceptional 

employees in our ranks. Employees will be sent for training whenever necessary, so as to 

improve their skill sets. 

 

 

 




 

 

 

24 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 

 

Operating in the OSV and chartering industry, Vallianz remains dedicated to our long-term 

responsibility to protect the environment. We consistently review our policies and practices 

to optimize the management of energy, water, and waste within the Group. Through energy-

efficient practices and adhering to the principles of “Reduce, Reuse and Recycle”. Vallianz 

conducts the business in a sustainable manner. 

 

 

We actively reiterate to our workforce the significance of environmental conservation and 

have implemented several policies which aim to reduce the amount of waste produced. For 

instance, we encourage our employees to print all the hardcopies in double-sided instead of 

single-sided in our workplaces, as well as recycling/reuse of used materials wherever possible.  

 

We actively monitor our operations and processes to remove potential sources of waste and 

leakages. Additionally, we have incorporated energy conservation measures in our standard 

operating procedures throughout the Group, and follow best practices such as switching off 

our air-conditioning units and electricity during non-working hours. 

 

 

We are pleased to announce that there were no reports/incidences of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations for FY2019 and we aim to maintain this for FY2020 and 

beyond. 

 

 

 




 

 

 

25 REGULATORY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

REGULATORY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE 

 

Vallianz is committed to comply with key laws and regulations as we operate in the highly 

regulated OSV and chartering industries. Besides establishing whistleblowing and anti-

corruption policies, we also have a legal policy which states the commitment by the Group to 

conduct business with integrity, fairness, impartiality, and in an ethical and proper manner. 

 

We monitor periodically for our existing customers and vendors. This is to ensure that we stay 

vigilant and remain up to date with the latest development of international sanction 

requirements.  

 

Our compliance guidelines and policy requirements are aligned with industry standards and 

requirements. In addition, we focus on our community responsibilities as corporate citizens. 

We take these responsibilities very seriously, including paying our fair share of taxes, among 

them corporate income taxes, and social contributions. Our commitment to these 

responsibilities are also embodied in our corporate culture, and tax payments to the relevant 

authorities are in accordance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, rules, and 

regulations.  

 

We are pleased to report that there were no cases of reportable non-compliance to the local 

anti-corruption laws and regulations, rules and regulations across the Group in FY2019, and 

we aim to maintain zero violation to the laws and regulations for FY2020 and beyond.  

 

 


 

 

 

26 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 

 

GRI Standards/ Disclosures 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

3 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

5 - 6 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

5 

102-4 Location of operations 

5 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

5 

102-6 Markets served 

5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

5, 17 - 18, Annual Report 2019 – Statement of 

Financial Position  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

21 - 23 

102-9 Supply chain  

9 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

13 - 14 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there are no externally 

developed economic, environmental and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives to which 

Vallianz subscribes, or which it endorses within 

the scope of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable as there are no externally 

developed economic, environmental and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives to which 

Vallianz subscribes, or which it endorses within 

the scope of this report. 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

3 - 4 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

7, 12 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

13  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

14 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees within the scope 

of this report are not covered by collective 

bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

14 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

14 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

16 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2019 – Notes to Financial 

Statements (Subsidiaries) 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

8 

102-47 List of material topics 

16 

102-48 Restatements of information 

 

 

 

None 


 

 

 

27 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

Reporting Practice 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 Reporting period 

8 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

31 March 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

8 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

8 

102-55 GRI content index 

26 - 27 

102-56 External assurance 

8 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

17 - 25 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

17 - 25 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

17 - 25 

201-1  Direct economic value generated and distributed 

17 - 18, Annual Report 2019 – Consolidated 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other 

Comprehensive Income 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

12, 25 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

24 

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system 

19 - 20 

403-9 Work-related injuries 

19 - 20 

403-10 Work-related ill health 

19 - 20 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

21 - 23 

419-1  Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

 

25 

 

 

 

 

