



TABLE OF CONTENTS



01

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

01 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

02

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

04

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

06

ECONOMIC 

08

ENVIRONMENTAL 

10

SOCIAL 

16

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE




















































ABOUT THIS REPORT 



We are pleased to present Valuetronics Holdings 

Limited’s 

(“Valuetronics”) 

inaugural 

annual 

Sustainability Report, for our financial year ended 

31 March 2018. This report is set out on a “comply 

or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B 

and Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

on Continuing Listing Obligations.

Valuetronics has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) framework as it is the most established 

international sustainability reporting standard and this 

report is guided by the Core option of the GRI G4. This 

report highlights the key environmental, social and 

governance related initiatives carried out throughout 

a 12-month period, being the financial year ended 

31 March 2018 (“FY2018”).

The environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) 

data and information provided have not been verified 

by an independent third party and we have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure its 

accuracy.

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with 

regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. Please 

send your comments and suggestions to contact@

valuetronics.com.hk.

BOARD STATEMENT ON 



SUSTAINABILITY



The key material ESG factors for the Group have been 

identified and reviewed by the top management of the 

Group and the board of directors of the Company (the 

“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring 

of these factors and takes them into consideration 

when determining the Group’s strategic direction 

and policies. Sustainability is a part of the Group’s 

wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders.

29 June 2018











01

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY



VALUETRONICS’ SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY









































ENGAGE 

STAKEHOLDERS









































ASSESS 

MATERIALITY









































REPORT









































COLLECT DATA









































PLAN AND  

SCOPE



02

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

At Valuetronics, we believe that strong corporate governance 

is key to a sustainable business. That is why that since our 

listing on the SGX Mainboard in 2007 and all through to 

FY2018, we have continued to comply with the Singapore 

Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to pages 13 to 

26 of our Annual Report, for details of our compliance to the 

Singapore Code of Corporate Governance.

As an integrated EMS provider, it is a continual challenge 

to successfully manage environmental and social issues. 

Nevertheless, Valuetronics has incorporated these issues 

into our business model and implemented the applicable 

sustainable and responsible practices to mitigate these 

issues throughout the company. Our products also meet the 

stringent safety and environmental requirements demanded 

by our customers.

Valuetronics pays strict attention to the implementation of 

good labour practices in all our operations. The Group also 

provides various training opportunities for continued employee 

development and this is reflected in the quality and delivery 

of our products and services. We value our relationships with 

our clients and the wider community in which we operate in, 

and these strong relationships have helped us through the 

challenging times in the past. Valuetronics strongly believes 

that in the long run, these efforts will have a positive impact 

on our economic performance.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (“ERM”)

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as 

well as resources management. Valuetronics has a thorough 

and comprehensive ERM framework to identify and manage 

its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and 

consistent manner. For detailed disclosure on ERM, please 

refer to page 21 of our Annual Report.

ANTI-CORRUPTION, BUSINESS ETHICS AND 

COMPLIANCE

Here at Valuetronics, we do not tolerate corruption in any 

form, such as extortion and bribery. This has been made clear 

to our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. 

Valuetronics ensures that all staff (other than production line 

worker) sign an anti-corruption declaration on an annual 

basis. Dedicated whistleblowing hotlines using both email 

and electronic platforms are setup so that if anyone who 

wants to report any anti-business ethics issue can do so 

confidentially, and report of corruption is escalated to the 

attention of senior management.

When it comes to hiring, Valuetronics takes any possibility 

of conflict of interest into serious consideration. Our code of 

conduct clearly spells out our expectations from our staff and 

the subsequent consequences if any of the rules are violated 

or when standards not met. In addition, we also have fair 

grievance procedures.

The Group also takes measures to guard against cyber security 

risks in order to protect the confidential information for both 

our internal and external stakeholders. This also applies to 

our employment process where the privacy of all applicants 

is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to 

authorised persons on a strict need-to-know basis.

All of our staff is reminded of the importance of upholding 

the highest standards when it comes to business ethics. We 

have incorporated business ethics and codes of conduct into 

our orientation programme for newly joined staff, so that 

all of our employees are fully aware that compliance with 

rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible 

business.

Valuetronics has complied, in all material aspects, with 

applicable environmental rules and regulations, anti-

competitive behaviour laws, and requirements on health 

and safety. For FY2018, there were no significant fines or 

non-monetary sanctions for any non-compliance with the 

aforementioned laws, regulations and requirements. There 

have also been no reported incidents of corruption during 

the reporting period. It is Valuetronics’ goal to maintain zero 

incidents of corruption, and we regularly review our policies 

on whistleblowing and anti-corruption to ensure they are 

effective.





































03

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to 

identify our stakeholders and the material aspects relevant 

to our business. The interests and requirements of key 

stakeholders are taken into account when formulating our 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are 

not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, 

and local government. 





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































EMPLOYEES

• Orientation training for 

new recruits

• Annual performance 

review; appraisals

• Team-building events

• Townhall sessions 

• Electronic communication 

&amp; notice board

LOCAL GOVERNMENT

• Participation in 

government agencies’ 

seminars on policy 

updates

• On-site advisory visits

• Regular reports

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

• Participation in 

volunteer community 

service

INVESTORS/

SHAREHOLDERS

• Group Annual Report 

• Annual General Meeting 

• Analysts meeting

• Corporate day for 

institutional investors 

• Web portal &amp; email

CUSTOMERS

• Business review meetings

• Customer visits

• Executive dialogue

SUPPLIERS AND 

SERVICE PROVIDERS

• Supplier surveys

• Business meetings with 

critical suppliers

• Supplier factory audit

We adopt both formal and informal channels of 

communication to understand the needs of our key 

stakeholders, and incorporate their feedback into the 

evolution of corporate strategies so as to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships.



04

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of 

relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised as 

material factors, which are then validated. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in this 

sustainability report of which their inter-relationships is 

shown below:

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the 

year with the help of an external consultant. Going forward, a 

materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating 

inputs from our various stakeholder engagements.

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its 

potential impact on the economy, environment and society 

and its influence on stakeholders. Aspects were identified 

and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and 

social impact assessments on site. Applying the guidance 

from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects:



ECONOMIC

• Economic performance

• Local market presence

ENVIRONMENTAL

• Compliance

• Supplier environmental 

assessment

SOCIAL

• Diversity

• Fair employment practices

• Occupational health &amp; safety

• Training &amp; development

• Local community engagement

GOVERNANCE

• Enterprise risk management

• Anti-corruption, business 

ethics and compliance

IDENTIFICATION

Identification of the material factors 

that are of relevance to the Group’s 

activities

1

PRIORITISATION

Prioritisation of the material factors 

and identifies key sustainability 

factors to be reported upon

2

VALIDATION

Validation of the completeness of 

key sustainability factors identified to 

finalise the sustainability report content

3

4

REVIEW

Review focuses on the material factors 

in previous reporting period and also 

considers the result of the review for 

the preparation of the next reporting 

cycle



05

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


ECONOMIC



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Valuetronics closed FY2018 with record-breaking results 

driven by our operational excellence and strong demands 

from both the Consumer Electronics (“CE”) and Industrial, 

Commercial, 

Electronics 

(“ICE”) 

consumer 

portfolio. 

Consumer lifestyle products and Smart LED lighting with 

Internet-of-Things (“IoT”) features led the growth in the 

CE sector while printers and in-car connectivity modules led 

the growth in ICE sector.

The trend in our financial performance is shown below:























































































































FY2018 PERFORMANCE

25%

increase in 

REVENUE

33%

increase in 

NET PROFIT

35%

increase in 

DIVIDEND*





























21%

increase in  

GROSS 

PROFIT

























REVENUE

HK$ MILLION

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

Consumer Electronics

Industrial &amp; Commercial Electronics

1,653.4

1,473.0

824.6

987.1

1,398.1

1,455.6

1,287.8

1,128.3

956.3

779.9

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

HK$ MILLION

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

204.7

154.1

120.4

149.2

147.9

Since 2014, Valuetronics has adopted a dividend payout 

policy that targets an annual dividend payout of at least 30%, 

and up to 50%, of net profit attributable to shareholders. We 

will also consider the following factors in concluding the final 

payout amount:

1. The total dividend recommended, declared or paid in any 

financial year shall not exceed 50% of the total net profit 

attributable to Shareholders, unless otherwise approved 

by the Board;



06

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

* 

Subject to shareholders’ approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting


2. The Group’s actual and expected financial performance and 

financial conditions, retained earnings and distributable 

reserves, results of operations, and cash flow;

3. The level of the Company’s debt to equity ratio and return 

on equity;

4. The ability of the Company’s subsidiaries to make dividend 

payments to the Company;

5. Restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed 

on the Company by any financing arrangements;

6. The Group’s expected working capital requirements, 

expected 

capital 

expenditure, 

future 

expansion, 

investment plans, and other funding requirements;

7. General economic conditions and other internal or 

external factors that may have an impact on the business 

or financial performance and position of the Group, 

including such legal or contractual restrictions as may 

apply from time to time or which our Directors may 

consider appropriate in the interest of the Company; and

8. Other factors that the Directors deem appropriate.

We believe that our dividend policy will allow the Company 

easy access to the capital markets for fundraising should the 

need arise.

For our detailed financial results, please refer to the following 

sections in our FY2018 Annual Report:

• Financial Highlights, page 4

• Financial Review, page 5

• Financial Statements, pages 37 – 75



We posted a credible set of results 

for FY2018 on the back of good 

growth from both consumer electronics 

and industrial and commercial electronics 

segments. Our customers made up of brand 

leaders in their respective industries, and 

we will continue to identify and cultivate 

new customers in the ICE segment in order 

to further boost our long term growth and 

customer diversification.

Mr Tse Chong Hing, 

Chairman and Managing Director

0

10

20

30

40

50

EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) AND DIVIDENDS PER SHARE

HK cents

FY08

FY09

EPS

FY10

FY11

FY12

FY13

FY14

FY16

FY15

FY17

FY18

Dividend per share

Interim Dividend

23.2 7.8

13.6 4.5

15.2

7.0

31.1 14.0

33.2 17.0

19.9

8.0

36.9 20.0

36.4 20.0

29.0 20.0

36.8 20.0

48.1 27.0

LOCAL MARKET PRESENCE

Valuetronics operates primarily in PRC and has a policy of 

hiring from the local community, with the majority of middle 

management hired locally.

We have a policy of sourcing locally where possible, and 

the majority of our mechanical suppliers are either local or 

multinationals with facilities set up in the PRC. Sourcing 

locally, particularly from Southern China, helps to bring job 

opportunities to the local community.



07

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


ENVIRONMENTAL



COMPLIANCE

Valuetronics has achieved ISO14000 accreditation, standards 

for environmental management since year 2008. ISO14000 

is based on a plan-do-check-act methodology, providing 

a systematic framework for integrating environmental 

management 

practices 

by 

supporting 

environmental 

protection, preventing pollution, minimising waste and 

reducing energy and material use. Waste to be recycled is 

stored, collected and processed by qualified third party 

recycling firms.

Throughout the years, Valuetronics has undergone numerous 

environmental compliance audits by key customers as well 

as local authorities and third party certification bodies. All 

environmental compliance audits were passed without major 

non-conformities.

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

To raise environmental awareness among our suppliers, 

Valuetronics encourages suppliers to be accredited with 

ISO14000 requirements. With regard to raw materials that 

might contain environmentally hazardous substances, the 

Group has been working closely with suppliers to push 

forward more environmental protection awareness. Suppliers 

are required to make annual declaration on their ISO14000 

compliance. 

At present, the majority of our Printed Circuit Board (“PCB”) 

suppliers are now compliant with the ISO14000 requirements.





08

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT






09

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


SOCIAL



DIVERSITY

Valuetronics maintains a policy of providing equal opportunities to all its employees. The Group’s recruitment of employees 

and their subsequent annual appraisal are based on merit, work attitude, cooperation with other staff &amp; workers, and their 

efficiency and effectiveness of work.

Furthermore, the Group does not discriminate according to race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial attractiveness, physical 

impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality.

In FY2018, an almost equal ratio of male to female employees was noted and no incidents of discrimination have been reported 

during the period.

WORKING STRUCTURE BY AGE









































21-40

68%









































16-17

3%

WORKER DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER

MALE

46%

FEMALE

54%

STAFF (OTHER THAN PRODUCTION LINE WORKER)

MALE

57%

FEMALE

43%









































&gt;40

23%









































18-20

6%



10

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


































11

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


SOCIAL



FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

The Group considers its employees the most valuable 

asset and offers them a fair and competitive remuneration 

packages. Discretionary incentives are granted to eligible 

employees based on the performance of the Group as well as 

the individual employee. 

The Group has a strict no child labour policy and expects the 

same from all of its suppliers.

To provide employment opportunities to local students, the 

Group closely cooperates with local colleges and universities 

to provide a nurturing programme for fresh graduates. 

In the coming years, the Group expects to further expand 

its focus on the enhancement of career development paths 

for fresh graduates in order to enhance their professional 

knowledge and skills.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Valuetronics is pleased to confirm that there has been no fatal 

industrial accidents reported in FY2018. Our Environment, 

Health &amp; Safety (“EHS”) department is independent from 

operational departments and monitors the following to 

provide a safe working environment for all employees 

through the following measures:

• Identifying potential risks through routine campus patrols, 

drawing up and implementing preventive actions;

• Analysing each incident for its root causes and 

communicating with all the relevant department 

managers for corrective actions and implementing 

preventive measures;

• Conducting regular training to employees on safety 

practices;

• Reinforcing occupational health and safety awareness by 

providing training and putting up banners and posters in 

public areas;

• Closely following and ensuring compliance with the 

government’s rules and regulations on EHS;

• Ensuring fire safety management protocols are in place; 

performing routine check on fire safety; and carrying out 

regular fire drills and training.

In addition, EHS chairs regular health and safety meetings 

with all operational department managers to discuss 

occupational health and safety issues, focusing on the risks 

identified above. Immediate corrective action is carried out 

for each EHS incident, and that is followed by a formal review 

for further prevention. EHS also verifies the implementation 

and effectiveness of any corrective actions.





































12

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

Valuetronics provides its employees with an orientation 

programme and regular training.

The orientation programme is organised for new employees 

to introduce the company and its operations as well as its 

codes of conduct, applicable internal and external rules and 

regulations, and workplace safety practices.



For workers, regular training is provided for job-related 

skills and updates on workplace safety. For staff, in addition 

to workplace safety training, more specialised training is 

also held to ensure that they keep pace with the growth 

and development of the Group. Staff training records are 

regularly reviewed and specific training needs are identified 

for the individual’s career advancement. As per our in-house 

statistics, each staff averaged 28 training hours during 

FY2018.















































13

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


SOCIAL















































LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



14

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


















































































































































15

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE



Established in 1992 and headquartered in Hong Kong, 

Valuetronics was listed on the SGX Mainboard in 2007. Over 

the years, Valuetronics has grown to an integrated Electronics 

Manufacturing Services (“EMS”) provider with principal 

business segments ranging from Consumer Electronics 

(“CE”) Products to Industrial and Commercial Electronics 

(“ICE”) Products covering smart lighting products, printers, 

temperature sensing devices, communication products, 

automotive products and medical equipment.

Our proactive philosophy in customer engagement leverages 

on our Design and Development (“D&amp;D”) capabilities, 

supported by integrated manufacturing capabilities from 

plastic tool fabrication and injection molding, metal stamping 

and machining, to surface mount technology and full turnkey 

finished product assembly. As a one-stop manufacturing 

solution provider, we are set apart from traditional EMS 

providers. Our capability in providing vertical integrated 

services under one roof gives our customers the advantage 

of a faster time-to-market, better quality control, and most 

importantly, a competitive total cost of ownership.

Our wide product and customer range from emerging 

enterprises to top global multinational corporations is a 

testimony to the success in adopting this philosophy. It also 

further highlights our ability to accommodate customers’ 

requirement for various volume mix, complexity and 

industrial standards, while demonstrating our spectrum 

of competence. By constantly focusing on their objectives, 

priorities and needs, we continue to develop long-term 

relationships with our global customers in the consumer, 

commercial, industrial, automotive and medical equipment 

industries.

Today, we are a premier design, manufacturing partner for 

the world’s leading brands in various sectors, which span 

across a wide geographical region that covers America, 

Europe and the Asia Pacific. At Valuetronics, we deliver not 

just products, but total solutions that meet the needs of our 

diverse client base.









16

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2018 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT





VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Unit 9-11, 7/F Technology Park, 

No. 18 On Lai Street, Shatin

New Territories, Hong Kong

T 852 2790 8278 I F 852 2304 1851

www.valuetronics.com.hk

