


SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT 2021




Contents

 1 

Board Statement

 2 

Scope of Report

 3 

Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability

 9 

Accountability to Stakeholders

 10 

Materiality Matrix

 11 

Our Value Creation Model

 12 

Corporate Profile

 14 

Economic

 

•		Our	Approach

 

•		Group	Businesses

 

•		Financial	Highlights

 

•		Financial	Capital

 

•		Responsible	Tax	Management

 

•		Our	Performance	and	Targets

 

•		Store	Locations

 20 

Governance

 

•	Corporate	Governance

 

•	Compliance	with	Laws	and	Regulations

 

•	Ethics	and	Integrity

 

•	Anti-Corruption	and	Anti-Fraud

 

•	Prevention	of	Money	Laundering	

 

	 and	Terrorist	Financing

 

•	Risk	Management

 

•	Supply	Chain	and	Procurement	Practices

 

•	Service	Quality	and	Responsibility

 

•	Awards	and	Achievements

 28 

Environment

 

•	A	sustainable	Organisation

 

•	Our	Approach

 

•	Reducing	Energy	and	Water	Consumption

 

•	Reducing	Waste

 

•	Incorporate	Sustainability	in	Procurement

 

•	Target	Plan	for	Emissions	Reduction

 31 

Social

 

•	People

 

•	Diversity	and	Equal	Opportunity

 

•	Talent	Management

 

•	Training	and	Education

 

•	Employee	Wellness	and	Benefits

 

•	Health	and	Safety

 

•	Business	Partner	and	Stakeholders	Engagement

 

•	Labour	–	Management	Relations

 

•	Customer	Privacy	and	Data	Protection

 40 

Community

 

•	ValueMax	Covid19	Response

 

•	Corporate	Social	Responsibility

 45 

GRI Content Index

 

Annual Report FY2021


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     1 

Sustainability is critical for the long term success of any enterprise, especially enterprises with the conviction to achieve triple 

bottom line, namely People, Profit, Planet, for the benefits of both the private enterprise and the society.

At ValueMax Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Group” or “Company” or “ValueMax”), we are committed to uphold 

high standards of Economic, Social and Governance (ESG) practices within our organisation and embrace our corporate social 

responsibility with conviction and fervour.

We believe our sustainable growth and success is only possible with the sustainable development of the communities we 

operate in, be they social, business or national communities.

Driving long term sustainability is our vision. Centred on our key material issues, we have charted a four pronged approach 

to our sustainable development roadmap. We will endeavour to set ourselves on the journey of achieving a good balance in 

financial growth as well as ESG performance.

Corporate social responsibility is in the DNA of our organisation. As one of the market leaders in both the pawnbroking 

and money-lending industries, we demonstrate our commitment through the adoption of responsible lending and borrowing 

practices. The Group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the prevention of money 

laundering and terrorism financing. The Board expects all Group employees to be vigilant to prevent any illegal use of the Group’s 

products and services by money launderers, terrorists or those financing terrorist activities. 

To reflect this commitment, the Company has developed a Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (PMLTF) 

Framework and the related procedures and controls by drawing on practices from other related industries with significant 

PMLTF compliance activities.

Managing risks well and capitalising on opportunities within sight for future returns are key to ensuring sustainable profitability. In 

2021, we were awarded the certificate of achievement under the Centurion Category for: the Best Performing Stock, Fastest-

Growing Company and Overall Sector Winner in the Banking &amp; Investment Services and Insurance Sector Category by The 

Edge, Singapore. The award is a recognition of excellence for companies listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX).

In 2021, ValueMax was awarded the Singapore Corporate Awards 2020/2021 (Special Edition) – for Corporate Excellence and 

Resilience. The award is jointly organised by Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, Singapore Institute of Directors 

and The Business Times in recognition for exemplary companies that have upheld best practices in corporate governance and 

shown leadership, innovation and resilience during the pandemic.

Being a responsible corporate citizen, we believe in reducing carbon footprint as well as giving back to the society by actively 

participating in business and community initiatives. Over the years, we have taken the lead to implement several major key 

initiatives such as embarking on the e-shop programme to monitor our water and energy consumption, making annual donations 

to UOB’s Heartbeat charity campaign, actively supporting the community through People’s Association Citizens’ Consultative 

Committees, and caring for the special needs children and lonely seniors staying in one-room flats. 

ValueMax made a contribution to the SUTD Bursary through the Singapore Pawnbrokers’ Association Charity Drive in 2021. 

The SUTD Bursary Award is established to provide financial assistance to deserving full-time undergraduate students that 

demonstrated financial need.

Moving forward, we are committed to invest in strengthening our staff training and development roadmap. We believe that long 

term investment in human capital is the key to the long term sustainable success of the Group.

Board Statement

Board of Directors

ValueMax Group Limited


2     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Scope of Report  

During the year, we adopted a formal reporting approach by applying the international reporting framework, Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, in preparing our sustainability report.

For reference to the GRI Content Index, please refer to pages 45-49.

At ValueMax, we recognise the importance of sustainability to our business. We work to create more value, using fewer 

resources than the year before. We do it by managing our resources in a way that benefits our customers, employees, partners, 

community members and society while using fewer resources, minimizing waste, and improving the environmental performance 

and effectiveness of our services, products and processes. We seek mutually beneficial outcomes with our stakeholders.

This sustainability report will highlight the challenges and material issues that are important to our stakeholders, our strategy in 

managing these challenges and issues, and how we have performed in terms of our key performance indicators.




ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     3 

Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability  

With our vision and corporate values in mind, we are making an effort to integrate sustainability into the business model of 

ValueMax so that it is systematic and seamless. Where possible, we incorporate sustainability considerations in our decision-

making processes.

Our sustainability efforts are led by our senior management who ensures that the Group’s business objectives are in line with 

our commitments to sustainable development. Senior management is responsible for on-going communication to the Board 

of Directors.

Senior management has determined focus areas where ValueMax can have the greatest economic, environmental and social 

impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our stakeholders.

ValueMax has taken efforts to seek the opinion of internal and external stakeholders either formally or informally. We aspire to 

understand the needs and expectations of our key stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial relationships.

Reporting Boundaries and Standards 

The report is also prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content, including: 

• Materiality: 

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to 

stakeholders. Responding to stakeholder expectations and interests. 

• Stakeholder Inclusiveness: Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability. 

• Sustainability Context: 

Including all information that is of significant economic, environmental and social impact to 

enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s performance.

• Completeness: 

We use a consolidated operating approach to determine organisational boundaries. Our 

data is an aggregation of our 41 outlets (with effect from 1 January 2022) in Singapore. Our 

base year is 2017, the year we produced our first sustainability report.

Reporting Period and Scope

This report covers data and information from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 and discusses ValueMax’s achievements 

and performance towards Environmental, Social and Governance issues. It covers all entities that ValueMax either has 

control of, or a significant influence over, in terms of financial and operational policies and measures. All data contained 

herein is derived from ValueMax’s official documents and statistical reports. The scope of the entities covered in this report is 

consistent with the scope of organizations discussed in the ValueMax 2021 Annual Report. This report has been prepared in 

accordance to the GRI Standards: Core Option.

ValueMax prints only limited copies of this sustainability report as part of our environmental conservation efforts. Current 

electronic edition of the report is available at www.valuemax.com.sg

Governance Structure

Teamwork

Integrity

Dedication

Competence

Empathy

Reliability

Board of Directors

Senior Management

Our Values


4     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Material 

Factors

Current Achievement

2021 Target

Financial

•	 ValueMax contributes to the 

wider economy by creating jobs for 

employees, sourcing from suppliers 

of products and services, supporting 

local communities, paying taxes 

to governments and dividends to 

shareholders.

•	 Our conviction is to achieve a 

balanced triple bottomline in ‘People, 

Profit, Planet’ for sustainable growth 

both for the organisation and the 

community it operates in.

•	 We will continue to deliver 

better services and products 

while consuming fewer 

resources.

•	 We will steward responsible 

management of our actions and 

the resources entrusted to our 

care in a manner that respects 

the rights of others.

•	 Although profit is not our only 

goal, we do regard it as a valid 

and important measure of our 

contributions to society.”

Taxation

•	 ValueMax is committed to complying 

with the tax laws and regulations 

across the countries in which we 

operate. We file our tax returns 

accurately and in a timely manner, and 

fulfill our tax obligations responsibly.

•	 ValueMax aims to maintain 

zero case of non-compliance 

with regard to tax compliance.

Reducing 

Energy 

and Water 

Consumption

•	 ValueMax has been improving energy 

efficiency to reduce greenhouse gas 

emissions.

•	 With our flagship store at Waterloo 

Centre being newly certified as 

an Eco-shop in 2018, all outlets 

have embarked on the Eco-shop 

programme in collaboration with the 

Singapore Environmental Council 

(“SEC”). “

•	 ValueMax is committed 

to reductions in our energy 

and water consumption with 

efficiency measures. 

•	 We will roll out the eco-shop 

standard to all our new shops.

•	 We minimise our 

environmental footprint through 

business travel reduction.

•	 We will also raise 

environmental awareness our 

properties and rental business.

Reducing 

Waste

•	 Our resources are managed 

responsibly to create value for 

ValueMax and our entities and that it 

promote a strong environmental friendly 

culture.

•	 ValueMax puts in 

environmental conservation 

effort through adopting Reduce, 

Reuse, Recycle and energy 

efficient practices.

•	 We promote environmental 

stewardship to our tenants, 

shoppers, and residents.

Incorporate 

Sustainability 

in 

Procurement

•	 ValueMax is currently adopting the 

applicable green procurement policies 

from GreenGov.SG framework and 

initiatives championed by agencies 

such as the National Environment 

Agency.

•	 We embed energy efficiency 

and sustainability considerations 

in our procurement by 

developing new relationships 

with our suppliers as well as 

employees

Target Table for Sustainability Report

Economic

Environmental


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     5 

Material 

Factors

Current Achievement

2021 Target

Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity

•	 ValueMax selects and empowers 

employees, including leaders, who 

have a variety of perspectives, 

aptitudes, skills, knowledge, 

experiences, and backgrounds.

•	 This diversity enables us to work 

together to identify opportunities, solve 

problems, and create greater value for 

others.

•	 We solicit challenge consistently and 

respectfully from employees at all levels 

of the organization.

•	 We will continue to expand 

our outreach to hire and 

retain contribution-motivated 

employees.

Training and 

Education

•	 ValueMax has invested in employee 

development based on KPIs, 

training  and employee engagement 

programmes.

•	 We discover and develop employees’ 

innate abilities and apply them 

to contribute and succeed when 

empowered to do so.

•	 ValueMax creates opportunities 

based on each individual’s unique gifts 

and potential to contribute.

•	 We target to maintain or 

increase the average training 

hours per employee over the 

next 3 years.

•	 We will set up a scheme 

that supports employee 

development by designing roles 

that fit, coaching and mentoring 

to help them thrive, seeking 

and using their knowledge 

and ideas, removing barriers, 

and encouraging role changes 

(anywhere across ValueMax) 

that enable them to more fully 

realize their potential.

Employee 

Wellness and 

Benefits

•	 We reward employees for their 

contribution to the long-term success 

of ValueMax consistent with our core 

values.

•	 We continually look for mutually 

beneficial outcomes by providing 

employees with benefit choices 

aligned with their values and personal 

situations.

•	 ValueMax aims to increase 

employee engagement by 

organizing peer-to-peer learning 

groups to discuss challenges 

and find solutions.

•	 We will interview those 

employees who have decided 

to leave to narrow down the 

reasons for resignation.

•	 We will survey employees on 

how to make the workplace a 

better place to come to.

Health and 

Safety

•	 The safety and well-being of our 

employees and communities is our first 

priority.

•	 We build capability in our employees 

and resilience in our systems to prevent 

serious incidents.

•	 ValueMax maintains no 

event of non-compliance of 

the Workplace Safety and 

Health Act and COVID-19 Safe 

Management Measures.

•	 We will continue to abide by 

the requirements to continue to 

ensure safe workplaces for all.

Social


6     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Material 

Factors

Current Achievement

2021 Target

Business 

Partner and 

Stakeholders 

Engagement

•	 We are guided by the vision of 

creating more value for others through 

virtuous cycles of mutual benefit.

•	 We strive to be a responsible 

corporate citizen by working closely 

with our stakeholders to understand 

their concerns and feedback.

•	 We will continue to build 

mutually beneficial, long-term 

partnerships with customers, 

employees, suppliers, 

regulators, and the communities 

in which we operate.

Labour-

Management 

Relations

•	 ValueMax openly and proactively 

communicates with employees about 

our principles.

•	 We strive to treat every person 

with dignity and respect, encourage 

and foster networking, and sponsor 

activities that are inclusive and focus on 

shared interests.

•	 We celebrate the uniqueness of each 

individual and believe it is disrespectful 

to judge a person—positively or 

negatively— based on group identity.

•	 Characteristics such as heritage, 

gender, and many others often inform 

an individual’s experiences and 

perspectives and can help them create 

value, but no single characteristic 

should be used to define another 

person.

•	 ValueMax personalizes 

one-on-one discussions with 

an “open door” policy where 

employees will feel comfortable 

speaking up and trusting the 

leadership of the managers.

•	 We aim to make technology 

accessible to everyone by 

understanding the needs of all 

workers in adopting new digital 

tools.

•	 We are also providing 

the technology, tools, and 

training to use those tools 

so that staying connected is 

not a burden. Remove the 

stress some employees might 

feel when faced with new 

technology by giving them 

training and touching base to 

be sure they are comfortable.

Customer 

Privacy 

and Data 

Protection

•	 At ValueMax, we conduct our 

business in strict adherence to data 

protection laws – the Personal Data 

Protection Act (PDPA) in Singapore.

•	 We apply a robust IT security 

framework. We leverage early-warning 

systems, data, and technology to 

quickly address problems and keep 

us on track.

•	 We aim to maintain the 

security of our IT systems and 

zero incident of breaches of 

customer privacy and loss of 

customer data.

Corporate 

Governance

•	 ValueMax embraces the tenets of 

sound corporate governance including 

accountability, transparency and 

sustainability.

•	 ValueMax strived, where applicable, 

to align its policies and practices to the 

regulatory standards.

•	 We commit to enhance 

value to our shareholders 

over the long term with the 

appropriate people, processes 

and structure to direct and 

manage the business and 

affairs of the Company, to 

achieve operational excellence 

and deliver the Company’s 

long-term strategic objectives, 

enhancing value to its 

shareholders over the long-

term.

Social

Governance


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     7 

Material 

Factors

Current Achievement

2021 Target

Compliance 

with 

Laws and 

Regulations

•	 The decision-making process in the 

Group is strictly in line with legal and 

regulatory requirements under the 

Ministry of Law and in compliance with 

the Code of Corporate Governance 

issued by Monetary Authority of 

Singapore and the guidelines of the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore.

•	 ValueMax aims to 

continuously build mutually 

beneficial, long-term 

partnerships with regulators 

and the communities in which 

we operate, giving preference 

to those who are principled and 

committed to creating value in 

society.

•	 We also aim to maintain 0 

case of non-compliance of the 

legislation.

Ethics and 

Integrity

•	 ValueMax has robust compliance 

standards and risk management 

systems.

•	 Our Global Code of Conduct, 

and the training on the Code that 

all employees receive articulates 

expectations for every employee 

regardless of role.

•	 We aim to maintain our 

standard of compliance and to 

pave communication channels 

for employees and third parties 

for raising issues and concerns 

without retaliation.

Anti-

Corruption 

and 

Anti-Fraud

•	 With zero-tolerance policy on bribery 

and corruption, ValueMax have in place 

effective monitoring and management 

control systems to detect bribery, fraud 

or other malpractice activities directly at 

the source. 

•	 ValueMax aims to maintain 

100% completion rates for 

mandatory staff training in 2022 

(Fraud awareness and whistle-

blowing) and zero incidents of 

corruption.

Prevention 

of Money 

Laundering 

and Terrorist 

Financing

•	 The Group has developed a 

Prevention of Money Laundering 

and Terrorist Financing (“PMLTF”) 

Framework and the related procedures 

and controls by drawing on best 

practices from related financial 

industries with significant PMLTF 

compliance activities.

•	 Our target is to maintain 

100 per cent compliance and 

to build partnerships with 

associations;

•	 And engage with the 

community to prevent money 

laundering and counter 

terrorism financing.

Risk 

Management

•	 ValueMax started our Enterprise Risk 

Management (“ERM”) framework to roll 

out a systematic approach to identify, 

assess and manage risks. 

•	 ValueMax aims to implement 

a Whistle-Blowing Policy to 

provide an avenue through 

which employees may report or 

communicate, in good faith and 

in confidence, any concerns 

relating to financial and other 

matters, so that independent 

investigation of such matters 

can be conducted and 

appropriate follow-up action 

taken.

Governance


8     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Material 

Factors

Current Achievement

2021 Target

Supply 

Chain and 

Procurement 

Practices

•	 We work closely with its contractors 

and suppliers who are committed to 

high quality environmental, health and 

safety standards.

•	 Our procurement practices form 

the basis for our engagement with 

its supply chain to influence them to 

operate responsibly in the areas of 

anti-corruption, human rights, health 

and safety, as well as environmental 

management.

•	 We aim to drive responsible 

business practices across our 

supply chain in the areas of 

human and labour rights as well 

as environment.

Service 

Quality and 

Responsibility

•	 Our service quality is one of the 

significant elements that influence the 

customer to choose ValueMax.

•	 Our valuers and professional staff 

serve our customers professionally and 

ethically.

•	 Customers are advised on the 

valuation of their collaterals based on 

the current market price as well as the 

terms of their contracts.”

•	 ValueMax aims to provide 

the quality service that is in the 

consumer’s rights to expect by 

complying with the Consumer 

Protection (Fair Trading) Act 

(Cap. 52A).

•	 We ensure the consumers’ 

right to expect acceptable 

quality through services that are 

provided with due care or skill, 

fit for any specified purpose, 

and provided in a reasonable 

time.

Corporate 

Social 

Responsibility

•	 Being a corporate responsible 

citizen, we believe in giving back to the 

society. While we strive to achieve our 

financial goals and objectives, we also 

believe in playing our part in serving our 

local community.

•	 Over the last five years, 

ValueMax has actively 

participated in business and 

community initiatives. We aim to 

continue our list of philanthropic 

endeavors, as we seek to make 

society better through mutual 

benefit.

ValueMax 

Covid19 

Response

•	 Amid the unprecedented crisis, our 

teams across the entire Group came 

together with a shared mission to 

navigate the difficult times.

•	 In everything we did, the safety, 

health and wellbeing of our colleagues 

and customers have been of utmost 

importance.

•	 Complementing the government’s 

schemes, we provided rental rebates 

to assist affected tenants across all our 

properties, on a case-by-case basis.

•	 The Group will continue to 

prioritize the safety, health and 

wellbeing of the employees and 

customers.

•	 Through philanthropy, 

partnerships and participation, 

we will continue to foster social 

inclusiveness and strive to help 

society emerge stronger than 

before.

Governance

Community


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     9 

Accountability to Stakeholders  

We strive to be a responsible corporate citizen by working closely with our stakeholders to understand their concerns and 

feedback. The stakeholder engagement provides valuable information for our sustainability reporting, particularly in determining 

the material environmental and social issues. We will continue to engage our external stakeholders more extensively to identify 

areas that are material, sustainable and necessary for future development. 

Our Key Stakeholders

How We Engage Them

Key Topics

Our Customers

•	 Informal feedback sessions 

•	 Informal surveys conducted by management

•	 Zoom meetings

•	 Product features, value proposition 

of ValueMax

•	 Customer feedback

Shareholders and 

Financial Community

•	 Results briefing at least yearly

•	 Annual General Meeting

•	 Emails and tele-conferences with investors 

and financial analysts

•	 Financial results

•	 Key business developments such 

as new acquisitions, opening of new 

outlets, entering new related  

•	 businesses, etc. 

•	 Investor relations

Employees

•	 Periodic townhall meetings 

•	 Performance appraisals

•	 Team bonding and company events  

•	 Internal communication through face-to-face 

meetings, telephone calls, emails, WhatsApp 

and social media

•	 Zoom meetings

•	 Information update by 

management

•	 Staff feedback on work-related 

issues

Suppliers

•	 Regular meetings

•	 Emails and telephone calls

•	 Tradeshows 

•	 Zoom meetings

•	 Feedback on their products and 

services 

•	 Information of their new product or 

service

Government and 

Regulatory Agencies

•	 Consultations 

•	 Discussions 

•	 Regulatory and industry standards 

and guidelines

Local Community

•	 Community outreach activities

•	 Partner with local not-for-profit 

charitable organisations to identify 

the target beneficiaries 

Media

•	 Regular communication through meetings, 

emails and telephone calls

•	 Zoom meetings

•	 Financial results

•	 Key business developments

Trade Associations

•	 Regular communication through meetings, 

emails, telephone calls and online meetings

•	 Initiatives for industry and 

bussinesses,

•	 Feedback on government policies


10     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 





1

3

5

12

4

6

8

11

13

7

10

14

9

15

2

1

2

3

4

5

5

4

3

2

1

Importance to External Stakeholders

Importance to Internal Stakeholders

1 

Legal compliance and governance

2  Anti-corruption and anti-fraud

3  Service quality and responsibility

4 

 Health and safety

5  Economic contribution to society

6  Certified green office

7  Wages and local hiring

8  Environmental impact assessment 

and mitigation

 9 Diversity and equal opportunity

10 Training and education

11 Business partners engagement

12 Stakeholder engagement

13 Labour-management relations

14 Supply chain and procurement practices

15 Customer privacy and data protection

MATERIALITy MATRIx

Importance to Stakeholders


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     11 

Our Value Creation Model

ECOnOMIC

•	 Generate	good	returns	to	shareholders	

•	 Drive	cost	and	skills	leadership

•	 Maintain	market	leadership	position

•	 Drive	consistent	business	prospects	through	

organic growth and acquisitions

SOCIAL

•	 Build	 a	 resilient	 organisation	 and	 caring	

society

•	 Provide	the	financial	mechanism	to	promote	

greater support for the short-term financing/

micro-financing in society

•	 Build	partnership	and	bonds	with	stakeholder

•	 Invest	in	employee	development	based	on	

KPIs, training and employee engagement 

programmes

EnVIROnMEnTAL

•	 Promote	 a	 strong	 environmental-friendly	

culture

•	 Promote	environmental	conservation	through	

waste minimisation, recycling and energy 

efficient practices

GOVERNANCE

•	 Focus	on	risk	management	by	having	good	

corporate governance and well-developed 

policies and procedures 

•	 Achieve	 compliance	 management	 with	

applicable laws and regulations










12     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

2

ValueMax provides pawnbroking, moneylending, retail of jewellery and timepieces, as well as gold trading services. With a 

history dating back to 1988, ValueMax grew over the years and in 2013 became the first pawnbroking chain to be listed on the 

mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange.

Drawing on a solid track record of professional service and in-depth industry knowledge, ValueMax has expanded to 41 

pawnbroking and retail outlets at strategic locations throughout Singapore and has 2 other pawnshops operated by associated 

and investee companies. Abroad, ValueMax operates 17 outlets in Malaysia through its associated companies. ValueMax is 

also involved in the business of gold trading and moneylending.

Externally, we rely on our customers and partners. Customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we create value for 

them with our services and products. Internally, we rely on our hard-working and dedicated employees. We work with a broad 

range of stakeholders including partners, industry organizations, and standards organizations to cultivate a broader ecosystem 

that thrives on shared success. In this way, we can help drive the growth of the industry as a whole.

We create local employment opportunities, pay taxes, and comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the countries where 

we operate. We also openly engage with governments, the media, and other stakeholders.

An award-winning company, ValueMax and its subsidiaries have received various awards and certification which include:

(i) 

Singapore Corporate Awards 2021/2022 - A Special Recognition Award to recognise outstanding and exemplary conduct 

related to corporate governance not covered by the other awards;

(ii) The Edge Billion Dollar Club 2020, Centurion Category under Banking &amp; Investment Services; Insurance Sector Category

 

- Overall Sector Winner;

 

- The Fastest-Growing Company;

 

- The Most Profitable Company.

(iii) EY Entrepreneur of the Year in 2019 by our CEO and Managing Director, Mr Yeah Hiang Nam, PBM;

(iv) Singapore Quality Class – Service Award in recognition of our commitment towards business and quality Excellence;

(v) 15th SIAS Investors’ Choice Award – Most Transparent Company Award 2014, runner up position for New Issues;

(vi) 2014 Singapore SME 1000 Awards in Net Profit Excellence;

(vii) 2014 Singapore SME 1000 Awards in Sales Growth Excellence;

(viii) Prestige Brand Award – Established Brands 2010;

(ix) Enterprise 50 Award 2010; and

(x) Entrepreneur of the Year Award 2010 by our Managing Director and CEO Mr Yeah Hiang Nam, PBM.

Corporate Profile


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     13 



Our Vision

To be the most trusted alternative financial services provider, lending 

strength to communities.

Our Mission

To provide excellent value to our customers through professionalism, 

reliability and fair pricing.

Our Values

 C  – Competence; providing professional services

 R  – Reliability; delivering value consistently

 E  – Empathy; understanding the needs of customers

 D  – Dedication; putting best efforts at work

 I  – Integrity; upholding our trustworthiness

 T  – Teamwork; treating one another like family


14     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 



Our Approach

ValueMax contribute to the wider economy by creating jobs for employees, sourcing from suppliers of products and services, 

supporting local communities, paying taxes to governments and dividends to shareholders. Promoting responsible borrowing 

is also a part of our growing business and one of our contributions to the society. We achieve an economic presence by 

contributing to the range of short to medium term credit facilities to individuals and corporations, while maintaining good 

stewardship of the resources we manage and generate good shareholders’ value.

We have frameworks, policies, guidelines and procedures in place to ensure that we remain responsible and disciplined 

in how we drive our growth to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and 

communities. Sustainability trends such as climate change, resource scarcity and demographic changes shape the 

competitive environment in which ValueMax operates by introducing long term sustainability opportunities and recognising 

risks. We therefore view our business performance beyond short term gains and financial bottomline. Our conviction is 

to achieve a balanced triple bottomline in ‘People, Profit, Planet’ for sustainable growth both for the organisation and the 

community it operates in. 

ECOnOMIC

Group Businesses

Each of our outlets is operated by a team of professional valuers and operations staff, overseen by ValueMax’s corporate 

office. We strive to maintain our market position by ensuring we gain the trust of our customers and their families, while 

consistently building our reputation and brand name. More importantly, we strive to contribute positively to the society 

through our economic presence by contributing to the range of short to medium term credit facilities to individuals and 

corporations, while maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage and generate good shareholders’ value. 

The main sources of the Group’s operating cashflows are derived from pawnbroking, moneylending, retail of jewellery and 

watches, and gold trading businesses. 


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     15 











GOLD TRADING

The Group’s gold trading wholesale company purchases scrap gold from its own 

subsidiaries as well as other pawnbrokers and jewellery traders, while it sells fine 

gold bars to jewellery factories, wholesalers and retailers. 

Group Businesses



PAWN BROKING

The main business of the Group is pawnbroking service. Pawnbroking is a form 

of collateralised loan. Pawners pledge personal valuables as collaterals for the 

loans extended. Typical pledges include jewellery in yellow or white gold, diamond 

jewellery, and branded timepieces. Gold, platinum or silver bars and coins are 

also pawned.

MONEY LENDING

The Group’s moneylending business grants both secured and unsecured loans. 

The main target market for the moneylending business includes businessmen 

and corporates that have urgent cash needs. In addition, the Group also provides 

financing to the automotive industry.

RETAIL OF JEWELLERY

&amp; WATCHES

The Group sells both new and pre-owned jewellery at all its outlets. The merchandise 

includes gold and diamond jewellery, gold bars and coins, branded watches and 

Hermès bags. Pre-owned gold and diamond jewellery undergo a makeover process 

to look new, while  pre-owned watches are polished and the movements thoroughly 

checked. The rejuvenated pre-owned items are sold at attractive second-hand prices.

ECOnOMIC










16     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Financial Highlights

REVEnUE ($’million)

PROFIT BEFORE TAx ($’million)

nET ASSET VALUE ($’million)

EARnInGS PER SHARE (cents)

















FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

239.4

208.7

235.9

276.1

275.5

















FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

22

23.6

31.3

40.1

49.6

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

183.8

197.4

221.7

255

327.4

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

3.58

3.8

4.68

6

6.38

ECOnOMIC


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     17 

Financial Capital

ValueMax posted S$42.1 million net profit for FY 2021 with a consistent growth plan and a healthy pace of expansion at 2 to 

3 new outlets in Singapore and Malaysia per year. Our business model focuses on cost leadership without compromising our 

service level and highest priority on customers’ interest. We seek organic growth from the existing outlets as well as through 

the acquisition of new businesses that reap good returns. 

The success of our business is highly dependent on the commitment of our management and staff. Their knowledge, 

professional expertise and their job satisfaction are key to our economic sustainability. Sound risk management coupled with 

good corporate governance policies and practices are vital in driving the Group’s long-term growth and shareholder value. 

The Group maintains a prudent capital structure and actively reviews its cashflows and overall liquidity position on an ongoing 

basis. In today’s highly volatile business environment, ValueMax has, beyond sustained earnings, diligently embraced prudent 

financial management, capitalised on our assets and investments, and remained focused on growth strategies, to enhance 

shareholders’ value.

For more information on ValueMax’s financial and business performance, please refer to Annual Report FY2021.

ECOnOMIC




18     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

ECOnOMIC

Responsible Tax Management

ValueMax is committed to complying with the tax laws and regulations across the countries in which we operate. We file our 

tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfill our tax obligations responsibly.

Tax Risk Management

The Group Chief Financial Officer is responsible for oversight of all tax matters. ValueMax takes a low tolerance approach 

towards tax risk. ValueMax also files our tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfil our tax obligations responsibly 

by seeking professional advice from external consultants where necessary.

Cooperation with tax authorities

ValueMax builds constructive relationships with tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are open, transparent 

and cooperative in our dealings with the relevant tax authorities and we comply with legal obligations, including compliance, 

reporting and payment responsibilities. We abide by guidelines or recommendations issued by tax authorities and respond to 

tax queries in a timely manner and being forthcoming with information when requested.

Our Performance and Targets

We manage our operations in accordance to our sustainability principles. We work closely with our management and operation 

staff to identify and consider any sustainability opportunities and risks that may arise. Sustainability trends such as resource 

scarcity, demographic changes and climate change shapes the competitive environment in which ValueMax operates by 

introducing long term sustainability opportunities and recognising risks.

Our Performance in 2021

In 2021, we generated pre tax profits of $49.6 million and paid of $18.7 million in employee compensation and benefits and 

accrued $7.4 million in income tax payable. There were no material instances of non-compliance with regard to tax management. 

From profit after tax of $42.1 million, we intend to distribute dividends of $13.13 million to shareholders subject to their approval 

at the Company Annual General Meeting. Across our network, we created livelihoods for almost 500 people with a high 

percentage of local employee representation, and have also supported local businesses, creating jobs through the goods and 

services we bought from our suppliers in our four key businesses.

Our Targets for 2022

ValueMax aims to maintain zero case of non-compliance with regard to tax management and to achieve a sustainable growth 

both for the organisation and the community it operates in.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     19 

Store Locations

NORTH 

AnG MO KIO

703 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 #01-2529 S(560703) 

T: 6456 7990 

339 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1 #01-1585 S(560339) 

T: 6452 0679

BISHAN

282 Bishan Street 22 #01-151 S(570282) 

T: 6452 0596

HOUGANG CENTRAL

809 Hougang Central #01-182 S(530809) 

T: 6385 0186

KOVAn

204 Hougang Street 21 #01-121 S(530204) 

T: 6285 7600

PUnGGOL MRT

70 Punggol Central #01-03 Punggol MRT Station S(828868) 

T: 6886 0060

RIVERVALE

11 Rivervale Crescent #01-23/24 Rivervale Mall S(545082) 

T: 6978 5089 

SEnGKAnG KOPITIAM SQUARE

10 Sengkang Square Shop #01-116 Kopitiam Square S(544829) 

T: 6817 8711

SEnGKAnG MRT

5 Sengkang Square #02-03 Sengkang MRT Station S(545062) 

T: 6384 9700

SERANGOON CENTRAL

262 Serangoon Central Drive #01-99 S(550262) 

T: 6858 6500

WOODLAnDS MRT

30 Woodlands Avenue 2 #01-50 Woodlands MRT Station S(738343) 

T: 6362 0200

WOODLANDS VISTA POINT

548 Woodlands Drive 44 #01-17/18 Vista Point S(730548) 

T: 6893 0871

YISHUN

292 Yishun Street 22 #01-275 S(760292) 

T: 6752 2232 

925 Yishun Central 1 #01-227 S(760925) 

T: 6817 8712

YISHUN CHONG PANG

101 Yishun Avenue 5 #01-63 S(760101) 

T: 6754 2251

CENTRAL 

BALESTIER

621 Balestier Road S(329913)

T: 6817 2875 

BOOn KEnG

25 Bendemeer Road #01-579 S(330025) 

T: 6299 3550

BUGIS

66 Queen Street, Bugis Village S(188545) 

T: 6817 8976

HAVELOCK

77 Indus Road #01-527 S(160077) 

T: 6272 1800

LUCKy PLAZA

304 Orchard Road #01-22 Lucky Plaza S(238863)

T: 6950 5533

304 Orchard Road #01-24/25 Lucky Plaza S(238863)

T: 6978 5088  

PEOPLE’S PARK CEnTRE

101 Upper Cross Street #01-14 People’s Park Centre S(058357)

T: 6950 5621 

*	held	by	an	associated	company	in	Singapore

ECOnOMIC

TEKKA

664 Buffalo Road #01-05/06 S(210664) 

T: 6298 0018 

TOA PAYOH

184 Toa Payoh Central #01-360 S(310184) 

T: 6354 1488

WATERLOO CENTRE

261 Waterloo Centre #01-31 S(180261) 

T: 6481 1788 (Moneylending Outlet)

261 Waterloo Centre #01-33 S(180261) 

T: 6255 0372

261 Waterloo Centre #01-35 S(180261) 

T: 6817 8919 (Moneylending Outlet)

261 Waterloo Centre #01-39 S(180261)

WEST 

BUKIT BATOK

1 Bukit Batok Central Link #01-24 West Mall S(658713) 

T: 6817 8763

BOOn LAy MRT

301 Boon Lay Way #01-21/22 Boon Lay MRT Station S(649846) 

T: 6790 0955

BUKIT GOMBAK

372 Bukit Batok Street 31 #01-368 S(650372) 

T: 6569 0500

CHOA CHU KAnG

309 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 4 #01-02 Choa Chu Kang Centre S(680309) 

T: 6817 2958

JURONG POINT

1 Jurong West Central 2 #01-05 to 07 Jurong Point (JP2) S(648886) 

T: 6817 2878

JCUBE

2 Jurong East Central 1 #01-01 Jcube S(609731)

T: 6817 8760

BOON LAY

221 Boon Lay Place #01-198 Boon Lay Shopping Center S(640221) 

T: 6950 3506

EAST

ALJUNIED

119 Aljunied Avenue 2 #01-40 S(380119) 

T: 6742 0057

BEDOK TOWn CEnTRE

213 Bedok North Street 1 #01-121 S(460213) 

T: 6243 2126

BEDOK TOWn CEnTRE 

218 Bedok North Street 1 #01-31 S(460218) 

T: 6441 2480

JOO CHIAT COMPLEx (Ar-Rahnu)

1 Joo Chiat Road #01-1023 Joo Chiat Complex S(420001) 

T: 6817 6176

PASIR RIS EAST

442 Pasir Ris Drive 6 #01-24 S(510442) 

T: 6583 8398

PASIR RIS MRT

10 Pasir Ris Central #01-13 Pasir Ris MRT Station S(519634) 

T: 6582 2388

TAMPInES

138 Tampines Street 11 #01-102 S(521138) 

T: 6817 6158

TAMPInES CEnTRAL

513 Tampines Central 1 #01-168 S(520513) 

T: 6787 3738

TAMPInES EASTLInK MALL

8 Tampines Central 1 #01-16 Eastlink Mall S(529543) 

T: 6789 3390


20     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 



2

GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance

ValueMax embraces the tenets of sound corporate governance including accountability, transparency and sustainability and 

strives, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to the regulatory standards, surveys or indices.

Sustainability is governed across various levels in the organisation – from the Board and management to the working groups. To 

embed sustainability across the organisation, we also review the performance of our management on various ESG KPIs which 

ensures that the Group’s business objectives are in line with our commitments to sustainable development. The management 

team is responsible for on-going communication to the Board of Directors.

Senior management has determined focus areas where ValueMax can have the greatest economic, environmental and social 

impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our stakeholders. Regular engagement with our stakeholders provides 

a core input for determining our material focus areas. We engage our internal and external stakeholders to understand their 

concerns, expectations and emerging priorities. This enables us to initiate collaboration and be part of formulating or facilitating 

a solution, building mutually beneficial relationships.

Target

We are committed to enhancing value to its shareholders over the long term with the appropriate people, processes and 

structure to direct and manage the business and affairs of the Company, to achieve operational excellence and deliver the 

Company’s long-term strategic objectives, enhancing value to its shareholders over the long-term.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     21 

GOVERNANCE

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Corporate governance and compliance have always been one of the top priorities for the Group. The decision-making process 

in the Group is strictly in line with legal and regulatory requirements under the Ministry of Law and in compliance with the Code 

of Corporate Governance issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore and their guidelines.

It is imperative for ValueMax to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Instances of non-compliance may subject us to 

liabilities such as monetary penalties, reputational damage, suspension or the revocation of our license to operate.

In FY2018, the Group received a fine from the Registry of Pawnbrokers for having an employee from the pawnbroking business 

assists in retail sales for three of the outlets. The regulation has since changed and pawnbroking employees are now permitted 

to assist in retail sales. The Group has not received any other notification in relation to any breach of current legislation and we 

aim to maintain this credential of strict compliance.

ValueMax is a member of both Singapore Pawnbrokers Association and Credit Association of Singapore which have regular 

meetings with the regulating authorities under the Ministry of Law. We also aim to build mutually beneficial, long-term partnerships 

with regulators and the communities in which we operate, giving preference to those who are principled and committed to 

creating value in society.

Our Approach

To ensure compliance with the various statutory and regulatory requirements across all outlets, our management team is 

responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices in respect to legal and regulatory requirements 

across all outlets. We have a comprehensive compliance framework to monitor key compliance risks and ensure appropriate 

entity processes and controls are in place. Any non-compliance of the relevant laws and regulations and the proposed resolutions 

will be reported to the Board of Directors.

Consumer Credit 

The Group has put in place a governance and control framework that incorporates training, advisory, enforcement and 

compliance with policies and procedures around the Pawnbrokers Act and Moneylenders Act. Any employee who contravenes 

these policies and standards may be subject to investigation and disciplinary action. Major incidents may also be escalated to 

the authorities and lead to prosecution of the parties involved. We are committed to conducting business professionally and in 

accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and highest ethical standards.

SGx’s regulatory compliance 

The Group has put in place policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, particularly 

those relating to Pawnbrokers Act and Moneylenders Act. At the corporate level, we also ensure that we are in compliance, both 

in substance and in spirit, with the Listing rules of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, Securities and Futures Act 

and Singapore Companies Act. Any new enactment of or changes to the relevant laws and regulations will be communicated 

to all operations and management staff via emails and small group meetings. Such communication is necessary to ensure that 

all staff are aware of the changes and can carry out the necessary steps and actions to ensure compliance.

Personal Data Protection Act

While we seek to leverage our data to serve our customers responsibly, we adhere and uphold the Personal Data Protection 

Act (“PDPA”). We have put in place policies to ensure we are in compliance with PDPA and we respect our customers’ choices 

in respect of their personal data and the protection of our customers’ privacy. The main purpose for which personal data is 

collected by ValueMax in Singapore is to furnish information to our customers pertaining to our products and services, to record 

their credit loans and their accounts, process payments, as well as to address questions and feedback. There has been no 

incidence of product and service misinformation, mis-labelling or inapproprate marketing communications.


22     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

GOVERNANCE

Covid-19 Regulatory Response

ValueMax has also ensured its compliance with the government advisories on Covid-19 restrictions such as social distancing 

measures. These measures have since been embedded into our daily operations to ensure business continuity in the changing 

operational landscape. Other mandatory measures have also been instituted, such as split operations, work-from home 

arrangements and weekly Antigen Rapid Test (ART) self-test. As at the publication of this report, ValueMax has no instance of 

non-compliance with the Covid-19 laws and regulations.

Ethics and Integrity

As the custodian of our customers’ assets, we are accountable for upholding the highest standards of ethics and integrity. This 

helps to ensure that ValueMax remains a source of stability, security and strength for our stakeholders.

We promote an ethical and ‘act with integrity’ culture throughout the Group and our outlets. We seek to conduct our business 

in an ethical manner and in compliance with the best practices in the pawnbroking and moneylending industries. All directors, 

valuers, operations and management staff are required to fully comply with our principles set in our Employee Handbook and 

employment contract.

Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors

The Board is committed to ethics and integrity of action and adheres to the highest standards of ethical conduct. This sets 

the appropriate tone from the top in respect of the desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the 

Group. In line with this, the Board has a standing policy which requires each director to not allow himself/herself to get into a 

situation where there is a conflict between his/her duty to the Company and his/her own interests.

Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees

ValueMax document policies and work procedures which incorporate internal controls to ensure that adequate checks and 

balances are in place. Periodic audits are also conducted to evaluate the efficacy of these internal controls. We build and maintain 

the right organisational culture through its core values, educating its staff on business conduct and ethical values.

Data Privacy

We recognise that every individual has a right to safeguard their personal data and that the onus is on us to ensure that all data 

entrusted to us is only used for legitimate and reasonable purposes. We continually strengthen our controls for data management 

to ensure the appropriate collection, use and disclosure of data.

Our Performance in 2021

We respect all laws and regulations including those pertaining to environmental, social and economic impact, product and 

service information and labelling, and marketing communications which includes advertising, promotion and sponsorship. In 

2021, no material fine, penalty or sanction was imposed on the ValueMax for non-compliance in relation to any of the above. 

In 2021, there were no material losses as a result of legal proceedings.

Target

We aim to maintain robust compliance standards and risk management systems. Our Employee Handbook and Code of 

Conduct that all employees receive, articulate expectations for every employee regardless of role. In addition to the periodic 

audits and the organization culture on business conduct and ethical values, ValueMax also aims to pave communication 

channels for employees and third parties for raising issues and concerns.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     23 

Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud

Financial crimes undermine both the integrity and trust of the financial system. Preventing financial crime activities is one of 

many first steps in helping us confront multiple societal issues. With zero-tolerance policy on bribery and corruption, ValueMax 

have in place effective monitoring and management control systems to detect bribery, fraud or other malpractice activities 

directly at the source. 

Anti-Corruption Policy and Standard

The anti-corruption policy and standard of ValueMax encompasses elements of risk assessment, controls and monitoring, due 

diligence, rules over gifts and entertainment, and reporting. All these are underpinned by senior management commitment 

and communication. Specifically, bribery and corruption can take many forms including the provision or acceptance of political 

contributions, charitable contributions, kickbacks and others.

Anti-Fraud Standards

ValueMax Anti-Fraud standards include elements of reporting and analysis, identification and assessment of fraud risks, fraud 

controls and monitoring, investigation and remediation, all of which are underpinned by strategy, governance and culture.

Zero tolerance policy

ValueMax has a zero tolerance policy to internal fraud and to breaches of the Company’s Code of Conduct. All employees are 

informed that ValueMax will not hesitate to investigate and to report incidents of internal fraud to the appropriate authorities.

Whistle-blowing Programme

We have established a whistle-blowing mechanism for employees and any other concerned stakeholders such as customers 

and their families, suppliers, competitors and contractors. A direct whistle-blowing channel has also been implemented to 

enable our employees to get direct access to our Managing Director and CEO as well as our Chairman of Audit Committee. By 

doing so, our stakeholders can be assured that all reports or suspicion of potential breaches of our Employee guidelines are 

taken seriously by the Group. Our stakeholders can also reach our Executive Director or CFO via telephone or email through 

the contact information listed on our website. In 2021, there was no anonymous and non-anonymous whistle-blowing reports 

received by Group Audit through the various reporting channels. The reports were investigated independently by Group Audit, 

with findings reported to the Audit Committee.

Our Performance

•	 100%	completion	of	mandatory	staff	training.

•	 Zero	incident	of	corruption	based	on	results	of	operational	risk	management	check	2021.	The	assessment	spans	across	

topics on Fraud, IT Security, Physical Security Risks, Business Continuity Management, Internal Controls and Risk Culture.

Target

Maintain 100% completion rates for mandatory staff training in 2022 and maintain zero incidents of corruption.

GOVERNANCE


24     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing

ValueMax has established policies and procedures to manage risks for its moneylending, pawnbroking, gold trading and retail 

businesses.

The Group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering 

and terrorism financing, and to deterring customers, suppliers, borrowers and pawners from using ValueMax as a conduit for 

illegal activity. The Board expects all employees to be vigilant to prevent any illegal use of the Group’s products and services 

by money launderers, terrorists or those financing terrorist activities.

Objectives

To reflect this commitment, the Group has developed a Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (“PMLTF”) 

Framework and the related procedures and controls by drawing on best practices from related financial industries with significant 

PMLTF compliance activities.

The objectives of this Framework are:

•	 To	protect	the	Group	from	having	its	products	and	services	used	by	money	launderers,	terrorists	and	parties	that	finance	

terrorist activities;

•	 To	protect	the	reputation	of	the	Group;

•	 To	achieve	compliance	with	all	applicable	legal	and	regulatory	requirements;

•	 To	identify	and	adopt	strong,	risk-based	industry	practices	in	relation	to	PMLTF.

Management Approach

From a policy and governance perspective, the management team is responsible for and oversees the financial crime compliance 

programmes for the Group. Any employee who contravenes these policies and standards may be subject to investigation and 

disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment. Such incidents may also be escalated to the authorities and 

lead to prosecution of the parties involved.

Our anti-financial crime culture includes a training and awareness programme with associated activities. Every employee is 

expected to recognise financial crime and is empowered to take the necessary actions to mitigate such risks. We do this by 

ensuring that  all relevant employees complete mandatory AML and sanctions refresher training annually.

Our Performance in 2021

We achieved 100% completion rate for mandatory employee learning on AML/CFT with zero case of non-compliance for 2021.

Target

Our target is to maintain 100 per cent completion of mandatory employee learning on AML/CFT. ValueMax also has zero 

tolerance for any acts of bribery, corruption and fraud, and will comply with applicable AML, CFT and unilateral or domestic 

sanctions laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.

GOVERNANCE


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     25 

Risk Management

Internal Controls

The internal controls environment ensures the Group’s maintenance of proper accounting records, compliance with applicable 

regulations and best practices, and timely identification and containment of financial, operational and compliance risks. The 

system of internal controls provides reasonable assurance against material financial misstatements or loss and includes the 

safeguarding of assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, the reliability of financial information, compliance with 

appropriate legislation, regulation and best practices and the identification and management of business risks.

Internal Audit

The Audit Committee’s responsibility in overseeing that the Company’s risk management system and internal controls are 

adequate is complemented by the Company’s appointment of KPMG Services Pte Ltd as the internal auditor of the Company. 

The internal auditor had adopted the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by The Institute of Internal 

Auditors.

The Audit Committee will, at least annually, review the adequacy, effectiveness and independence of the internal audit function. 

During the financial year under review, internal audit reviews were conducted on the operations of two subsidiaries within the 

Group.

Our Performance

The Board and Audit Committee did not identify any major concern on the Group’s internal controls or risk management systems 

for the financial year 2021 under review.

For further details on Risk Management, please refer to corporate governance section of Annual Report FY2021.

Target

ValueMax aims to strengthen the Whistle-Blowing Policy to provide an avenue through which employees may report or 

communicate, in good faith and in confidence, any concerns relating to financial and other matters, so that independent 

investigation of such matters can be conducted and appropriate follow-up action taken. The Executive Directors are in charge 

of managing this specific area and ensuring its implementation.

The Group recognises the importance of risk management and how business risks may adversely affect ValueMax’s business 

performance. Since 2013, we started our Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework to roll out a systematic approach to 

identify, assess and manage risks. We are pleased to update all stakeholders that our ERM framework is now fully implemented.

For further details on Risk Management, please refer to corporate governance section of Annual Report FY2021.

GOVERNANCE


26     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Our supply chain constitutes mainly the suppliers for our gold trading and retail businesses for all our outlets, of which a strong 

partnership with the suppliers has been maintained.

Our Approach

ValueMax works closely with its contractors and suppliers who are committed to high quality environmental, health and safety 

standards. Our procurement practices form the basis for our engagement with its supply chain to influence them to operate 

responsibly in the areas of anti-corruption, human rights, health and safety, as well as environmental management. We believe 

in transparency in our supply chain and our approach is to positively engage with suppliers if any issues have been identified. 

Any non-compliance with the guidelines of local and international regulatory bodies will result in us not embarking on the 

procurement and business relationship with them.

Our Performance

We have achieved 100% contracted procurement spend in line with ValueMax Group sustainable procurement policy.

Our Target

ValueMax aims to continue seeking mutually beneficial, long-term partnerships with suppliers who are principled and committed 

to creating value in society.

Supply Chain and Procurement Practices

Our service quality and responsibility to our customers rank high for the sustainable success of the Group. We are committed 

to provide fair valuation of the valuables our customers bring to our chain of outlets and we emphasize on service excellence 

for every customer.

Our Approach

Our service quality is one of the significant elements that influence the customer to choose ValueMax. Our valuers and 

professional staff serve our customers professionally and ethically. Customers are advised on the valuation of their collaterals 

based on the current market price as well as the terms of their contracts.

Our Performance

There has been no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area.

Target

ValueMax aims to provide the quality service that is in the consumer’s rights to expect by complying with the Consumer 

Protection (Fair Trading) Act (Cap. 52A). We ensure the consumers’ right to expect acceptable quality through services that are 

provided with due care or skill, fit for any specified purpose, and provided in a reasonable time.

Service Quality and Responsibility

GOVERNANCE


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     27 

Awards and Achievements



Award in recognition of our 

commitment towards business

and quality Excellence

GOVERNANCE





























































EY ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR 

2019 - FINANCIAL SERVICES

by our Executive Chairman,

Mr Yeah Hiang Nam, PBM

by our Executive Chairman,

Mr Yeah Hiang Nam, PBM





Most Transparent Company Award 2014, 

runner up position for New Issues

Our Executive Chairman, 

Mr Yeah Hiang Nam, PBM


28     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 



A Sustainable Organisation

ValueMax is aware of its own environmental footprint as 

an organisation. Being environmentally conscious not 

only benefits the environment but also reaps operational 

and cost efficiencies. We aim to build a sustainable 

organisation to integrate environmental excellence into 

a business strategy.

EnVIROnMEnT

Our Approach

ValueMax is committed to meeting public sector 

sustainability targets. ValueMax is monitoring our carbon 

footprint by tracking the usage of electricity, water and 

paper, and optimising the energy and water efficiency 

of our office premises. We also seek to build a culture 

of sustainability, where staff are motivated to adopt 

resource-saving and recycling measures to foster a 

culture of diverse, equitable and inclusive sustainability 

at ValueMax.

Reducing Energy and Water Consumption

ValueMax is committed to reductions in our energy and water consumption, in line with public sector targets under GreenGov.

SG. Energy consumption was reduced primarily through improving the energy efficiency of the central air conditioning, energy 

saving and lighting systems in our offices. To achieve optimal energy efficiency, we turn off all air-conditioning after working 

hours. The remaining energy savings were installation of energy efficient T5 fluorescent lightings and LED lightings, and turning 

off office lights after working hours. 

With our flagship store at Waterloo Centre being newly certified as an Eco-shop in 2018, all outlets have embarked on the 

Eco-shop programme in collaboration with the Singapore Environmental Council (“SEC”). The project aligns our environmental 

performance in all outlets to key evaluation criterion like indoor environment and air quality, resource recovery and recycling, 

water and energy conservation. We aim to further reduce energy consumption by rolling out the same eco-shop standard to 

all our upcoming new shops.

ValueMax has progressively installed water fittings with excellent water efficiency ratings (3 ticks) under the Public Utilities Board’s 

Mandatory Water Efficiency Labelling Scheme.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     29 

Reducing Waste

Waste reduction is an important part of ValueMax sustainability strategy. ValueMax is committed to reducing waste, in line with 

public sector targets under GreenGov.SG. We continue to encourage the three ‘R’s of Reduce, Reuse and Recycle among staff 

members, to minimise waste, conserve natural resources and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Initiatives have been introduced to raise staff’s sustainability awareness and promote environmentally friendly practices. We have 

launched our Go-Green initiatives across all our outlets and corporate office. The implemented initiatives aim to encourage the 

‘Reduce, Re-use, and Recycle’ of papers through the following ways:

Minimise Plastic Waste

•	Implemented	clustered	placement	of	office	litter	bins	to	save	on	plastic	liners.

Reduce Paper Waste

•	Introduced	“Bring-Your-Cup”	at	the	beverage	vending	machine	in	the	staff	pantry.

•	Re-using	single-side	printed	papers	for	non-confidential	and	draft	documents.

•	Reducing	the	use	of	papers	by	printing	on	both	sides	of	the	paper	and	printing	only	when	necessary.

•	We	are	committed	to	use	paper	from	sustainable	sources	where	possible.

•	We	are	looking	into	recycling	all	used	papers	and	printed	materials	by	donating	to	authorised	recycling	companies.

Project Bring-your-Own

•	Provided	staff	with	reusable	utensils.

EnVIROnMEnT


30     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

EnVIROnMEnT

Incorporate Sustainability in Procurement

ValueMax currently adopt the applicable green procurement policies from GreenGov.SG framework and initiatives championed 

by agencies such as the National Environment Agency. The procurement policies starting 2021 cover the following categories 

of goods and equipment:

•	 Chilled	water	system.	All	new	equipment	has	to	optimize	the	chilled	water	system	design	if	necessary,	and	ensure	efficient	

performance, comprehensive maintenance and guaranteed savings over a period of typically five years.

•	 Electrical	appliances.	All	new	electrical	appliances	purchased	locally	will	take	into	account	the	National	Environment	Agency’s	

Mandatory Energy Labelling Scheme. The appliances include air-conditioners, lightings, refrigerators and televisions, which 

take into account energy-efficiency and lifecycle costs to optimise cost effectiveness.

•	 Paper.	White	printing	paper	to	be	PEFC	certified	to	ensure	sustainable	management	of	the	forest.

We will continue to embed energy efficiency and sustainability considerations in our procurement by developing new relationships 

with our suppliers as well as employees. Such relationships will widen the scope of accountability and involvement of all parties 

in a learning process.

Target Plan for Emissions Reduction

ValueMax is developing a plan that sets out our strategies for emissions reduction. We believe our business has a low impact 

on the environment. Nevertheless, we strive to embrace environmental sustainability by managing environmental conservation 

through adopting waste minimisation, recycling and energy efficient practices.

Our efficiency is measured on the basis of value added services (money, services, human need) for each unit of ecological cost. 

We will also evaluate the potential for reducing the major components of our carbon footprint, choosing the best approaches, 

including through cost-benefit analysis, engaging with relevant stakeholders, and assessing the extent of the use of carbon 

offsets for emissions that are difficult to abate.

The major components of our carbon profile that will form part of the plan include:

•	 Our	water	and	energy	efficiency	measures	have	reduced	our	energy	consumption	and	emissions.	We	will	continue	to	explore	

measures to achieve energy savings, while catering to the needs of the organisation and staff. We have installed LED lightings 

at our headquarters and new outlets as our first step towards energy conservation. With our headquarters at Waterloo Centre 

certified as an Eco-shop in 2018, a certification scheme in collaboration with the Singapore Environmental Council (“SEC”), 

we plan to adopt the eco-shop standard for all renovation of our outlets to reduce energy use and improve energy efficiency.

•	 Business	travel	has	been	a	significant	contributor	ValueMax’s	carbon	footprint	due	to	our	active	participation	in	the	regional	

and local pawnbroking fora. The travel restrictions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the adoption of 

technology to stay connected and collaborate effectively. We will evaluate how these new modes of communication fit into 

new norms of international engagement post-pandemic, and look at ways to reduce our carbon footprint arising from travel.

•	 Our	properties	and	rental	business	recognize	that	the	majority	of	the	resource	consumption	come	from	tenants,	shoppers,	

and residents. The pawnshop industry generally has a low impact on the environment, relative to its scale. However, our 

own commitment to environment protection and resource conservation is critical to promote environmental stewardship to 

the public. ValueMax makes a conscious effort to raise awareness and educate our tenants, shoppers, and residents on 

responsible consumption so as to advocate for a sustainable lifestyle. As we expand our business, our impact grows. We 

work to minimise our environmental footprint.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     31 

People 

Pivotal to our success is our people performing at their best. We value the contributions by all employees towards sustaining 

ValueMax’s long term success.

Our Management Approach

To underscore our care and commitment towards our employees, ValueMax’s holistic human resource (“HR”) strategy focuses 

on fair remuneration and equal opportunities, training and development, employee wellness and engagement, and work-life 

harmony. We are taking progressive steps to go beyond mere compliance with labour laws in Singapore to develop and 

implement policies and staff engagement programmes that aim to help employees build a long and fulfilling career with ValueMax.

Our Workforce

ValueMax employs nearly 500 people, with over 300 in Singapore and under 200 in Malaysia. We empower and invest in 

equipping our employees with the necessary skills and knowledge to stay relevant in our highly competitive and disruptive 

industry. We want to be a company where our employees can do great work. Hence we aim to create a diverse, welcoming 

culture that allows people to add value and grow as individuals in a safe working environment.

Compliance

In Singapore, we abide by the Ministry of Manpower’s (MOM) Employment Act and ensure that practices are aligned with the 

tripartite guidelines set by MOM, National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) and Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF). 

In Malaysia, we adopt the fair employment framework that is approved by the Employment Act 1955.

Future of Work

Job roles within the organisation are rapidly evolving due to emerging technology and business needs. We adopt a proactive 

approach in reskilling our people to take on new or enhanced roles.

SOCIAL




32     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

2

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

ValueMax believes in the inherent strength of a vibrant, diverse and inclusive workforce where the perspectives, backgrounds 

and life experiences of our people help us to forge strong connections with all our customers, engage confidently within an 

increasingly globalised marketplace, inspirationally lead and creatively innovate, thereby making better decisions for our business 

and the world in which we live.

Identifying, recognising and rewarding performance in employees is essential in our hiring and retention strategy. ValueMax 

embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless of age, religion, gender, race, nationality and family status. We advocate fair 

employment practices by ensuring equal opportunities for recruitment, fair compensation, career progression and training 

opportunities. We provide fair employment opportunities to all, regardless of age, gender, race, or nationality. ValueMax 

advocates a policy of harnessing diversity in human resource as evidenced by a fair distribution of employees from varied 

nationalities and age groups to support our key markets in Singapore and Malaysia. Our diversity is our strength as it promotes 

creativity and innovation. It also enhances our ability to reach different segments in society.

Gender Diversity

We advocate gender diversity in our Board and the representation of women in senior leadership with two female directors 

among our seven Board members. There is a balanced gender ratio between the male and female employees. We ensure 

that fair work practices and remuneration are ascertained based on individual work performance and not on any gender 

consideration. No form of discrimination is tolerated within our organisation. There has been no incidence of discrimination 

reported during the year.

SOCIAL

Nationalities of Employees

74.4%

25.2%

0.4%

As at 31 Dec 2021

Singaporean

Malaysian

Others

Gender Ratio

47%

53%

Male

Female


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     33 

SOCIAL

Age Profile of Employees

We maintain a policy of employee diversity through providing employment opportunities to both young and older workers above 

55 years old. As at 31 December 2021, the youngest staff is 25 years old while we have eleven senior staff aged 70 and above. 

ValueMax taps the different perspectives and value-add through a multi-generational workforce to create an organisation that 

is dynamic, agile and innovative. We aim to have a wider integration of new hires of different ages. Older employees provide a 

wealth of experience, as well as strong judgement and a sense of responsibility. Younger staff, on the other hand, bring innovative 

ideas and new ways of working into the company. Older and younger employees therefore complement each other perfectly. 

The recruitment and retention of talents include cooperation with professional institutions, talent pool development and retention, 

and staff grievance mechanism.

In terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a fair proportion of professional and management team to lead and drive 

the business growth in our four main business segments.

Our business is dependent on experienced staff who have been in the pawnbroking business for over 10-20 years. Through the 

acquisition of new businesses over the years, we have also retained the workforce of the acquired entities and strengthened 

our pool of senior valuers whose professional expertise in valuation of jewellery and watches has been critical in the sustainable 

success of our pawnbroking business.

Age Profile of Employees

Management / Professional Staff / Outlet Staff 

37%

33%

24%

6%

As at 31 Dec 2021

Below 30 Years 

6%

31 to 40 Years 

24%

41 to 55 Years 

37%

Above 55 Years 

33% 

Total 

100%


34     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

The recruitment and retention of talents include cooperation with professional institutions, talent pool development and retention, 

and staff grievance mechanism.

In terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a fair proportion of professional and management team to lead and drive 

the business growth in our four main business segments.

Our business is dependent on experienced staff who have been in the pawnbroking business for over 10-20 years. Through the 

acquisition of new businesses over the years, we have also retained the workforce of the acquired entities and strengthened 

our pool of senior valuers whose professional expertise in valuation of jewellery and watches has been critical in the sustainable 

success of our pawnbroking business.

We are continuously recruiting talents, particularly younger talents and grooming them through mentorship and on-the-job 

training programme.

Our recruitment policy is based on meritocracy and the pre-requisite skills and academic qualifications required to perform the 

required job scope. During recruitment, we implement stringent shortlisting processes to ensure we recruit people with the 

same values as we do.

We focus on retention of talents by providing fair and sustainable financial and non-financial incentives, and through learning 

and development opportunities. Our compensation and benefits policies are determined by guidelines proposed by our human 

resource team and approved by our Management team or our Board. All our staff undergo an annual performance review and 

receive periodic performance feedback from their reporting managers.

SOCIAL

Talent Management

PMET Classification for Staff

71%

2%

10%

14%

3%

As at 31 Dec 2021

Management 

3%

Professional 

14%

Executive 

10%

Technical 

2%

Retail Outlet Staff 71% 

Total 

100%


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     35 

Long Service Employment

We offer equal opportunities for skills training and career development for all employees of which has contributed to our high 

staff retention rate of 88.5% in 2021.

SOCIAL

Staff Retention

Years of Service

26%

1%

19%

54%

As at 31 Dec 2021

Below 5 years  

54%

 6 to 10 years 

26%

10 to 20 years 

19%

&gt; 20 years 

1%

Total 

100%

87%

13%

Staff Turnover   13%

Staff Retention Rate   87%

Training and Education

Human capital is our key resource. ValueMax believes that staff can make a significant contribution based on their talent, expertise 

and experience. Developing talent is crucial to build ValueMax’s future capabilities amid the global competition for talent.

Investing in training and developing our people is critical to building up and retaining our talent pipeline to meet current and future 

needs. Over the years, we have built a robust talent pool comprising salespersons, executives and management associates. We 

have shifted some of our trainings to web-based and virtual training in light of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Apart from providing fair and sustainable financial incentives to our employees, we also strive to create a culture of learning 

organisation through the following ways:

Mentorship

We have a strong culture of mentorship throughout our organisation. Our senior management leads and develops the organisation 

in achieving the goals and vision of the Group. Our senior valuers provide guidance and professional support, on-the-job training 

and coaching to our junior valuers.


36     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

Employee Wellness and Benefits

Compliance to the recommendations by Ministry of Manpower

Employee wellness is integral to our human capital management. The Group contributes to the Central Provident Fund Scheme 

and provides medical benefits such as hospitalisation and surgical plans for all employees. We provide maternity as well as 

paternity leave in accordance with the recommendations of the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore (“MOM”). We also provide 

compassionate leave, marriage leave and childcare leave. In 2021, we recruited 69 employees and encountered a turnover 

rate of 12.8%.

Cohesion funds

We regularly review staff requests and introduce new activities and team building events with our cohesion funds for employees. 

ValueMax recognises that different workforce generations have different workplace, family support, engagement, learning and 

career needs. We hence aim to play an important role in promoting a balanced lifestyle while fostering camaraderie at work.

Code of Conduct

Our Code of Conduct sets out clear standards of behaviour for 

our employees. We have a robust grievance procedure in place for 

employees to share their concerns without any fear of retaliation.

Target

ValueMax has set an objective to raise employees’ motivations to 

contribute to the organization and to increase retention rates. We 

plan to:

•	 Increase	 employee	 engagement	 by	 organizing	 peer-to-peer	

learning groups to discuss challenges and find solutions.

•	Interview	those	employees	who	have	decided	to	leave	to	narrow	

down the reasons for resignation.

•	Surveying	employees	on	how	to	make	the	workplace	a	better	

place to come to.



SOCIAL

Target

ValueMax targets to maintain or increase the average training hours per employee over the next 3 years. We will set up a scheme 

that supports employee development by designing roles that fit, coaching and mentoring to help them thrive, seeking and 

using their knowledge and ideas, removing barriers, and encouraging role changes (anywhere across ValueMax) that enable 

them to more fully realize their potential.

Training and Skills Upgrading Opportunities

We are constantly developing our employees through providing regular feedback and trainings. We believe that everyone 

needs to know what are the areas they need to improve on, and for those with high potential, career tracks are developed to 

give them a career roadmap of where they can advance progressively within ValueMax. Trainings through conferences and 

courses relating to their work are critical to equip our employees with up-to-date professional knowledge and skills in serving 

our customers better.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     37 

Health and Safety

The Group is committed to embracing the highest standards of Workplace, Safety and Health (“WSH”) and environmental 

practices and inculcating the best practices in the Group. We are guided by the steadfast commitment to our employees for a 

safe working environment in which one can work and excel with full confidence.

The management team has set a strong foundation by providing a clear direction within the organisation of the value of an 

effective occupational health and safety management approach to foster risk-free and environmentally-friendly premises for our 

employees and customers. We are committed to providing safe and vibrant spaces to live, work and play by safeguarding the 

well-being and safety of employees and customers.

ValueMax is also building the environmental awareness and green practices to lead the group in adhering to all WSH regulations 

as stipulated by the MOM. There has been no incident of non-compliance concerning health and safety issues with our products 

and services.

The Group conducts annual Workplace Health and Safety risk assessment for all our outlets as well as onsite assessments and 

training for employees to heighten WSH awareness at the workplace.

Target

ValueMax currently has no event of non-compliance of the Workplace Safety and Health Act and COVID-19 Safe Management 

Measures. We will continue to abide by the requirements to continue to ensure safe workplaces for all.

SOCIAL

Business Partner and Stakeholders Engagement

We strive to contribute positively to the society through our economic presence by contributing to the range of short to medium 

term credit facilities to individuals and corporations, while maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage and 

generate good shareholders’ value.

We are committed to doing our part in shaping industry developments and to promoting a more level playing field. Over the 

past years, we have supported the Pawnbrokers Association in the social media marketing as well as a number of capacity-

building workshops. These have helped to ensure better integration of sustainability considerations into our overall strategy.

We will continue to engage with regulators as we collectively shape the path towards a more sustainable financial system. 

We will also continue to engage with other key stakeholders, including our customers, colleagues, investors, community and 

non-governmental organisations, to ensure that we meet evolving expectations and remain abreast of industry developments.

Please see the section on Accountability to Stakeholders on page 9 for more information.


38     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

SOCIAL

Labour - Management Relations

Building an inclusive culture that embraces diversity, treats employees fairly and provides equal opportunities is crucial to the 

ValueMax’s long-term success, as it helps to foster creativity and innovation.

Our Management Approach

We seek to recognise each individual and the value they bring to the organization. This means cultivating an environment 

where employees can be who they are, while providing support for them to be the best version of themselves. We work hard 

to maintain a culture that is caring, trusting and progressive.

To ensure we deliver on our commitments, we have put in place a number of key policies, including communication, diversity 

and inclusion.

Communication

It is important to have effective communication between management and employees, so that employees are more engaged 

with the organisation, and have a more positive attitude towards their work and loyalty to the Group. They are provided with 

frequent management updates and adequate notice period regarding operational changes.

We often engage our employees in the following ways:

•	 Monthly	Meetings

 

Outlet managers have monthly operations review with the management team.

•	 Quarterly	Meetings

 

Management conducts quarterly meetings for Board of Directors to discuss on business development and financial 

performance.

•	 Informal	Small	Group	Meetings

 

Management holds informal small group meetings to listen and understand our employees’ concerns and grievances.

Target

ValueMax has set an objective to raise employees’ motivations to contribute to the organization and to increase retention rates. 

We plan to:

•	 Personalize	one-on-one	discussions	with	an	“open	door”	policy	where	employees	will	feel	comfortable	speaking	up	and	

trusting the leadership of the managers.

•	 Make	technology	accessible	to	everyone	by	understanding	the	needs	of	all	workers	in	adopting	new	digital	tools.

•	 Provide	the	technology,	tools,	and	training	to	use	those	tools	so	that	staying	connected	is	not	a	burden.	Remove	the	stress	

some employees might feel when faced with new technology by giving them training and touching base to be sure they are 

comfortable.

Customer Privacy and Data Protection

The nature of our pawnbroking and moneylending businesses warrants high level of security and confidentiality of our clients’ 

personal data as well as the business transactions they have undertaken. We take a serious view of such matters and ensure 

that we conduct our business in strict adherence to data protection laws – the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) in Singapore. 

These cover areas such as collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     39 

SOCIAL

Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy sets out the principles on the types of personal data collected and how we collect, process, and use them. 

More importantly, it encapsulates our commitment to safeguard and manage the confidentiality of our customers’ personal data 

in a responsible manner. As a regulated pawnbroking and moneylending institution, we are obligated to ensure the confidentiality 

of our customers’ information, financial or otherwise. This includes personal data held with us.

Nevertheless, privacy and data protection regimes across jurisdictions are continually evolving. We observe converging 

consensus in selected aspects of privacy considerations. We continue to stay abreast with developments in privacy trends as 

well as data protection regimes across geographies to see that our privacy policies and practices remain agile to evolve and 

respond to these raised bars and expectations, as applicable.

We also recognise our duty to protect our customers’ data whilst ensuring that ValueMax fulfils legal and regulatory requirements. 

Any law enforcement or government agencies’ request for information received will be carefully reviewed to ascertain that the 

request conforms with the scope and validity of the applicable laws and rights.

Managing Data Security 

We adhere strictly to the guidelines set by the Personal Data Protection Act. We have invested to ensure our proprietary IT 

system meets the highest standards for IT security. Our confidential documents are disposed by waste disposal firms to ensure 

maximum security.

We conduct data protection impact assessments on projects to identify any potential data risks and recommend measures 

to mitigate the risks. We carry out regular compliance checks to ensure that our business processes adhere to the local data 

privacy and protection laws. There has been no incident of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and loss of customer data.

Data Security with Remote Work during the COVID-19 pandemic

As the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated changes to the way we work, it has become more critical than ever for us to manage 

security risks and controls proactively under a dynamic threat landscape. To ensure information and data security, ValueMax 

employed an approach that focuses on staying in touch with employees, assessing and closing identified security and control 

gaps in the remote work configuration and securing the remote and distributed work model for the long-term. ValueMax issues 

regular communications using a variety of channels to all colleagues which provide guidelines on how to work effectively so 

as to ensure the smooth running of our operations. We ensure that strong security controls remain in place and unchanged, 

including by:

•	enhancing	endpoint	security;

•	enhancing	security	monitoring	and	patching	controls;

•	increasing	relevant	risk	awareness;	and

•	accelerating	risk	mitigation	initiatives	to	ensure	robust	protection	of	new	work	environments.

8 OUT OF 8

Systems in ValueMax 

where cyber security 

risks were assessed, 

tracked, and 

managed

0

Breaches of 

customer privacy 

and loss of 

customer data

Target

At ValueMax, we take the responsibility to build up 

our security and trustworthiness. We aim to maintain 

the security of our IT systems and null incident of 

breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer 

data. The number of customers signing data processing 

agreements with ValueMax shows the confidence the 

market has in our trustworthiness.


40     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

COMMUnITy

ValueMax Covid19 Response

Throughout 2021, we sought to balance the needs of all our stakeholders. We will stay focused on protecting ourselves and 

helping our customers, colleagues and the community. Together, we will emerge stronger.

2021 was a challenging year marked by the widespread impact of COVID-19. Businesses and individuals had to grapple with 

the uncertainties and challenges of the pandemic that has turned into a global economic crisis. We had to make sense of the 

ever-changing situation and implement the right measures and solutions at the right time to keep our colleagues, our customers 

and our communities safe.

Amid the unprecedented crisis, our teams across the entire Group – from the Board and Management to our frontline colleagues 

– came together with a shared mission to navigate the difficult times.

In everything we did, the safety, health and wellbeing of our colleagues and customers have been of utmost importance. The 

dedication of our colleagues has been key to the Group in weathering this crisis. Their resilience and tenacity have made all 

the difference to the organisation as we remained steadfast in doing the right thing for our customers, enabling ValueMax to 

emerge stronger.

Employee Health, Safety and Well-bring

As part of our business continuity plan, we have assembled and appointed floor and health staff representatives across 

our various offices since last year. Standard operating procedures were drawn up in response to COVID-19 scenarios and 

disseminated. We had regular staff communications and advisories to keep them posted on the latest developments in Singapore 

and Malaysia and our work arrangement plans. We reviewed our business operations and implemented measures to ensure 

staff and customer safety and well-being. For example, we issued Antigen Rapid Test (ART) self-test kits to our staff, installed 

thermal scanners at our offices and stepped up cleaning services of common office areas and our retail shops.

Safety at Our Branches

We put in place a series of measures at the onset of the pandemic to protect the well-being of our colleagues and customers. 

We established clear lines of communication to report concerns, enabling a quick response time and immediate follow-up. As 

the expectations continue to evolve, regular updates are promptly communicated to our frontline colleagues to ensure rapid 

implementation of new requirements.

Measures taken toward ensuring the safety and well-being of our frontliners and our branch customers include:

•	equipping	our	frontline	colleagues	with	surgical	masks	and	hand	sanitisers;

•	introducing	safe	distancing	markers	and	spacing	out	furniture;	and

•	installing	thermal	and	safe	entry	scanners	at	entrances.

Supporting Tenants

Complementing the government’s schemes, we have taken proactive measures to assist tenants as we work in close partnership 

to support them during this difficult period. We passed on the government legislated property tax rebates in full to tenants, and 

provided the mandatory rental relief for SME tenants. In addition, further engagement was done to assist tenants as we work 

in close partnership to support them during this difficult period. We provided rent free periods to assist selected tenants on 

a case-by-case basis. This enhanced assistance rendered help to position the assets and tenants in readiness for business 

opportunities when recovery begins.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     41 

COMMUnITy

Community Relief Fund

Through philanthropy, partnerships and participation, we foster social inclusiveness and strive to help society emerge stronger 

than before.

As a part of ValueMax’s contribution to the community needs created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we made a donation to 

the UOB Global Heartbeat Virtual Run/Walk 2021 fundraising event. The money is donated to 25 charities around the world to 

improve the lives of disadvantaged children and vulnerable communities impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. In Singapore, 

the money raised will provide financial support for beneficiaries including the Rare Disease Fund, the President’s Challenge, 

Children’s Wishing Well and The Red Pencil.

Through the Singapore Pawnbrokers’ Association Charity Drive, ValueMax made a contribution to the Singapore University of 

Technology and Design Bursary fund which is established to provide financial assistance to deserving full-time undergraduate 

students that demonstrated financial need with monthly household per capita income of S$2,250 and below.

Our Chairman, Mr Yeah Hiang Nam has also made a contribution to the EtonHouse Community Fund Limited (ECF) to help 

children from underprivileged backgrounds to advance their educational goals. Through partnership with Early Childhood 

Development Agency (ECDA), ECF provides low-income families with access to learning resources, learning kits and sponsorship 

of excursions. The fund supports children with enrichment classes, as well as Child Development Account (CDA) top-ups and 

bursaries. ECF also supports the KKH Health Fund in improving the care of less privileged children with diabetes.




42     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

COMMUNITY

2

Corporate Social Responsibility

Being a corporate responsible citizen, we believe in giving back to the society. While we strive to achieve our financial goals 

and objectives, we also believe in playing our part in serving our local community.

Over the last six years, ValueMax has actively participated in business and community initiatives:

yEAR: 2016 - 2017

SInGAPORE MAnAGEMEnT UnIVERSITy BUSInESS 

FAMILIES InSTITUTE

For two consecutive years – 2016 and 2017, ValueMax contributed to 

the Singapore Management University’s Business Families Institute to 

support its mission to enable business family members to be engaged 

and be responsible stewards of their families, businesses and communities, 

through education, research and ecosystem support.

SMU received matching grants from the Singapore government for the 

contributions made by ValueMax.

yEAR: 2017 AnD 2019

SGx AnD E50 ASSOCIATIOn 2017 SEMInAR: 

LISTInG On SGx

Imparting insights at a listing seminar co-organised by Singapore Exchange 

(SGX) and Enterprise 50 Association (E50 Association), ValueMax spoke 

on “Listings for SMEs”. Our Executive Director, Ms Yeah Lee Ching shared 

on ValueMax’s experience in the listing of the Group. 

COMMUnITy





yEAR: 2018

CARING FOR THE STUDENTS AT AWWA SPECIAL 

STUDENT CARE CENTRE

ValueMax employees brought joy and laughter to students with special needs 

by chatting, playing, and dancing together with them, as well as fulfilling their 

Christmas wishes by surprising them with individualized Christmas presents.





yEAR: 2017-2020

UOB HEARTBEAT CHARITY DRIVE

ValueMax has been one of the donors for the UOB Heartbeat Charity Drive 

where funds raised were donated to charitable organisations. In 2021, 

ValueMax made a donation to the annual fundraising event. The funds will 

aid children and youths from low-income families and those suffering from 

rare genetic diseases. They will also go towards organising activities to 

improve the lives of parents and children from disadvantaged families such 

as art therapy sessions and workshops to equip them with digital skills and 

cyber wellness knowledge.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     43 

yEAR: 2019 AnD 2020

CARInG FOR SEnIORS UnDER HAPPy FOLKS

Our office employees actively participated in caring for the elderly by 

spending time with aged seniors staying alone in one room flats, to bring 

them joy and brighten their day.



yEAR: 2020

1% INTEREST WAIVER FOR PAWNERS DURING 

CIRCUIT BREAKER

In an effort to help lighten financial burden for our pawners who may 

be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, ValueMax waived first month’s 

interest for our pawners who had pawned for at least two months during 

the circuit breaker.

COMMUnITy



yEAR: 2021

SInGAPORE PAWnBROKERS’ ASSOCIATIOn 

CHARITY DRIVE TO SUTD

The Singapore University of Technology and Design is the fourth public 

autonomous university in Singapore founded in April 2012. ValueMax made 

a contribution to the SUTD Bursary through the Singapore Pawnbrokers’ 

Association Charity Drive. The SUTD Bursary Award is established to 

provide financial assistance to deserving full-time undergraduate students 

that demonstrated financial need with monthly household per capita 

income of S$2,250 and below.

Target

We target to organise yearly events involving our employees to reach out to underprivileged members of society with 

special needs.

yEAR: 2022

ETOnHOUSE COMMUnITy FUnD

Executive Chairman, Yeah Hiang Nam, made a contribution to the 

Community Fund Limited (ECF) to help children from underprivileged 

backgrounds to advance their educational goals. Through the power of 

education, ECF improves the lives of vulnerable children by enhancing their 

emotional wellness, cognitive development and fitness. 






44     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

General Standard Disclosure

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if Applicable

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

Page 1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Page 15

102-3

Location of headquarters

Page 19

102-4

Location of operations

Page 19

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Page 12-13

102-6

Markets served

Page 12-13

102-7

Scale of the organization

Page 12-13

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Page 12-13

102-9

Supply chain

Page 31-34

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

Page 26

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Page 3

102-12

External initiatives

ValueMax has not adopted any external initiatives.

102-13

Membership of associations

Page 21

Strategy 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Page 1

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Page 1

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Page 12-13, 21-22

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Page 21-22

Governance 

102-18

Governance structure

Page 3 

102-19

Delegating authority

Page 3

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics

Page 3

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics

Page 3

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees

Page 3

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Page 3

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Page 3

102-25

Conflicts of interest

Page 3

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values,

and strategy

Page 3

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Page 3

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

Page 3

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social

impacts

Page 11

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Page 3, 25-26

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

Page 3

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

Page 3

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Page 9

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Page 9-10

102-35

Remuneration policies

Page 23-25 of Corporate Governance Report in Annual 

Report FY2021

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Page 23-25 of Corporate Governance Report in Annual 

Report FY2021

102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

Page 29-30 of Corporate Governance Report in Annual 

Report FY2021

102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

Not disclosed due to the commercial sensitivity given 

the highly competitive human resource environment

GRI Content Index 


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     45 

General Standard Disclosure

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if Applicable

102-39

Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio

Not disclosed due to the commercial sensitivity given 

the highly competitive human resource environment.

Stakeholder Engagement  

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 9

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

ValueMax has not adopted any collective bargaining 

agreement.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 9

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 9

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Page 67 and 74 of Annual Report FY2020

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

Page 3

102-47

List of material topics

Page 10

102-48

Restatements of information

Most of the information are restatements of our first 

report.

102-49

Changes in reporting

No change

102-50

Reporting period

Page 3

102-51

Date of most recent report

Page 3

102-52

Reporting cycle

Page 3

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Page 3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Page 3, 45-49

102-55

GRI content index

Page 45-49

102-56

External assurance

Not Applicable

Management Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Page 3

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 3

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 3

Specific Standard Disclosures 

Category: Economic 

Topic: Economic Performance 

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Page 12-19

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change ValueMax view this as a low impact material risk 

currently.

201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

Page 35-36

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

N.A.

Topic: Market Presence

 

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum 

wage

Disclosure is not applicable as there is no minimum 

wage system in Singapore. Furthermore, ValueMax 

employs direct hires who are skilled technical and 

professional employees whose pay is not linked to 

particular laws concerning minimum wage.

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local community

Page 34

Topic: Indirect Economic Impacts 

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

N.A.

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

N.A.

Topic: Procurement Practices 

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Majority of our business expenditure in Singapore is on 

locally-registered companies.

Topic: Anti-corruption  

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Page 20-26

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

Page 20-26

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Page 20-26


46     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

General Standard Disclosure

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if Applicable

Topic: Anti-competitive Behavior 

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practice

N.A.

Category: Environmental 

Topic: Materials 

 

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

N,A. ValueMax is operating in the pawnbroking and 

sale or pre-owned/new jewellery and luxury items.

301-2

Recycled input materials used

N.A.

301-3

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

N.A.

Topic: Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Page 28, 30

302-2

Energy consumption outside of the organization

N.A. Energy consumed is consumed only within our 

premises.

302-3

Energy intensity

N.A.

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Energy consumption has increased due to more outlets 

being opened.

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products and services

Page 28, 30

Topic: Water 

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Page 28, 30

303-2

Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water

N.A.

303-3

Water recycled and reused

N.A.

Topic: Biodiversity 

 

304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas 

and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas

Disclosure is not applicable as ValueMax’s business 

operations are not located within protected areas.

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity

N.A.

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Disclosure is not applicable as ValueMax’s business 

operations are not located within protected areas.

304-4

IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in 

areas affected by operations

N.A.

Topic: Emissions 

 

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

N.A.

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

N.A.

305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

N.A.

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

N.A.

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

N.A.

305-6

Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)

N.A.

305-7

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other

significant air emissions

N.A.

Topic: Effluents and Waste

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Page 28, 30

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Page 29

306-3

Significant spills

N.A.

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

N.A.

306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff

N.A.

Topic: Environmental Compliance 

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

There is no incidence of non-compliance.

Topic: Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

N.A.

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

N.A.


ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021     47 

General Standard Disclosure

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if Applicable

Category: Social 

Aspect: Employment 

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Page 35

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees

Page 35-36

401-3

Parental leave

Page 36

Topic: Labor/Management Relations 

402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes

Page 37-38

Topic: Occupational Health and Safety 

 

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health and safety 

committees

Page 36-38

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Page 36-38

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation N.A.

404-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions

Disclosure is not applicable as ValueMax is not 

operating in an unionised industry.

Topic: Training and Education 

 

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Page 35-36

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

Page 35-36

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews

Page 34-36

Topic: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Page 31-34

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

N.A. Workers’ reumeration are ascertained based on 

individual work performance and not on any gender 

consideration.

Topic: Non-discrimination 

 

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Page 31-34

Topic: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 

 

407-1

Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and 

collective bargaining may be at risk

N.A.

Topic: Child Labor

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor

N.A. ValueMax does not employ staff below the legal 

age for employment.

Topic: Forced or Compulsory Labor 

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or 

compulsory labor

N.A.

Topic: Security Practices 

410-1

Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures

N.A.

Topic: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 

 

411-1

Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous people

N.A.

Topic: Human Rights Assessment 

412-1

Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact 

assessments

N.A

412-2

Employee training on human rights policies or procedures

N.A.

412-3

Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights 

clauses or that underwent human rights screening

N.A.

Topic: Local Communities 

 

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Page 40-44

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local 

communities

Our business and operations have no negative impacts 

on local communities.


48     ValueMax	Group	Limited	|	Sustainability Report 2021 

General Standard Disclosure

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if Applicable

Topic: Supplier Social Assessment 

 

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

N.A

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

N.A

Topic: Public Policy 

 

415-1

Political contributions

ValueMax has no association with any political parties.

Topic: Customer Health and Safety 

 

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories

Page 36-37

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of 

products and services

Page 36-37

Topic: Marketing and Labeling 

 

417-1

Requirements for product and service information and labeling

Page 26

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and 

labeling

Page 26

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications

Page 26

Topic: Customer Privacy 

 

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

Page 38-39

Topic: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area

Page 20-26

note: 

ValueMax takes a phased approach to the adoption of GRI indicators and will review the relevance of indicators marked as 

N.A. to its operations annually.

