





















01

ABOUT THIS 

REPORT

01

BOARD 

STATEMENT ON 

SUSTAINABILITY

03

OUR 

APPROACH TO 

SUSTAINABILITY 

06

ECONOMIC

10

SOCIAL

08

ENVIRONMENTAL

14

GOVERNANCE



02

ORGANISATIONAL 

PROFILE



16

GRI CONTENT 

INDEX

TABLE OF CONTENTS






01

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



We are pleased to present Valuetronics Holdings 

Limited’s 

(“Valuetronics”) 

annual 

Sustainability 

Report, for our financial year ended 31 March 2019. 

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis 

in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing 

Obligations.

This 2019 Sustainability Report has been prepared 

in reference with the Core option of the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. GRI is the most 

widely adopted global standards for sustainability 

reporting and it provides businesses and organisations 

worldwide a framework to measure, understand 

and communicate their critical sustainability issues 

on environmental, economic and social impacts to 

stakeholders.

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, 

social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives 

carried out throughout a 12-month period, being the 

financial year ended 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”).

The EESG data and information provided have not 

been verified by an independent third party and 

we have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure its accuracy.

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with 

regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to improve our policies, systems and results. 

Please send your comments and suggestions to 

contact@valuetronics.com.hk.

01

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The key material EESG factors for the Group have 

been identified and reviewed by the top management 

of the Group, and the board of directors of the 

Company (the “Board”) oversees the management 

and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration when determining the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of the 

Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for 

all its stakeholders.

15 July 2019

ABOUT THIS REPORT



 



BOARD STATEMENT ON 



SUSTAINABILITY






02

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE



At Valuetronics, we believe we are amongst an emerging breed of Electronics Manufacturing Services (“EMS”) 

providers, which focus on a proactive engagement with the market so as to understand market trends and initiate 

product-oriented solutions to meet the ever-changing needs of customers.

Established in 1992 and headquartered in Hong Kong, Valuetronics has been listed on the SGX Mainboard since 2007. Over 

the years, Valuetronics has grown to an integrated EMS provider with principal business segments ranging from Consumer 

Electronics (“CE”) Products to Industrial and Commercial Electronics (“ICE”) Products covering smart lighting products, printers, 

temperature sensing devices, communication products, automotive products and medical equipment.

Our proactive philosophy in customer engagement leverages on our Design and Development (“D&amp;D”) capabilities, supported 

by integrated manufacturing capabilities from plastic tool fabrication and injection molding, metal stamping and machining, 

to surface mount technology and full turnkey finished product assembly. As a one-stop manufacturing solution provider, we 

are set apart from traditional EMS providers. Our capability in providing vertical integrated services under one roof gives our 

customers the advantage of a faster time-to-market, better quality control, and most importantly, a competitive total cost of 

ownership.

Our wide product and customer range from emerging enterprises to top global multinational corporations is a testimony to the 

success in adopting this philosophy. It also further highlights our ability to accommodate customer’s’ requirement for various 

volume mix, complexity and industrial standards, while demonstrating our spectrum of competence. By constantly focusing 

on their objectives, priorities and needs, we continue to develop long-term relationships with our global customers in the 

consumer, commercial, industrial, automotive and medical equipment industries.

Today, we are a premier design, manufacturing partner for the world’s leading brands in various sectors, which span across a 

wide geographical region that covers America, Europe and the Asia Pacific. At Valuetronics, we deliver not just products, but 

total solutions that meet the needs of our diverse client base.














03

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY



VALUETRONICS’ 

SUSTAINABILITY 

METHODOLOGY

ENGAGE 

STAKEHOLDERS

ASSESS 

MATERIALITY

REPORT

COLLECT DATA

PLAN AND SCOPE






04

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY





STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the material aspects relevant to our 

business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are taken into account when formulating our corporate strategies. 

These key stakeholders include, but not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and local government. We adopt 

both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of our key stakeholders, and incorporate their 

feedback into the evolution of corporate strategies so as to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms

Frequency of Engagement

EMPLOYEES

• Orientation training for new recruits

• Annual performance review; appraisals

• Team-building events

• Townhall sessions

• Electronic communication &amp;  

notice board

• Throughout the year

CUSTOMERS

• Business review meetings

• Customer visits

• Executive dialogue

• Throughout the year

SUPPLIERS AND  

SERVICE PROVIDERS

• Supplier surveys

• Business meetings with  

critical suppliers

• Supplier factory audit

• Throughout the year

INVESTORS/

SHAREHOLDERS

• Analysts meeting

• Corporate day for institutional  

investors

• Web portal &amp; email

• Annual General Meeting

• Group Annual Report

• Throughout the year

• Annually

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

• Participation in volunteer community 

service

• Throughout the year

LOCAL GOVERNMENT

• Participation in government agencies’ 

seminars on policy updates

• On-site advisory visits

• Regular reports

• Throughout the year




05

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised as material 

factors, which are then validated. The end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in this sustainability report 

of which their inter-relationships are shown below:

GOVERNANCE

• Sustainability 

governance

• Enterprise risk 

management

• Business Ethics

PRIORITISATION

Prioritisation of the 

material factors 

and identifies key 

sustainability factors 

to be reported upon



REVIEW

Review focuses on 

the material factors 

in previous reporting 

period and also 

considers the result 

of the review for the 

preparation of the  

next reporting cycle



IDENTIFICATION

Identification of the 

material factors that 

are of relevance to the 

Group’s activities



VALIDATION

Validation of the 

completeness of key 

sustainability factors 

identified to finalise 

the sustainability 

report content



ECONOMIC

• Economic 

performance

• Anti-corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL

• Environmental 

compliance

• Supplier 

environmental 

assessment

SOCIAL

• Diversity

• Fair employment practices and 

child labour

• Occupational health and safety

• Training and education

• Local community engagement

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. Going forward, 

a materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from our various stakeholder engagements.

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society, as well 

as its influence on stakeholders. Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social 

impact assessments at site level. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects:




06

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ECONOMIC





“

“

In FY2019, the decrease in CE revenue was offset by the increase in ICE revenue due to the 

increase in demand from existing ICE customers and the additional of new product from 

new ICE customer. As trade war tensions between the US and China continue, we have 

identified Vietnam as a location to expand our production outside of China. We expect 

one of our customers to qualify our initial set up in Vietnam by end of June 2019, followed by 

mass production for shipment from Vietnam to the US market.

Mr Ricky Tse Chong Hing,

Chairman and Managing Director

Valuetronic’s FY2019 revenue was relatively flat, with a mixed performance across its Consumer Electronics (“CE”), and Industrial 

and Commercial Electronics (“ICE”) segments. Net profit attributable to shareholders for FY2019 dropped marginally by 2.6% to 

HK$199.5 million from HK$204.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2018. The 5 years summary of our financial performance 

is shown below.

Since 2014, Valuetronics has adopted a dividend payout policy that targets an annual dividend payout of at least 30%, and up 

to 50% of net profit attributable to shareholders. We will also consider the following factors in concluding on the final payout 

amount:

1. The total dividend recommended, declared or paid in any financial year shall not exceed 50% of the total net profit attributable 

to Shareholders, unless otherwise approved by the Board;

2. The Group’s actual and expected financial performance and financial conditions, retained earnings and distributable reserves, 

results of operations, and cash flow;

3. The level of the Company’s debts to equity ratio and return on equity;

4. The ability of the Company’s subsidiaries to make dividend payments to the Company;

5. Restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed on the Company by any financing arrangements;

FY2017

154.1

FY2018

204.7

FY2015

149.2

FY2016

120.4

FY2017

987.1

1,287.8

FY2018

1,398.1

1,455.6

FY2016

824.6

1,128.3

FY2015

1,473.0

956.3

FY2019

199.5

FY2019

1,161.2

1,667.6

REVENUE

HK$ MILLION

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

HK$ MILLION

Consumer Electronics

Industrial &amp; Commercial Electronics

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE




07

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

6. The Group’s expected working capital requirements, expected capital expenditure, future expansion, other investment plans, 

and other funding requirements;

7. General economic conditions and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial 

performance and position of the Group, including legal or contractual restrictions may apply from time to time or which our 

Directors may consider appropriate in the interest of the Company; and

8. Other factors that the Directors deem appropriate.

We believe that our dividend policy will allow the Company easy access to capital markets for new fundraising should the need 

arise.

For our detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2019 Annual Report:

• 

Financial Highlights, page 4

• 

Financial Review, page 5

• 

Financial Statements, pages 38 – 78

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Here at Valuetronics, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to our employees, suppliers and business 

partners. Valuetronics ensures that all staff (other than production line worker) sign an anti-corruption declaration when they join 

the company. Dedicated whistleblowing hotlines using both email and electronic platforms are set up so that if anyone who wants 

to report any business ethics issue can do so confidentially, and any report of corruption is immediately escalated to the attention 

of senior management.

There have been no reported incidents of corruption in the group during the period and we will continue to monitor and prevent 

its occurrence. We will also continue to ensure that all employees are fully aware of our policy and sign our anti-corruption 

declaration.



50

40

30

20

10

0

HK cents

13.6

4.5

15.2

7.0

31.1

14.0

33.2

17.0

19.9

8.0

36.9

20.0

36.4

20.0

20.0

20.0

25.0

29.0

36.8

46.2

FY09

FY10

FY11

FY12

FY13

FY14

FY15

FY16

FY17

FY19

27.0

48.1

FY18

5.0



7.0

23.2

7.8

EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) AND DIVIDENDS PER SHARE

FY08

EPS

Dividend per share

Interim Dividend




08

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENVIRONMENTAL



ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Valuetronics has achieved ISO14000 accreditation, standards 

for environmental management since year 2008. ISO14000 

is based on a plan-do-check-act (“PDCA”) methodology, 

providing 

a 

systematic 

framework 

for 

integrating 

environmental 

management 

practices 

by 

supporting 

environmental protection, preventing pollution, minimising 

waste, reducing energy and material use. Waste to be 

recycled is stored, collected and processed by qualified third 

party recycling firms.

Throughout the years, Valuetronics has undergone numerous 

environmental compliance audits by our key customers as 

well as local authorities and third party certification bodies. 

We passed all the environmental compliance audits without 

major non-conformities. We will continue the PDCA approach 

to improve the environment management, targeting no major 

non-conformities in any kind of environmental compliance 

audits.

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

To raise environmental awareness among our suppliers, 

Valuetronics encourages suppliers to be accredited with 

ISO14000 standard. With regard to raw materials that might 

contain environmentally hazardous substances, the Group 

has been working closely with suppliers to push forward more 

environmental protection awareness. Suppliers are required 

to make annual declaration on their ISO14000 compliance. 

In FY2018, the majority of our Printed Circuit Board (“PCB”) 

suppliers were accredited with ISO14000 standard, as we 

considered the environmental impact of these suppliers to be 

more significant.

In FY2019, we have extended our annual assessment outside 

PCB suppliers to include our top 100 suppliers in terms of 

purchasing amount, and they are required to make an annual 

environmental compliance declaration. Majority of the 

assessed suppliers declared that they have accredited with 

ISO14000 standard or have complied with local government 

laws and regulations on environmental issues.

We will continue to raise environmental awareness among 

our suppliers. Our top 100 suppliers and PCB suppliers will 

be assessed and screened annually, with a focus on their 

compliance on environmental issues.








09

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT








SOCIAL



10

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT













DIVERSITY

Valuetronics maintains a policy of providing equal opportunities to all its employees. The Group’s recruitment of employees 

and their subsequent annual appraisal are based on merit, work attitude, cooperation with other staff and their efficiency and 

effectiveness of work.

Furthermore, the Group does not discriminate according to race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial attractiveness, physical 

impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality.

In FY2019, we have an almost equal ratio of male to female employees. Our objective is to have no incidents of discrimination 

and there has been no reported discrimination issue during the period.

WORKING STRUCTURE BY AGE

21-40

67%

16-17

2%

WORKER DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER

MALE

47%

MALE

54%

FEMALE

53%

FEMALE

46%

STAFF (OTHER THAN PRODUCTION 

LINE WORKER)

&gt;40

24%

18-20

7%




11

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND CHILD LABOUR

The Group considers its employees the most valuable asset and offers them a fair and competitive remuneration packages. 

Discretionary incentives are granted to eligible employees based on the performance of the Group as well as the individual 

employee. We continue to provide employment opportunities to local students by closely cooperating with local colleges and 

universities, and to provide nurturing programmes for fresh graduates.

The Group has a strict no child labour policy and expects the same from all of our suppliers. Annual declaration is part of the 

supplier assessment and all top 100 suppliers are in compliance with our no child labour policy.

Valuetronics will continue to provide fair employment environment and expect no child labour policy from our suppliers.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Valuetronics is pleased to confirm that there has been no fatal industrial accidents reported in FY2019. Our Environment, Health 

and Safety (“EHS”) department is independent from operational departments and monitors the following to provide a safe 

working environment for all employees through the following measures:

• Identifying potential risks through routine campus patrols and drawing up and implementing preventive actions;

• Analysing each incident for its root causes and communicating with all the relevant department managers for corrective 

actions and implementing preventive measures;

• Conducting regular training to employees on safety practices;

• Reinforcing the occupational health and safety awareness by providing trainings, putting up banners and posters in public 

areas;

• Closely following and ensuring compliance with the government’s rules and regulations on EHS;

• Ensuring fire safety management protocols are in place; performing routine check on fire safety; and 

• Carrying out regular fire drills and training.




SOCIAL



12

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (continued)

In addition, EHS department chairs regular health and safety meetings with all operational department managers to discuss 

occupational health and safety issues, focusing on the risks identified above. Immediate corrective action is carried out for each 

EHS incident, which is followed by a formal review for further prevention. EHS department also verifies the implementation and 

effectiveness of any corrective actions.

No fatal industrial accident was reported during the year, and we will continue to ensure that there is no case of fatal industrial 

accident in the factory.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Valuetronics provides its employees with an orientation program and regular training.

The orientation program is organised for new employees to introduce the company and its operations as well as its codes of 

conduct, applicable internal and external rules and regulations, and workplace safety practices.

For workers, regular training is provided for the job-related skills and updates on workplace safety. For staff, in addition 

to workplace safety training, more specialised training is also held to ensure that they keep pace with the growth and 

development of the Group. Staff training records are reviewed and specific training needs are identified for the individual’s 

career advancement. Our in-house training records showed that each staff averaged 21 hours during FY2019. We will continue 

to deploy our resources and offer training courses to our employees to enhance their professional competence.




13

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT





LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT



Visit to the Seniors Nursing Home

Visit to the Orphanage Centre

Volunteering at the Home of A Disabled 

Person



Basketball Match with Local Police Team




14

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE



SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

At Valuetronics, we believe that strong corporate governance is key to a sustainable business. That is why that since our 

listing on the SGX Mainboard in 2007 and all through to FY2019, we have continued to comply with the Singapore Code of 

Corporate Governance. Please refer to pages 13 to 27 of our Annual Report, for details of our compliance to the Singapore 

Code of Corporate Governance.

We will continue to ensure compliance with the SGX requirements.

As an integrated EMS provider, it is a continual challenge to successfully manage our environmental and social issues. 

Nevertheless, Valuetronics has incorporated these issues into our business model and implemented the applicable sustainable 

and responsible practices to mitigate these issues throughout the company. Our products also meet the stringent safety and 

environmental requirements demanded by our customers.

Valuetronics pays strict attention to the implementation of good labour practices in all our operations. The Group also provides 

various training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected in the quality and delivery of our 

products and services. We value our relationships with our clients and the wider community in which we operate in, and these 

strong relationships have helped us through the challenging times in the past. Valuetronics strongly believes that in the long 

run, these efforts will have a positive impact on our economic performance.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (“ERM”)

ERM is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resources management. Valuetronics has a thorough and 

comprehensive ERM framework to identify and manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent 

manner. For detailed disclosure on ERM, please refer to page 22 of our Annual Report.

We will perform risk assessment annually and disclose in accordance with SGX requirements.

BUSINESS ETHICS

When it comes to hiring, Valuetronics takes any possibility of conflict of interest into serious consideration. Our code of conduct 

clearly spells out our expectations from our staff and the subsequent consequences if any of the rules are violated or when 

standards not met. In addition, we also have fair grievance procedures.

The Group also takes measures to guard against cyber security risks in order to protect confidential information for both 

our internal and external stakeholders. This also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is 

safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons on a strict need-to-know basis.

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to business ethics. We have 

incorporated business ethics and codes of conduct into our new joiner orientation program, so that all of our employees are 

fully aware that our compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business.

Valuetronics has complied, in all material aspects, with applicable environmental rules and regulations, anti-competitive 

behaviour laws, and requirements on health and safety. For FY2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

for any non-compliance with the aforementioned laws, regulations and requirements. There have also been no reported 

incidents of corruption during the reporting period. It is Valuetronics’ goal to maintain zero incident of corruption, and we 

regularly review our policies on whistleblowing and anti-corruption so as to ensure that they are effective.




15

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT






16

VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED   2019 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GRI CONTENT INDEX



GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference/Description

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

Valuetronics Holdings Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Annual Report 2019, pages 64-65

102-3

Location of headquarters

Hong Kong

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2019, pages 69-70

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2019, pages 79-80

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2019, pages 64-65, 

69-70

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Annual Report 2019, pages 4 &amp; 40

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Sustainability Report 2019, page 10

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainability Report 2019, page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Valuetronics does not specifically 

address the precautionary approach

102-12

External initiatives

Sustainability Report 2019, page 13

102-13

Membership of associations

Not applicable

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Sustainability Report 2019, page 1

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Sustainability Report 2019, page 14

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Report 2019, page 14

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2019, page 4

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability Report 2019, page 4

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability Report 2019, page 4

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2019, pages 4-5

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Annual Report 2019, pages 69-70

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability Report 2019, page 1

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2019, page 5

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

29 June 2018

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about the report

Sustainability Report 2019, page 1

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Sustainability Report 2019, page 1

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2019, page 16 

and inside of back cover

102-56

External Assurance

We may seek external assurance in the 

future

 































VALUETRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Unit 9-11, 7/F Technology Park, No. 18 On Lai Street,  

Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong

T 852 2790 8278 I F 852 2304 1851

www.valuetronics.com.hk

