
 

FY2018 Sustainability Report 

Vashion Group Ltd. 

 

 

Company Registration Number: 199906220H 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

1 

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Vashion Group Ltd (the “Company”) and its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”) is pleased to publish our second sustainability report for the year 

ended 31 December 2018. 

 

Sustainability reporting has become a key component for listed companies to promote 

transparency on their sustainable business practices in relation to the economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) topics.  The Board will continue to monitor 

and review the EESG topics with taking into consideration of any changes in business 

environment and stakeholders’ feedback.  

 

During the reporting year of 2018, the Company had embarked on a new business of trading 

and retailing of luxury watches; divested its investment in Indonesia by reducing its equities 

interest in its wholly owned subsidiary to 49% equity and established a joint venture company 

with its CEO in Hong Kong, namely the Strong System Limited.  

 

In pursuing business growth, we remain committed to the conservation of the environment 

and the development of our people. This report plays an important role in helping us to create 

transparency, accountability and progress towards sustainable growth. 

 

As we venture into new businesses and sectors, we remain vigilant in the conduct of our 

businesses and continue to actively engage our stakeholders to address their concerns and 

needs. The success of our sustainability journey requires continual efforts and support from 

our stakeholders. We are confident that together, we are able to formulate strategies to build 

a sustainable business model. 

 

The following sections of this report summarize initiatives the Group has taken to achieve a 

sustainable business model, and together with the venture into new businesses, we look 

forward to scale greater heights on the journey that lie ahead of us. 

 

 

Leung Kwok Kuen, Jacob 

Independent Non-Executive Chairman, 

Independent Director 

Vashion Group Ltd. 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

2 

 

About the Company 

Vashion Group Ltd (the “Company”) is a public listed company headquartered in Singapore 

and together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) operates businesses in Singapore and Hong 

Kong.  The Group’s core business is the distribution of equipment and consumable materials, 

such as Dry Film Photoresist (“Dry Film”) for the electronics industry.  The Group also 

distributes consumable materials and spare parts to the manufacturer of etched lead frames, 

die attach, wire bonding machinery and automated encapsulation system for the 

semiconductor assembly industry.  Our customers are mainly multinational companies. 

Some of the equipment and consumable materials are purchased and imported from overseas.  

For example, Dry Film is imported from Korea for distribution.  All our products are stored in 

a warehouse before they are delivered to customers.   

The Group has embarked a new business, which is the trading and retailing of luxury watches 

in Hong Kong from March 2018. Whilst Hong Kong would be the main market for the trading 

of luxury watches, the Group does not rule out the possibility of operating the new business 

in other geographical areas as it deems fit. Our customers are mainly walk-in customers, 

independent dealers and traders of luxury watches. 

Vashion Group Ltd is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). The Group had achieved of S$11 million revenue and had liabilities of 

S$1.1 million and net equity of S$6.2 million in FY2018.  

Our People 

The Group has 10 employees in the Singapore and Hong Kong offices which can be classified 

as follows: 

:

 

Figure: Staff strength of Vashion Group Ltd and its subsidiaries 

 

 

 

 



30%

70%

Total Employees  By 

Gender (10)



Female



Male



10%

50%

40%

Total Employees By 

Age Group (10)



Below 30



30-50



Above 50


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

3 

 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 



Luxury 

Watch 

Trading 

Limited 



Vashion 

Group (H.K.) 

Holdings Ltd 



Switech 

Systems &amp; 

Marketing 

Pte Ltd 



Hi-Tech 

Distribution 

Pte Ltd 



PT. Louis 

Gianni 



 



 



 



 



Vashion 

Holdings 

Limited 



L&amp;G Global 

Company 

Limited 



 

49% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

100% 

Vashion Group Ltd 

 

FBT HK Limited 

Chemitec 

Industrial 

Private Limited 

Vashion Assets 

Management 

Limited Pte Ltd 

Sansim 

Cosmetics 

(H.K.) Limited 

Louis Gianni 

Asia Limited 



Strong 

System 

Limited 

49% 

100% 



 

Empire Top 

Limited 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

4 

 

Organization’s Value &amp; Code of Conduct 

The Group has an internal Code of Conduct stipulating the Group’s business principles and 

practices in our day-to-day operations. The Code of Conduct provides a communicable and 

understandable framework for employees to observe the principles of accountability, honesty 

and integrity in all aspects of the Group’s business and in dealings with customers, suppliers 

and other stakeholders. 

 

The Group’s Code of Conduct is as follows: 

 

 

 

The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance and emphasizes our commitment to: 

 

• Diversity and equality for all employees and stakeholders; 

• Fair and transparent employment practices; 

• Environmental goals; 

• High standards in workplace health and safety standards and procedures; and 

• Whistle blowing avenues in event of any breach. 

 

In line with the Group’s stance to pursue our business objectives with integrity and in 

compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all countries in which we operate, we also 

have in place the following corporate policies and guidelines: 

 

• Health and Safety Policy; 

• Environmental Policy; 

• Fire Safety Policy; 

• Communications Policy; 

• Risk Management Policy; and 

• Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

Throughout our day-to-day operations, we continue to remain aware of the needs of our 

employees, stakeholders, communities and the environment. 

 



Code of Conduct



Openness



Respect



Integrity



Professionalism


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

5 

 

Our day to day business practice is also based on key principles such as professionalism, high 

ethical standards, and accountability to our stakeholders, respecting the law, being people-

driven and striving for excellence. 

 

Corporate Governance 

The Board of Directors is committed to ensuring and maintaining a high standard of corporate 

governance within the Group. 

 

The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholders’ value. It 

provides entrepreneurial leadership, sets the overall strategy for the Group and ensures that 

the necessary governance approach, policy and procedures are in place to meet its objectives. 

The Board establishes a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risks to 

be assessed and managed, including safeguarding of shareholders’ interests and the Group’s 

assets, supervises the Management, reviews management performance and monitors 

performance of business goals to enhance shareholders’ value. The Board is also responsible 

for the overall corporate governance of the Group, acting in its fiduciary capacity. 

 

In order to develop a strong governance structure to monitor and manage the overall 

performance of the Company, the Board has developed 4 committees to carry out and 

discharge its duties and responsibilities efficiently and effectively, namely the Audit 

Committee (“AC”), Nominating Committee (“NC”), Remuneration Committee (“RC”) and 

Investment Committee (“IC”). 

 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

We have formed and established a governance team to be responsible in the area of 

sustainability reporting.  The team comprises the Steering Committee and the Working 

Committee.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure: Sustainability Governance Structure 

 

 



Board of Directors 



Steering Committee 



Working Committee 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

6 

 

The Steering Committee is tasked to develop and oversee the sustainability strategy, 

framework and policy.  The role and responsibility of Working Committee is to assist the 

Steering Committee in providing relevant information or data and conduct the action plans of 

the sustainability strategy. Both committees comprise representatives of each department.  

The Steering Committee provides regular updates to the Board of Directors in relation to 

sustainability matters.  The sustainability strategy, framework and policy are approved by the 

Board of Directors prior to their implementation.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

7 

 

About the Sustainability Report 

Vashion Group Ltd would like to present the second sustainability report in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Guidelines – “Core” option, the international 

framework of sustainability reporting.   The first sustainability report was published on SGX 

Net in 15 November 2018.  

We would like to present our management approach to manage the environmental, economic, 

social and governance related issues that are considered important and material to our 

Company. Through this sustainability report, we hope various stakeholders such as the 

shareholders, suppliers, customers and employees would be able to understand our 

sustainability strategies and commitment.  

The reporting period of this sustainability report is aligned with the Group’s financial year, 

which is the period from 1 January to 31 December 2018. Currently, no independent party has 

been appointed to provide assurance to this report. 

Contact Information 

We would like to provide a channel for our stakeholders to give us some comments on the 

sustainability issues in order to enable continual improvements.  Please send your feedback 

and suggestions to info@vashiongroup.com or the address below: 

Vashion Group Ltd. 

Harvest @ Woodlands, 

280 Woodlands Industrial Park E5, 

#10-50, Singapore 757322 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

8 

 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Materiality Aspect 

Stakeholders play important roles in maintaining and developing the Group’s long-term 

growth.  Most of them are involved in our day-to-day activities.  Therefore, they are in the 

best position to understand the overall situation of the Group.  We work closely with the 

stakeholders in order to identify and improve the sustainability practices of the Group. Our 

engagement approach with the various key stakeholders is listed below: 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Approach 

Key Interests 

Employees and managers 

• 

Regular dialogue 

• 

Training 

programmes 

• 

Work related 

meetings and 

discussions 

• 

Surveys 

• 

Working 

environment 

• 

Staff benefit 

• 

Development of 

technical skills 

Suppliers and customers 

• 

Phone calls 

• 

Email contacts 

• 

Formal and 

informal meetings 

• 

Surveys 

• 

Ensure the quality 

of products and 

services 

• 

Goods and services 

delivered on time 

Shareholders 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

SGX 

Announcements 

• 

Annual General 

Meetings 

• 

Adequate 

corporate 

governance 

• 

Better risk 

management 

 

Figure: Approach of Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

9 

 

The Group has engaged an external sustainability consultant to guide us on the sustainability 

reporting requirements. In cooperation with the consultant, the Group has developed the 

following processes to define the material EESG topics: 

 

 

 

In FY2018, the Group identified a new topic and decided to remove an existing topic.  Taking 

into consideration that the Dry Film Photoresist is considered a mildly environmentally 

hazardous material, it is important and material that we shall let our customer assess our 

product information and to understand the approach in the safe use and disposal of the Dry 

Film.  Transparency and customer safety is the top priority element that is important to the 

Group.  Therefore, we have identified product information and labeling as the new topic in 

the second sustainability report.   

We reported product quality and reliability in FY2017 as a material topic. This topic has been 

removed in this report as there is no suitable disclosure in GRI Standards which can be 

adopted and described for this topic.  The Group will continuously monitor and manage the 

product quality when operates in the day-to-day business activity.   

 

 

 

 

 

 



•Identify a non-exhausive list of material topics which 

are significant to our business.

Identification



•Steering and Working Committee  rated the topics 

based on the impact on business operations and 

inputs received from various key stakeholders, who 

they interact with from the day-to-day operations.

Prioritisation



•Validation of the material topics is conducted by the 

Board to finalise the report content.

Validation



•Re-examine the material topics taking into 

consideration of the changing business landscape and 

emerging trends.

Review


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

10 

 

The following EESG topics have been identified and the approaches of managing these topics 

are stated in this report: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Anti-Corruption

(Economic: GRI 205-3)



Product Information and 

Labeling

(Social: GRI 417-1)



Waste Management

(Environmental: 

GRI 306-2)



EESG 

Topic 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

11 

 

Economic: GRI 205-3 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-Corruption 

The Group strives to conduct business with the highest standards of integrity, transparency 

and accountability and does not tolerate bribery or corruption, and acts with fairness and 

integrity in its businesses. The Group is of the view that its whistle blowing policy is an 

important tool for the Group to achieve this objective.   

The Group has set up its whistle blowing policy and disseminated it to all employees through 

email and verbal communication.  By adopting the whistle blowing policy, we encourage our 

employee to highlight to us if they have encountered any incident of corruption in the Group. 

For purpose of good governance, it is the policy of the Group that employees shall be free, 

without fear of retaliation, to make known or raise concerns about actual or possible 

improprieties. 

The main scope of the Group’s whistle blowing policy covers the following: 

1. Fraudulent financial reporting 

2. Misstatements arising from misappropriation of assets 

3. Improper or unauthorized expenditures (including bribery and other improper 

payment schemes) 

4. Violations of laws and regulations (including those that expose the Group or its 

agents to regulatory or criminal actions, such as securities fraud) 

5. Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. 

 

The contact person of the whistle blowing policy is Mr. Stanley Leung Yu Tung, the Audit 

Committee Chairman of the Group.  He will protect the identity of the complainant and 

investigate the matters with the Audit Committee.  A record of the complaint will be kept 

confidentially to investigate.  The Board will evaluate the effectiveness and management 

feedback of the policy annually. 

Pursuant to the GRI Standards, under the Disclosure 205-3, the following information shall be 

disclosed in the sustainability report: 

• 

Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption 

• 

Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or 

disciplined for corruption 

• 

Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were 

terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption 

• 

Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its 

employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases 

During the year of 2018, there is no incident of corruption concerning the Company. We aim 

to maintain zero incident of corruption in the year of 2019.  

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

12 

 

Environmental GRI 306-2 

Waste Management 

The Group is operating a business of trading and selling Dry Film Photoresist (“Dry Film”). The 

Dry Film Photoresist considered a mildly environmentally hazardous material and subject to 

compliance of the environmental protection regulation for disposal of such materials.  In order 

to protect our environment, we are committed to dispose of damaged Dry Film properly.  

The Group has established a policy of handling damaged Dry Film.  We import the Dry Film 

from an overseas supplier to sell to local etched lead frame manufacturers. The Dry Film could 

be damaged during transportation from overseas to our cool room or due to defects in the 

manufacturing processes. The damaged Dry Film need to be properly disposed as it contains 

environmentally hazardous substance such as photopolymers resins.   

We are committed to comply with the Environmental Protection and Management Act, under 

Part VII: Hazardous Substances Control.  All damaged or rejected Dry Film shall be properly 

kept in the box and disposed according to the guidelines. 

We will place all the damaged Dry Film into the original box and seal it with scotch tape. The 

damaged Dry Films are kept securely and separately in the Group’s premise to prevent theft. 

A list of the rejected Dry Film shall be sent to the supplier for advice and approval for disposal.  

We have engaged a local licensed waste management agency to dispose the damaged Dry 

Film at incineration plants. The following table shows the total weight of the Dry Film bought 

by the Company, damaged Dry Film and the damaged Dry Film disposed for incineration from 

FY2016 to FY2018:  

 

FY2016 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Total Weight of Dry Film 

Bought (Tonnage) 

104 

102 

81 

Total Weight of Damaged Dry 

Film (Tonnage) 

20 

5.36 

2.29 

Total Weight of Damaged Dry 

Film Disposed for Incineration 

(Tonnage) 

20 

5.36 

2.29 

 

We have continuously disposed 100% of the damaged Dry Film in the past 3 years in order to 

protect our environment. During the year of 2019, we commit to dispose 100% of damaged 

Dry Film through the local licensed waste management agency by sending them to the 

incineration plants. 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

13 

 

Social GRI 417-1 

Product Information and Labeling 

Transparency is the key factor to build trust and credibility along with our customers. It is our 

role and responsibility to share with our customers’ adequate information about the positive 

and negative environmental and social impacts of our products.   

All the Dry Film sold to customers have detailed labeling and information tag. Our Store 

Executive places all the Dry Film in boxes and seals them with scotch tape.  Product label is 

tagged on every box that is going to be delivered to our customers.  Pursuant to GRI Standards, 

under the Disclosure 417-1, the following type of information is required for product 

information and labeling: 

• 

The sourcing of components of the product or service 

• 

Content, particularly with regard to substances that might produce an environmental 

or social impact 

• 

Safe use of the product or service 

• 

Disposal of the product and environmental or social impacts 

We share the detailed information with our customers through the product label tagged on 

the Dry Film boxes and issuing the Material Safety Data Sheet (“MSDS”) which state the 

information above, such as the potential health effect of using such product, the safe use and 

proper approach in disposing the Dry Film.  The MSDS is prepared by our supplier and we will 

ensure that our customers receive the sheet every time when they purchase the Dry Film from 

us. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

14 

 

 

 The following key information is described in the product label: 

 

 

 

 

During the year of 2019, we strive to ensure that 100% of the Dry Film are tagged with labeling 

and MSDS are sent to customers at all times.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Labeling



Source 

of Dry 

Film



Quantity



Expiry 

Date



Length



Width


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

15 

 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure Title 

Header 

Page 

Reference 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-2 

Primary brands, product and 

services 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-3 

Location of Headquarters 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-6 

Market served 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-8 

Workforce figures 

Our People 

Page 2 

102-9 

Organisation’s supply chain 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-10 

Significant changes during 

the reporting period 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Corporate Governance 

Page 5 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

None 

- 

102-13 

Memberships of associations 

None 

- 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision- maker 

Board Statement 

Page 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, 

and norms of behaviour 

Organization’s Value &amp; Code 

of Conduct 

Page 4 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance 

Structure 

Page 5 - 6 

Stakeholders Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8 - 10 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8  

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8 - 10 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised through stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8 - 10 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

organisation’s consolidated 

financial statements 

Group Structure 

Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic boundaries 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8 - 10 


FY2018 Sustainability Report – Vashion Group Ltd. 

16 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 8 - 10 

102-48 

Effect of any restatements of 

information provided in 

previous reports 

Not Applicable 

 

102-49 

Significant changes from 

previous reports in the 

material topics and 

boundaries 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Aspect 

Page 9 

102-50 

Reporting Period 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 7 

102-51 

Date of previous report 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 7 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 7 

102-53 

Contact point 

Contact Information 

Page 7 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with GRI 

Standards 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 7 

102-55 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

Page 15 - 

16 

102-56 

Assurance 

Not Applicable 

- 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary 

1) Whistle Blowing and 

Anti-Corruption 

2) Waste Management 

3) Product Information 

&amp; Labeling 

Page 11 - 

14 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the 

management approach 

Specific GRI Standards Disclosures 

GRI 205 Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-

Corruption 

Page 11 

GRI 306 Effluents &amp; Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

Waste Management 

Page 12 

GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 

417-1 

Requirements for product 

and service information and 

labeling 

Product Information and 

Labeling 

Page 13 - 

14 

 

 

