
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

Vashion Group Ltd 

(Company Registration Number: 199906220H) 

 

 


2 

 

About the Company 

Vashion Group Ltd (the “Company”) is a public listed company and together with its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”) are headquartered in Singapore with the businesses in Singapore 

and Hong Kong.  The core businesses are engaged in the distribution of equipment and 

consumable materials, such as the Dry Film Photoresist (“Dry Film”) for the electronics 

industry and provides switchgear design and assembly services.  The Group distributes 

consumable materials and spare parts to the manufacturer of etched lead frames, die attach, 

wire bonding machinery and automated encapsulation system for the semiconductor 

assembly industry.  Our customers are mainly multinational companies. 

Some of the equipment and consumable materials are purchased and imported from overseas.  

For example, the Dry Film is imported from Korea for distribution.  All the products are stored 

in our warehouse before selling to customers.   

As of 20 March 2018, approximately 40.02% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company are 

held by the public, and therefore, Rule 723 of the Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST 

Listing Manual is complied with.  The Group had achieved $3.2 million revenue and recorded 

$2.3 million debts and $3.1 million equities in FY2017.  

The Group has 10 employees (3 female and 7 male employees), as shown in the diagram below: 

 

Figure: Staff Strength of Vashion Group Ltd and its subsidiaries 

 

Organization’s Value &amp; Code of Conduct 

The Group has an internal Code of Conduct stipulating the Group’s business principles and 

practices in our day-to-day operations. The Code of Conduct provides a communicable and 

understandable framework for employees to observe the principles of accountability, honesty 

and integrity in all aspects of the Group’s business and in dealings with suppliers and other 

stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 



30%

70%

Permanent Employees



Female



Male


3 

 

 The Group’s core values are: 

 

 

 

The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance and emphasizes our commitment to: 

 

• Diversity and equality for all employees and stakeholders; 

• Fair and transparent employment practices; 

• Environmental goals; 

• High standards in workplace health and safety standards and procedures;  

• Whistle blowing avenues in event of any breach. 

 

In line with the Group’s stance to pursue our business objectives with integrity and in 

compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all countries in which we operate, we also 

have in place the following corporate policies and guidelines: 

 

• Health and Safety Policy; 

• Environmental Policy; 

• Fire Safety Policy; 

• Communications Policy; 

• Risk Management Policy;  

• Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

Throughout our day-to-day operations, we continue to remain aware of the needs of our 

employees, stakeholders, communities and the environment. 

 

Professionalism, high ethical standards, accountability to our stakeholders, respecting the law, 

being people-driven and striving for excellence are the key principles on which our day-to-day 

business practice is based. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Core Value



Openness



Respect



Integrity



Professionalism


4 

 

Board Statement 

We are pleased to present the Group’s first Sustainability Report which outlines how 

sustainability is embedded in our business practices.  The report is prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) G4 Guidelines – “Core” option, the report covers 

a range of economic, environmental, social and governance efforts carried out across the 

Group’s operations. 

 

In line with our sustainability vision as a company with sustainable business practices that will 

benefit future generations; we have collectively considered sustainability issues in the 

formulation of the Group’s strategy.  Several key focus areas in the form of material 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors have been set out.  

 

The ESG factors material to the Group and our stakeholders are namely: whistle blowing, 

waste management, product quality &amp; reliability.  Setting the tone from the top, we assume 

ultimate responsibility for sustainability reporting and oversee the management and 

monitoring of material ESG factors. 

 

As we embark on this sustainability reporting journey, we strive to continually identify, 

manage and address material ESG factors.  These issues will be reviewed on an ongoing basis, 

taking into account the business environment, our business objectives and stakeholders’ 

feedback.  We believe that this will help us to build a sustainable business model that will take 

into account stakeholders’ interests while creating greater value for shareholders over the 

long term. 

 

The Group is importing and distributing consumables such as Dry Film Photoresist and spare 

parts to the local manufacturer of parts of the semiconductor.  Excellent product quality and 

services is the key to success of the Group. 

The Group is operating in very competitive environment and need to provide high quality 

products and excellent services to the customer to ensure customer satisfaction and 

continuing of the business. 

 

Our product is considered hazardous to the environment.  Therefore, in order to protect the 

environment, we have the responsibility to take care of our product. The disposal of the 

rejected or damaged product will be conducted according to the Singapore Environmental 

Protection and Management Regulations and the Dry Film shall be properly kept in the box 

and disposed according to the guidelines. 

 

Leung Kwok Kuen, Jacob 

Independent Non-Executive Chairman, 

Independent Director 

Vashion Group Ltd. 

 

 

 


5 

 

Risk and Opportunity 

The Group is subject to various risks inherent to the different countries, industries and 

markets in which it does business and to the activities it carries out, which may prevent it from 

achieving its objectives and successfully implementing its strategies. 

Aware of the significance of this issue, the Board of Directors undertakes to develop all of its 

capabilities in order to adequately identify, measure, manage and control the significant risks 

to all the activities and businesses of the Group, and to establish through the Risk 

Management Policy for appropriate management of the risks. 

All actions aimed at controlling and mitigating risks shall conform to the main principles of 

conduct, such as segregation of duties, compliance of the law and company’s corporate 

governance. 

The on-going identification and analysis of significant risks and threats (including passive 

liabilities and other off-balance sheet risks), both for each corporate business or function and 

taking into account their combined effect on the Group.  

As a whole, the Group’s Risk Management System makes it possible to handle the risks 

associated with the economic and environmental dimensions. 

The Group has seen the growing number middle class and purchasing power of the China and 

Hong Kong consumers, and would like to position and to take advantage of the opportunities 

and prepare to enter into luxury goods business.  The business would likely be commenced in 

the year of 2018. 

Governance Structure 

We have formed and established a governance team to be in responsible to the fieldwork of 

sustainability reporting.  The team comprises the Steering Committee and the Working 

Committee.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure: Governance Structure 

 



Board of Directors 



Steering Committee 



Working Committee 



All Employees 


6 

 

The Steering Committee is tasked to develop and oversee the sustainability strategy, 

framework and policy.  The role and responsibility of Working Committee is to assist the 

Steering Committee in providing relevant information or data and conduct the action plan of 

the sustainability strategy. Both committees comprise the representative of each department.  

Steering Committee updates regularly to the Board of Directors in relation of the sustainability 

matters.  The sustainability strategy, framework and policy should be approved by the Board 

of Directors prior to implement it.   

The committees comprise the following members: 

Steering Committee 

 

Working Committee 

Chan Ka Ki 

Chief Financial 

Officer 

Ricky Yap Soo 

Kiat 

Operation 

Manager of 

Switech 

Systems &amp; 

Marketing Pte 

Ltd 

Tansri Saridju 

Benui 

Director @ 

subsidiaries 

level 

Alex Choo Tian 

Wang 

Operational 

Manager of 

HiTech 

Distribution Pte 

Ltd 

Wong Chiew 

Yuen 

Finance 

Manager 

Vivian Xu Wen 

Qing 

Account 

Executive 

 

 

Ivan 

Soon 

Leong Teik 

Account 

Executive 

 

 

Emily Tan Hoon 

Ngor 

Sales and Office 

Administrator 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

Group Structure 

 

Figure: Group Structure 

 

About the Sustainability Report 

Vashion Group Ltd would like to present the inaugural sustainability report in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) G4 Guidelines – “Core” option, the framework of 

sustainability reporting.   

We would like to present our management approach to manage the environmental, social 

and governance related issues that are considered important and material to our Company. 

Through this sustainability report, we hope the various stakeholders such as the shareholders, 

suppliers, customers and employees would be able to understand our sustainability strategies 

and commitment.  

The reporting period of this sustainability report is aligned with the Group’s financial year, 

which is the period from 1 January to 31 December 2017. Currently, no independent party has 

been appointed to provide assurance to this report. 

 




8 

 

Contact Information 

We would like to provide a channel for our stakeholders to give us some comments on the 

sustainability issues in order to enables continual improvements.  Please send your feedback 

and suggestions to info@vashiongroup.com or the address below: 

Vashion Group Ltd 

Harvest @ Woodlands, 

280 Woodlands Industrial Park E5, 

#10-50, Singapore 757322 

 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Materiality Aspect 

Stakeholders play important roles in maintain and develop the Company long term growth.  

Most of them are involved in our day-to-day activities.  Therefore, they are in the best position 

to understand the overall situation of the Company.  We work closely with the stakeholders 

in order to develop and improve the Company.  

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement Approach 

Key Interests 

Employees and managers 

• 

Regular dialogue 

• 

Training program 

• 

Work related 

meeting and 

discussion 

• 

Survey 

• 

Working 

environment 

• 

Staff benefit 

• 

Development of 

technical skills 

Suppliers and customers 

• 

Phone call 

• 

Email contact 

• 

Formal and 

informal meeting 

• 

Survey 

• 

Ensure the good 

quality of product 

and services 

• 

Goods and services 

provides on time 

 

Figure: Approach of Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

We have gathered the concern raised by our key stakeholders in relation to the environmental, 

social and governance factors.  The factors were then prioritized based on the impact to the 

Company.  Three factors are selected and to be reported, as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Whistle Blowing

(G4-SO5)



Product Quality &amp; Reliability

(G4-EC1)



Waste Management

(G4-EN23)



ESG 

Factors 


10 

 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-Corruption 

The Group would like to strive to conduct the business to the highest standards of integrity, 

transparency and accountability and does not tolerate bribery or corruption, and acts with 

fairness and integrity in its businesses. The Group viewed that the whistle blowing policy is an 

important tool for the Group to achieve this objective.   

The Group has set up the whistle blowing policy and disseminated to all employees through 

email and verbal communication.   

For purpose of good governance, it is the policy of the Company that any employee of the 

Company shall be free, without fear of retaliation, to make known or raise concerns about 

actual or possible improprieties. 

The main scopes of whistle blowing cover the following: 

1. Fraudulent financial reporting 

2. Misstatements arising from misappropriation of assets 

3. Improper or unauthorized expenditures (including bribery and other improper 

payment schemes) 

4. Violations of laws and regulations (including those that expose the company or its 

agents to regulatory or criminal actions. For example: securities frauds) 

5. Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. 

There is no case of whistle blowing has been reported to the contact person.  The contact 

person of the whistle blowing is Stanley Leung Yu Tung, the Audit Committee Chairman of the 

Group.  He will protect the identity of the complainant and investigate the matters with the 

Audit Committee.  A record of the complaint will be kept confidentially to investigate. 

The Board will evaluate the effectiveness and management feedback of the policy annually. 

Adjustment will be conducted if necessary.  We set our target to achieve zero case of whistle 

blowing in future.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

Waste Management 

The Group is operating in a business which trade and sell the Dry Film Photoresist (the “Dry 

Film”). The Dry Film Photoresist is an environmental hazard materials and subject to 

compliance of the environmental protection regulation for disposal of the materials.  In order 

to protect our environment, we feel that it is an important responsibility to dispose the 

damaged dry film accurately.  

The Group has set a policy in handling the damaged dry film.  We import the dry film 

photoresist from an overseas supplier to sell to local etched lead frame manufacturers. The 

Dry Film could be damaged during transportation from overseas to our cool room and may 

also be due to defect in the manufacturing processes. The damaged Dry Film need to be 

properly disposed as it contains an environmental hazards substance such as photopolymers 

resins.   

We are committed to comply with the Singapore Environmental Protection and Management 

Regulations.  All damaged or rejected Dry Film shall be properly kept in the box and disposed 

according to the guidelines. 

We will place all the damaged Dry Film into the original box and sealed with scotch tape.  A 

listing and details of the rejected Dry Film shall be sent to the supplier for advice and approval 

for disposal.  We have engaged the local licensed waste management agency to dispose the 

damaged Dry Film at incineration plants. 

 

 

The Company had disposed 5.36 ton of the damaged Dry Film Photoresist in the year of 2017 

and we aim to reduce at least 20% of the disposal for the year of 2018. 

 

 

 









2.81

2.55

0

0

0

0.5

1

1.5

2

2.5

3

March 2017

June 2017

September 2017

December 2017

Tonnage of Waste Disposal



Tonnage


12 

 

Product Quality and Reliability 

As the business of importing and distribution of Dry Film Photoresist is very competitive, the 

Group needs to maintain high-quality of the product and excellent services to the customer; 

as such the product quality will be one of the main factors for the sustainability of the Group.    

We import the Dry Film from an overseas supplier to sell to local etched lead frame 

manufacturers.  The Dry Film is sensitive to ultra violet light (the “UV Light”) and temperature 

hence it must be stored at cool and dark place, as that we have constructed a cool room 

maintain the temperature in approximately 18oC and installed with yellow light. The Dry Film 

shall be shipped via 20 foot refrigerated container and shall maintain the temperature 

approximately 18oC at all time.  

During the goods inward procedure, we make sure that there is no wrinkle and edge fusion in 

the Dry Film.  If wrinkle and edge fusion in the Dry Film, it is considered as rejected item. 

Wrinkle is the most common types of defects found in the Dry Film. Wrinkles and edge fusion 

are usually caused by heat and pressure in the polyester base. The Dry Film roll telescope is 

another type of defect that caused by too low of the coefficient of friction of web face to back 

during the Dry Film roll winding process.  

We have developed product quality policy to manage and store the Dry Film in a suitable 

temperature and ensure that the quality is maintained well.  The purpose of these policy and 

procedure is to reduce the damaged goods to the minimum level for supplying a reliable 

quality Dry Film to the customer. 

We are committed to provide high-quality Dry Film and services to our customers. We strive 

to consistently meet or exceed our comprehensive quality standards in delivery of products 

to our customers. 

 

Figure: Number of Rolls of Rejected Dry Film when Inspection during Receiving Goods 

13,248 rolls of Dry Film Photoresist had been purchased and we detected 548 rolls of damaged 

Dry Film Photoresist in the year of 2017.  The Group targets to reduce the damaged goods by 

at least 20% in the year of 2018.  

37

90

79

91

95

94

7

16

2

9

5

23

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Rejected Dry Film

