


VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

DRIVING 

SUSTAINABLE  

GROWTH




The scope and boundaries of the Sustainability 

Report 

(the 

"Report") 

are 

determined 

with 

Venture’s stakeholders in mind. The Report sets 

out environmental, social and governance ("ESG") 

information of Venture’s major sites in Singapore and 

Malaysia that collectively contributes approximately 

three quarters of the Group’s FY 2017 revenue. 

This Report provides Venture’s 

stakeholders 

with 

a 

holistic 

understanding on how the Group 

continues to create value through 

managing the key sustainability 

issues that are of importance to its 

business and stakeholders. 

The Report covers the financial year ended  

31 December 2017. Venture will continue to publish 

the sustainability report annually.

The determination of the Group’s material ESG 

factors was conducted in the context of its business 

strategy through a structured process involving 

the Sustainability Steering Committee under the 

guidance of an independent external consultant. 

Read 

more 

about 

the 

Group’s 

sustainability 

governance structure and the materiality assessment 

process on pages 9 &amp; 10. 

The Report and additional corporate information 

are 

available 

on 

the 

Group’s 

website 

at  

www.venture.com.sg. Venture places high value 

on communication and feedback through active 

stakeholder engagement.  Your feedback is welcomed 

at sustainability@venture.com.sg.

About this Report




Contents

Venture’s Value Creation since its inception

 » Mission

 » Sustainability Snapshot 2017

2

Letter from the Board

4

Venture’s Sustainability Approach

5

Sustainability Governance Structure

9

Materiality Assessment

10

Material Factors

 » Environmental Compliance

 » Talent Attraction, Retention &amp; Development

 » Occupational Health &amp; Safety

 » Protection of Confidential Information

 » Compliance with Other Laws &amp; Regulations

11

12

14

15

16

Sustainability at the Core

17

GRI Content Index

18


















Environmental Management(2) 

Venture adopts a comprehensive 

approach to environmental 

management beyond compliance and 

undertakes initiatives to promote 

greater environmental responsibility 

and encourage the diffusion of 

environmentally friendly technologies.

Economic Performance(1) 

Venture pursues excellence in 

economic performance anchored 

on substantial value creation and 

capture, operational excellence 

and stronger and deeper 

collaborative alliances.



ALL FACILITIES ARE

ISO 14001 CERTIFIED

WE EMBRACE LEAN

MISSION

To be a leading provider of technology solutions, products and services

Venture recognises that a comprehensive business sustainability plan is key to help the Group be 

more resilient and tap into new opportunities in a fast-changing and technology driven world.

Venture’s Board and Management believe that sustainability considerations support its overall 

vision of creating value to its stakeholders, and have considered sustainability issues as part of 

its strategic formulation and deliberation since its establishment.

Building a sustainable business has always been a part of Venture’s DNA and the Group’s 

sustainability goals are multi-faceted.  Besides having a strong focus on economic performance and 

technological leadership, Venture is committed to managing the performance of key environmental, 

social and governance factors with an emphasis on positive outcomes. Sustainable practices are 

embedded across the Group’s business.

SUSTAINABILITY SNAPSHOT 2017

The Report sets out the identified material ESG factors and details how the respective ESG factors are 

managed and monitored.  Information regarding Economic Performance is covered in Venture’s FY 2017 

Annual Report.

FY 2017

REVENUE

S$4.0B

FY 2017

PROFIT

S$372.8M

FY 2017 

NET 

MARGIN

9.3%

FY 2017

NET PROFIT

PER HEAD

COUNT

&gt;S$30,000

Note:

(1) 

Please see “Economic Performance” in GRI Content Index for corresponding GRI Disclosures.

(2) 

Please see “Environmental Compliance” in GRI Content Index for corresponding GRI Disclosures.



2

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Venture’s Value Creation since its inception












Talent Attraction, Retention 

&amp; Development(3)

Venture continuously reviews and 

identifies the talent and skillset 

requirements of the Group, creating 

and nurturing a critical pool of 

knowledge that will drive and sustain 

its leading edge.   

Protection of  

Confidential Information(5) 

Venture makes collective efforts 

across the Group to protect and 

safeguard confidential information in 

order to build and maintain trusted 

and long-term relationships with  

its stakeholders.

VCME &amp;

VCMEx training

programmes

FOSTER CREATIVITY

&amp; INNOVATION

HIRE TALENTS WITH

SUPERIOR 

COMPETENCY, 

KNOWLEDGE 

AND SKILL



COLLECTIVE EFFORTS 

ACROSS THE GROUP TO 

PROTECT AND  

SAFEGUARD 

CONFIDENTIAL 

INFORMATION



Compliance with  

Other Laws &amp; Regulations(6) 

Venture believes that its drive towards 

strong corporate governance and ethical 

corporate conduct will translate to sound 

business decisions, underpinning its 

operational and financial performance 

and delivering value to all stakeholders.



ROBUST 

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE 

FRAMEWORK



ZERO CASES

OF NON-COMPLIANCE 

AND FINES

Occupational Health  

&amp; Safety(4) 

Venture believes that a healthy 

and safe work environment 

can have a positive impact on 

job performance and employee 

satisfaction, factors that have a 

direct correlation towards the 

achievement of organisational 

goals and objectives. 

Note:

(3) 

Please see “Training and Education” in GRI Content Index for corresponding GRI Disclosures. 

(4) 

Please see “Occupational Health &amp; Safety” in GRI Content Index for corresponding GRI Disclosures.

(5) 

Protection of Confidential Information is a non-GRI material topic. 

(6) 

Please see “Socio-economic Compliance” in GRI Content Index for corresponding GRI Disclosures.









3

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED


AS VENTURE CONTINUES TO BUILD ON ITS CURRENT SUCCESS, 

THE GROUP REMAINS APPRECIATIVE OF HOW AN INCREASINGLY 

INTERCONNECTED ECONOMIC-SOCIAL-ENVIRONMENTAL LANDSCAPE 

CAN IMPACT THE NATURAL ENVIRONMENT AND FABRIC OF THE SOCIETY. 

AT VENTURE, IT IS THE GROUP’S BELIEF THAT BUSINESS SUCCESS MUST 

BE ACCOMPANIED BY UNCOMPROMISING PRINCIPLES OF INTEGRITY. 

Recognising the importance of communicating its 

sustainability endeavours, the Group has set up 

a sustainability governance structure comprising 

the Venture Board of Directors, the Sustainability 

Steering Committee (“SSC”) and the Sustainability 

Task Force (“STF”). Members across key functions 

and operations within the Group are represented at 

the committee and task force level.

In this inaugural sustainability report (the “Report”), 

the Board and Management of the Group will discuss 

Venture’s value creation strategy demonstrated 

through sustainable practices embedded across 

the Group. The Report also sets out the economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) 

aspects of its business with discussion of key EESG 

factors of priority to Venture and its stakeholders

While the Report (prepared with reference to 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

(2016) and in alignment to SGX-ST’s Listing Rules–

Sustainability Reporting Guide) is a key document on 

sustainability, shareholders are encouraged to read 

it together with the Annual Report, for a complete 

appreciation of the Group’s sustainability philosophy 

and approach.

Board of Directors

Venture Corporation Limited

Sustainability is firmly embedded in Venture’s Value 

Creation DNA. 

Since its founding, it is Venture’s strong belief that 

value creation must lie at the heart of all the Group 

does.  Guided by its mission and core values, Venture 

has seen its relentless pursuit of excellence come to 

fruition in many ways.

 

Venture was listed in 1992 on SESDAQ, a secondary 

Board of the Singapore Exchange. It was promoted 

to SGX Mainboard in April 1997. Besides having 

a strong focus on economic performance and 

technological leadership, Venture takes pride in 

having contributed to the economy and the society 

through the creation of more than 12,000 quality 

jobs worldwide, covering research, products and 

solutions development, advanced manufacturing, 

deep supply chain management and order fulfilment, 

product distribution and reverse logistics.

 

As Venture continues to build on its current 

success, the Group remains appreciative of how 

an increasingly interconnected economic-social-

environmental landscape can impact our natural 

environment and fabric of society.  At Venture, it 

is the Group’s belief that business success must 

be accompanied by uncompromising principles of 

integrity. 

Venture Board and Management have considered 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation and deliberation since its establishment. 

4

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Letter from the Board


Relentless Pursuit of Excellence

Unceasing quest and passion for superior outcome and greatness in 

every situation.

Rendering the  Highest Level of Total Customer Satisfaction

Delivering total customer satisfaction anchored on win-win 

partnership, mutual trust and respect.

Encouraging Employees to Realise Their Full Potential

Inspiring self and others to constantly seek out opportunities for 

continual learning, step out of our comfort zones and scale up to 

new heights of competency.

Building Strong Cohesion and Teamwork

Our teamwork is founded on humility, trust, collaboration and the 

mission of Venture.

Fostering Creativity and Innovation

Generating transformational business value through creativity 

and innovation.

The Group believes that value-creation for all stakeholders must lie at the heart of all it does and that value 

is created when the positive impacts the Group generates for its stakeholders outweigh the resources 

consumed.   

The Group takes a strategic approach to sustainability by aligning its sustainability focus areas with its core 

values.  By integrating deeply into the way the Group conducts its business, its values and beliefs, Venture 

believes it is able to better serve the interests of its partners and business associates, as well as the wider 

interests of society and all stakeholders.

The Group is galvanised around its core values.  These timeless principles are more than just inspiring words. 

They are behavioural blueprints that have shaped and guided every Venture employee in their thoughts, 

words and actions.

5

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Venture’s Sustainability Approach


The Group is cognisant that its operations 

and sustainability efforts have direct 

and indirect impacts on many groups of 

stakeholders, such as business partners 

and associates, employees, shareholders 

and investors, regulators, media and 

the communities.  While Venture has 

considered all its stakeholders in the 

preparation of this Report, this Report 

is focusing on how it has created shared 

value for three key stakeholder groups, 

namely business partners, employees and 

shareholders. These three stakeholder 

groups have the most significant impact on 

Venture’s success and are in turn, the most 

significantly impacted by Venture’s value 

creation journey.

Venture 

seeks 

to 

create 

compelling 

differentiation 

through continuous innovation, 

relentless pursuit of excellence 

and development of strategic 

partnerships. 

Venture develops a diversified 

portfolio of technology-based 

services 

and 

engineering 

capabilities to further extend 

its value creation and value 

capture for the Group and for 

its partners. 

The 

Group 

continuously 

explores 

new 

ideas 

and 

partnerships to innovate and 

improve its key capabilities and 

core competencies as well as 

to drive operational excellence 

across the entire Group. 

Venture also strives to extend 

its 

pursuit 

of 

excellence 

along the value chain through 

responsible sourcing practices 

and export policies.  

Venture values human capital. The 

Group attracts and retains high calibre 

talent and empowers  its employees 

to reach their full potential through 

providing 

them 

with 

continuous 

coaching and a safe and collaborative 

work environment.

The Group’s employees are its greatest 

assets, therefore their competencies 

and well-being are fundamental to 

the Group’s business operations and 

growth. 

Venture strives to build a dynamic 

and competent workforce with strong 

technical, professional and leadership 

qualities. The Group provides various 

development opportunities to equip 

its employees with the right skills and 

experiences. 

Venture rewards its employees with 

fair and competitive remuneration. At 

the same time, Venture provides its 

employees with an open culture that 

emphasises teamwork. 

Venture is committed to 

delivering strong returns 

to 

its 

shareholders, 

growing from strength to 

strength through building 

resilience and adaptability 

in a dynamic business 

environment.

Venture strives to build a 

resilient, sustainable and 

adaptable enterprise that 

will constantly stay ahead of 

the curve of technological 

advancement.  

Venture was first listed on 

the SGX Sesdaq in 1992 

and 

was 

subsequently 

promoted 

to 

the 

SGX 

Mainboard in 1997.  Today, 

Venture is amongst the top 

30 largest companies listed 

on the SGX with a market 

capitalisation 

exceeding 

S$7.0 billion (as at end 

March 2018). 

6

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Venture’s Sustainability Approach


Venture believes in capturing results beyond numbers and delivering exceptional performance and value. 

The quest to deliver value extends from innovation to customer satisfaction to building an organisation of 

operational and financial excellence. It is an everyday pursuit - to raise the bar of operational excellence, 

innovation and customer satisfaction – sealing the partnership with a defining difference and uncompromising 

value-add.  Over the past three decades, the Group has grown in strength, built upon its capabilities, 

augmented its technology domains, expanded its diversified customer base and demonstrated resilience. 

Venture will continue this journey towards excellence by working with its stakeholders to create value, as well 

as effectively manage sustainability risks and opportunities.

The Group is proud that its dedication and commitment to excellence has been recognised.  Venture has 

received numerous awards from its customers and other organisations. The Group has consistently been 

ranked “Best in Class” in technology, quality, responsiveness, delivery, cost and environment ("TQRDCE").  

The following tables capture the awards and/or recognitions the Group received in 2017: 

CUSTOMERS’ RECOGNITIONS

CORPORATE AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS

Achieving the Milestone 

of 10 Million Devices 

Manufactured

Investor Relations - 

Best in Sector  

Information Technology  

(IR Magazine)

Outstanding

Performance

Most Transparent Company 

Information Technology

(SIAS)

Outstanding Service 

&amp; Contribution

Fastest Growing Company 

Manufacturing

(The Edge)

Dedication to Excellence:

 Support Continuous Improvements 

in Cost Reduction Efforts

Venture Chairman and CEO 

Mr Wong Ngit Liong conferred the 

National University of Singapore 

Eminent Alumni Award

Outstanding Supplier for 

Exceptional Contribution

Best Performing Stock

(The Edge)

Exceeding Expectations 

in Raw Materials 

Management

10M

7

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Venture’s Sustainability Approach


Stakeholder Engagement

Venture proactively engages both its internal and external stakeholders through various channels to identify 

and understand issues pertinent to them. Venture believes that effective engagement with its key stakeholders 

is crucial in aligning its business decisions with stakeholders’ needs and concerns. The table below captures 

Venture’s key engagement methods and frequency of engagement with these groups of stakeholders namely 

Business Partners, Employees and Shareholders. 

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS

FREQUENCY

Business Partners

Regular meetings between our business 

partners and our internal resources including 

Senior Management, TCS (Total Customer 

Satisfaction) Managers, Alliance Management 

and Programme Managers

Business review and customer scorecard

Throughout the year

Periodically

Employees

Induction programme for new employees

Training and development programmes

Regular communications and meetings

Recreational and wellness activities

Performance and career development

Throughout the year

Shareholders

Corporate announcements and dissemination 

of financial results via SGXNet and company 

website

Annual General Meeting 

Throughout the year

Annually

8

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Venture’s Sustainability Approach


Sustainability Governance Structure 

In order to effectively manage sustainability as described in the Sustainability Approach section, the 

sustainability governance structure was formally set up comprising leadership and members across different 

geographies and functions. This is aligned with Venture’s deep-rooted core values which are essential enduring 

principles that guide the Group’s policies, practices and goals. The Sustainability Steering Committee ("SSC") 

is responsible for driving the Group’s sustainability strategy, managing and monitoring the key sustainability 

issues as well as developing this report. The SSC is supported by the Sustainability Task Force ("STF") for 

implementation and execution. The SSC reports to the Board which provides their guidance and oversees the 

aforementioned responsibilities. 

Venture's Board incorporates sustainability 

issues as part of the Group's strategic 

formulation. It also offers guidance to the SSC 

in their deliberation of ESG factors material to 

Venture’s business.

The SSC develops sustainability objectives  

and strategy, manages and monitors overall 

sustainability performance of the Group. 

The SSC makes periodic reports to the 

Board.

Venture employees support the Group’s 

sustainability initiatives, policies and 

best practices.

The STF includes representatives across 

functions and divisions and drives 

sustainability programme of the Group.

9

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Sustainability Governance Structure 


Venture took a three-step materiality assessment process to identify the material ESG factors that are 

important to both the business and the stakeholders for reporting purpose. Venture engaged an external 

consultant and made reference to the GRI Standards Materiality Principle to carry out the process. 

A list of potentially relevant ESG factors was identified through background research on both Venture’s 

internal and external factors. The sources of research include Venture’s existing risk analysis and disclosures, 

industry peers’ disclosures as well as sustainability trends and reporting frameworks. An online questionnaire 

was also conducted to get internal stakeholders’ views on the relevance of the list of ESG factors.

The SSC attended a materiality prioritisation workshop and had various meetings to discuss and prioritise the 

list of ESG factors. As a result of these activities, the SSC arrived at six material factors for report disclosure 

this year.

VENTURE TOOK A THREE-STEP MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

PROCESS TO IDENTIFY THE MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

















IDENTIFY MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Research and pre-workshop questionnaire

Conduct background research in similar industry 

and look at what peers and customers are reporting 

to identify a universe of material ESG factors.

VALIDATE MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Presentation to the Board

Evaluate the factors that have been prioritised and 

seek approval from Senior Management and the 

Board of Directors. 

PRIORITISE MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Sustainability Reporting Workshop

Decide which ESG factors are more relevant than 

others by determining their priority.

A

C

B

Feedback from 

engagement with 

key stakeholders 

was incorporated 

into each step

INCLUSION OF MATERIAL ESG DISCLOSURES  

IN THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

10

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Materiality Assessment


The Group actively involves its management and engages its employees in incorporating 

environmental issues into its business with the deep appreciation that environmental 

management has profound impact on an organisation’s operational efficiency, profitability 

and reputation.  Venture believes that environmental management goes beyond statutory 

and regulatory compliance and undertakes voluntary green initiatives throughout the 

Group.  This is demonstrative of its stance on environmental responsibility. 

Under the stewardship of the Lean Council, Venture has forged ahead as the market leader in Manufacturing 

Efficiency, Variation Reduction and Value Stream Unification. In addition, the Group has witnessed, through a 

greater level of teamwork, an improvement in collaboration and communication across various business units 

and departments within the Group. The adoption of Lean initiatives have positively shaped all employees’ 

behaviour and actions by fostering creativity and innovation. Together with collaborative support and 

participation from all levels, Venture is set to continue providing exceptional value through the promulgation 

of its Lean practices and culture throughout the organisation.

Environmental Management

Venture adopts a comprehensive approach to environmental management 

beyond compliance and undertakes initiatives to promote greater environmental 

responsibility and encourage the diffusion of environmentally friendly 

technologies.



Venture started its Lean journey through the formation of the Lean Council. The Council 

drives overall continuous improvement across all sites, promotes the Lean philosophy and 

assesses and appraises Lean initiatives which bring about positive impact to Venture’s 

business.  Working closely with the Lean Council is a group of carefully selected Lean Leads 

and Site Champions appointed to continuously explore new ideas and opportunities to 

improve and streamline the Group’s processes and manufacturing competencies. To promote 

a culture of continuous improvement, Cross Functional Kaizen Weeks are organised at 

every site to encourage all employees to be part of Venture’s Lean journey. This serves as a 

platform for employees to innovate, create and transform their ideas into reality. Together, 

they develop solutions to solve dynamic operational challenges that the Group faces in 

its constantly changing and evolving business landscape. Venture believes that its Lean 

philosophy will bring various incremental benefits to the Group.









The Group makes reference to the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct in relation to 

environmental issues.  Venture also continuously maintains the ISO 14001 certification.  The certification 

process allows Venture to effectively identify, manage and monitor its environmental issues in a holistic 

manner and has provided Venture with a competitive and financial advantage through improved efficiencies 

and reduced operational cost.  The Venture sites included in the scope of the Report are ISO 14001 certified. 

In 2017, there were zero cases of significant fines or non-monetary sanctions as a result of non-compliance 

with relevant laws and regulations. The Group is conscientious in upholding its excellent record of compliance 

and maintaining its ISO 14001 certification.  Moreover, Venture embraces and employs Lean philosophy to 

drive continuous improvement in overall efficiency and performance while delivering best-in-class solutions, 

products and services.  

Material Factors

11

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED


Talent Attraction, Retention &amp; Development

Venture continuously reviews and identifies the talent and skillset requirements 

of the Group, creating a critical pool of knowledge that will drive and sustain its 

leading edge. 

TALENT ATTRACTION 

The Venture Group provides employment to more than 12,000 individuals of diverse backgrounds 

and nationalities.  To continue to offer differentiated capabilities focused at helping its customers and 

partners capture big value and to achieve its own business goals, Venture must continue to attract, 

motivate and retain talent.  To this end, Venture must continue to grow a critical mass of high quality 

talents across the management, technical and professional disciplines.  

The Group’s success is built upon its ability to continue to evolve and transform, to amass knowhow 

and develop new capabilities to respond to customer’s changing needs and market dynamics.  

To sustain a team of stellar people, Venture must nurture from within, as well as hire the best talent, 

including individuals who are far more superior in competency, knowledge and skills.  By bringing 

onboard additional high calibre talent, the Group can boldly step-up and accelerate the pace of 

transformation to achieve steady rise in business performance and favourable financial outcomes. 

The Group continually reviews and refines its employment practices, where applicable, with references to 

Venture’s Social Code of Conduct, Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), United Nations Global Compact 

(UNGC) principles, and applicable local laws.  One key recruitment principle the Group subscribes to is equal 

opportunity and this is clearly observed at every stage of the recruitment process.

Venture adopts a multi-level and multi-personnel interview methodology to ascertain a potential candidate’s 

competency, knowledge and skills for the position, as well as the functional, cultural and motivational fit of 

the candidate.  Assessments are conducted to gain in-depth appreciation of potential candidates’ personality, 

drive and innate abilities.  Candidates with the relevant and superior skillset who also display attributes 

aligned to the Group’s core values would make the best fit.

Venture will continue to review the Group’s recruitment strategy annually, conscientiously refining and 

augmenting its employment brand.  It will also extend its recruitment reach across Venture’s strategic 

geographical clusters of excellence in South-East Asia, USA and China.

12

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Material Factors


Aligned with its culture to promote creativity and innovation, Venture provides its employees the opportunity 

to contribute positively to a wide range of projects and corporate initiatives within the Group including 

cross entity and cross-border job postings. These projects and postings enable employees to augment their 

technical competencies and specialised areas of expertise, as well as exposure to the entire value chain of 

activities within the Group and different group of customers and products.  Venture actively monitors and 

tracks employees’ years of service and career progression, ensuring its people are given the right platform to 

grow and excel both on a professional and personal level. 

TALENT RETENTION &amp; CAREER DEVELOPMENT

While the Group links rewards to performance and potential, Venture also believes in cultivating a 

strong “One Venture” culture to ensure its people continue to be inspired by a shared mission and 

be empowered by the same core values that have shaped and guided the Group since its inception. 

To ensure the Group remain bonded by a shared value system of timeless principles, the Group 

launched the “Venture Core Values Workshop” in 2016.  Since then, more than 90% of Venture’s 

managerial staff have attended the programme.  The main objective of the workshop is to engage the 

leaders of the Group, helping them to develop a deeper and clearer appreciation of the Group’s core 

values.  As leaders, they will serve as role models and influencers, resulting in the promulgation of the 

“One Venture” culture.  Venture plans to extend the “One Venture Core Values Workshop” across the 

Group with participation from all remaining managers, as well as exempt category personnel in 2018.



Venture encourages every employee to realise their full potential. It is critical to the Group’s 

business to equip and develop its employees with advanced skills and abilities to meet 

the stringent requirements of its business and better serve its customers.  To nurture a 

sustainable pool of in-house talents and leaders, Venture’s Innovation Centre developed 

two internal training programmes, Venture Certified Manufacturing Engineer (VCME) and 

Venture Certified Materials Executive (VCMEx). These two programmes aim to impart 

uniquely Venture lessons on manufacturing, engineering and materials management 

to grow participants overall competency.  The Group has observed multiple 

positive outcomes, including better employee engagement and retention, 

augmentation of core competencies and enhanced overall performance 

across business functions. 









The Group is reviewing ways to facilitate and encourage regular feedback between managers 

and their teams, including individual members of their team, to enable timely and effective 

performance coaching. The Group is in the process of starting a pilot-run of an internally 

conceived “Learning Management System” to encourage continuous self-learning and 

development.

13

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Material Factors


Occupational Health &amp; Safety (OHS)

Venture believes that a healthy and safe work environment can have a positive 

impact on job performance and employee satisfaction, factors that have a direct 

correlation towards achieving organisational goals and objectives. 

Venture’s OHS-related policies set out clear 

guidelines and procedures to create a healthy and 

safe working environment.  At the Group level, 

policies such as the Health and Safety Policy, the 

Social Code of Conduct, Employee Handbook and 

Employee Code of Conduct cover health and safety 

related rules and good practices with the over-riding 

objective of keeping Venture’s personnel safe and 

out of harm’s way.  The Group also has specific 

and relevant policies in place at different sites and 

work areas to safeguard its people.  These policies 

include clean-up of chemical spillage, solder dross 

management, risk assessment, first aid requirement, 

fire safety, hygiene and sanitation, and emergency 

preparedness. All Venture sites must conform to 

Groupwide policies and practices which are aligned 

to internationally recognised standards and codes 

such as OHSAS 18001, as well as comply with local 

legislation relating to health and safety.

The Group institutes preventive measures to 

upkeep its equipment and proactively conduct 

trainings to enhance employees’ preparedness 

during emergencies.  Fire drills and safety trainings 

are conducted at all facilities on a regular basis 

throughout the year to ensure employees familiarise 

themselves with the relevant emergency procedures. 

Production equipment and machinery are evaluated 

for safety hazards and proper training and 

maintenance are conducted regularly to minimise 

any risk of injuries. Employees who are exposed to 

potential health hazards are also provided access to 

health tests and screening.

The 

Group’s 

ongoing 

commitment 

to 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety (OHS) is 

demonstrated through the integration of OHS 

policies into its daily business operations.  It 

takes a holistic approach in the promotion 

of a health and safety culture at Venture 

through the involvement of employees across 

all levels within the organisation, as well as its 

business partners, suppliers/contractors and 

other stakeholders. 

The Group also makes available relevant training and 

education to its employees based on their respective 

roles and responsibilities.  New employees who are 

required to handle heavy machinery and equipment 

are briefed on all the relevant safety guidelines and 

procedures and they are required to attend regular 

training session throughout the year. For existing 

employees, Health and Safety Awareness Training 

Programmes and Safety Trainings are conducted on 

a yearly basis. In FY 2017, more than 90% of the 

Group’s employees have attended all the mandatory 

OHS training being assigned to them based on their 

roles. The Group also ensures its contractors on site 

receive relevant briefings on OHS compliance. The 

Group will continue to ensure its safety officers 

attend the required OHS training to maintain their 

certifications in 2018 while all employees will attend 

the mandatory OHS training as assigned according 

to their job roles.

The Group has a robust audit and management 

review process. Regular management reviews are 

conducted to improve existing safety standards 

and practices, enhance compliance to applicable 

codes, regulations and laws in the countries in 

which Venture operates. Safety audits are also 

conducted on a monthly basis at all sites, the scope 

of inspection covers areas such as machinery and 

equipment safety, electrical safety, usage of personal 

protection equipment, fire safety, emergency exit 

routes and exit lights and general housekeeping in 

offices and production areas. There were zero cases 

of significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with relevant health and safety laws 

and regulations in 2017.  The Group endeavours to 

maintain similar performance in 2018. 

Venture places significant amount of importance 

on incident reporting. Any injury, regardless of 

the severity must be reported to the manager or 

supervisor immediately. The manager or supervisor 

will assess the seriousness of the accident and offer 

guidance to resolve the situation. All reportable 

incidents need to be filed with the relevant 

authorities governing the jurisdiction that Venture 

operates in. 

14

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Material Factors


Protection of Confidential Information 

Venture makes collective efforts across the Group to safeguard confidential 

information in order to build and maintain trusted and long-term relationships 

with its stakeholders.

Across the Group, all manufacturing sites and 

business units are guided by policies and standard 

operating procedures ("SOPs") which prescribe 

measures to securely receive, handle and store 

confidential information. Examples of such policies 

and SOPs include without limitation, the information 

integrity and protection of intellectual property 

sections of the Group’s Social Code of Conduct, 

SOPs prescribing the use of secured storage facilities 

to store confidential information, security checks 

and protocol at the Group’s premises and document 

retention policies. Venture’s internal audit team 

also conducts periodic audits to ensure that the 

manufacturing sites and business units across the 

Group are in compliance with the policies and SOPs.

A key step to safeguarding confidential information 

is the ability to distinguish data deemed to be 

confidential. In this regard, employee awareness 

and sensitivity to the existence of confidential 

information is imbued through regular dissemination 

of memorandums and notices to all staff, highlighting 

The Group’s commitment to confidentiality is 

underpinned by principles of professionalism, 

code of ethics, standards of practice and its 

corporate appreciation and commitment to 

privacy and confidentiality.  As a trusted 

technology solution and services provider 

to its partners and customers, Venture 

endeavours to build and maintain trust 

and uphold its long-term partnerships and 

collaborations with its customers. 

the types of confidential information that exists 

within the Group and practical do’s and don’ts in 

relation to confidential information. At the point 

of appointment, it is made known to all employees 

that they are bound by a legal duty of confidentiality 

to protect information they may come into contact 

with during the course of their work.  

The Group’s IT team regularly reviews and make 

improvements to its cyber security infrastructure 

and systems to safeguard against leakage of any 

confidential information. To protect against cyber 

security threats and attacks, the Group adopts a 

multi-layered cybersecurity defence approach. These 

include physical security, network security, endpoint 

security and application security. Perpetrators 

will have to penetrate through multiple layers to 

gain entry into the Group’s computing servers. 

Furthermore, the Group’s multi-layered security is 

designed to deter and/or slow down any perpetrators 

to allow early detection. Finally, the Group  

ring-fences its confidential information through 

constant monitoring and surveillance.

Venture will continually improve its existing  

processes to safeguard confidential information 

through periodic reviews of SOPs, and introduction 

of staff training to improve awareness about the 

importance of safeguarding confidential information. 

The Group intends to remind and sensitise its 

employees to their confidentiality obligations by 

obtaining an annual written acknowledgement 

and agreement from all Venture exempt category 

employees that they will comply with their 

confidentiality obligations.

15

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Material Factors


Compliance with Other Laws &amp; Regulations 

Venture believes that its drive towards strong corporate governance and ethical 

corporate conduct will translate to sound business decisions, underpinning its 

operational and financial performance and delivering value to all stakeholders.

The Group is committed to conducting its business in 

strict compliance with all applicable laws, rules and 

regulations.  All officers, directors and employees of 

the Group are expected to conduct their activities in 

accordance with this principle at all times.

Venture firmly believes that a strong corporate 

culture of compliance will translate into sound 

business decisions, which will underpin sustained 

operational 

and 

financial 

performance, 

and 

ultimately deliver value to all stakeholders. 

The Group’s businesses and operations are complex 

and a myriad of laws and regulations apply.  Officers 

and employees of the Group are expected to be 

familiar with the legal and regulatory requirements 







EXPORT CONTROL LAWS

Venture’s Group wide export control 

compliance programme (“ECCP”), which 

applies to all Venture employees, sets 

out a framework of operational controls 

and protocol that requires the Group’s internal 

and external transactions to be conducted in 

compliance with applicable export control laws 

and regulations, including without limitation, the 

U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the 

International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the 

Singapore Strategic Goods (Control) Act and the 

Malaysia Strategic Trade Act. 

Any Venture employee who has knowledge of facts 

or incidents which he or she believes may violate 

applicable export control relations, whether 

intentional or accidental, is required to report the 

matter promptly to the Group Export Compliance 

Officer. 

Further, new employees will receive export control 

training including a detailed run-through of the 

Group’s ECCP, and will be given the opportunity to 

raise questions and clarify any uncertainties that 

they may have. The Group reviews practices at 

high risk operational units for compliance with its 

ECCP on an annual basis.

ANTI-BRIBERY &amp; CORRUPTION

Venture maintains a global Anti-bribery  

and Corruption (“ABC”) policy that is 

intended to prevent, detect and remediate 

potential violations. Some of the core 

elements of the Group’s ABC policy comprise 

Whistle-Blowing Policy, Code of Business Conduct 

for Suppliers, internal policies on Gifts Declaration, 

as well as Employee Annual Self-Declaration on 

Conflicts of Interest.

CONFLICT FREE MINERALS

Venture sources its raw materials from 

various suppliers across the globe. 

Recognising the importance of being 

a steward of good corporate practices, 

the Group is committed to source materials 

from companies whose values are aligned with 

Venture’s. The Group works closely with its 

suppliers and ensures that its supply chain is in 

compliance with globally recognised standards. 

Venture has instituted a Conflict Minerals Policy 

that is in line with RBA and Global e-Sustainable 

Initiative 

(GeSI) 

which 

outlines 

Venture’s 

commitments in undertaking due diligence checks 

on its supply chain to ensure that raw materials 

are not sourced from conflict regions. For more 

information on Venture’s Conflict Minerals Policy, 

please visit Venture’s corporate website.







applicable to their business responsibilities and to 

fulfil their duties in accordance with these laws and 

regulations.

In 2017, there were zero confirmed incidents of  

non-compliance with 

the 

relevant 

laws 

and 

regulations that resulted in either public allegations 

of non-compliance or significant fines being levied 

on the Group. The Group strives to maintain this 

compliance status in the forthcoming year. 

In this Report, the Group highlights three key areas 

that have received heightened attention recently– 

export control laws, conflict free minerals and  

anti-bribery and corruption. 

16

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

Material Factors


Sustainability is core and will continue to be a key component 

of the Group’s overarching strategy whereby business goals are 

combined with social and environmental responsibility.  As a 

responsible global corporate citizen, Venture strives to create a 

better future through caring for its stakeholders, environment 

and community.  It will continue to take a proactive approach 

in creating and capturing impactful value to benefit all 

stakeholders. 

The Group will continue to consider sustainability issues as part 

of its strategic formulation and deliberation.  It endeavours to 

promote sustainable solutions and maximise the net positive 

impact of its activities and the ways in which it delivers its 

technology solutions, products and services.

VENTURE BELIEVES THAT SUSTAINABILITY IS A JOURNEY AND THE GROUP 

IS CONSTANTLY EVOLVING ALONGSIDE THE CHANGING BUSINESS AND 

INDUSTRY LANDSCAPE.  IN THIS REGARD, SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AREAS 

MAY CHANGE AND NEW SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES MAY EMERGE, 

HOWEVER THE GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH REMAINS.



17

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

Sustainability at the Core


GRI STANDARDS (2016)

NOTES/PAGE NUMBER(S) 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Venture Corporation Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report 2017 – pages 127-131

102-3

Location of headquarter

Back cover

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2017 – pages 26-27

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2017 – pages 133-134

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2017 – pages 127-131

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Sustainability Report – pages 4 &amp; 12

Annual Report 2017 – pages 15, 24-25, 62 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Confidentiality constraints

102-9

Supply chain

Sustainability Report – page 16

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its 

supply chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Not applicable

102-12

External initiatives

Not applicable

102-13

Membership of associations

Venture has memberships of association 

with relevant organisations.

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Sustainability Report – page 4

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Sustainability Report – pages 4-5

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Report – page 9

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report – pages 6-8

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

In line with Venture’s Code of Conduct, all 

Venture employees are free to join or not 

join recognised labour unions or other bona 

fide representatives within the framework 

of the Company procedures, applicable 

local laws and regulations and prevailing 

industrial relations and practices. 

18

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

GRI Content Index


GRI STANDARDS (2016)

NOTES/PAGE NUMBER(S) 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

The key stakeholder groups identified 

either have a significant impact on or 

are significantly impacted by Venture’s 

sustainability performance, page 6

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability Report – page 8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report – pages 2, 3 &amp; 10

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report 2017 – pages 102-107

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

Sustainability Report – inside front cover

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report – pages 2-3

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 January – 31 December 2017

102-51

Date of most recent report

Not applicable

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Sustainability Report – inside front cover

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI 

Standards

Sustainability Report – page 4

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report – pages 18-20

102-56

External assurance

Venture has not sought external assurance 

for this reporting period and may consider it 

in the future. 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Sustainability Report – pages 11-16

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

19

VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED

GRI Content Index


GRI STANDARDS (2016)

NOTES/PAGE NUMBER(S) 

MATERIAL TOPICS

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Sustainability Report – page 11

Training and Education

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Sustainability Report – pages 12-13

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

N/A

 »

Incidents of non-compliance with the 

relevant laws and regulations relating to 

occupational health and safety

 »

Percentage of employees that attended 

all the mandatory OHS training being 

assigned to them based on their roles

Sustainability Report – page 14

Protection of Confidential Information 

N/A

Non-compliance with existing process and 

processes relating to the protection of 

confidential information

Sustainability Report – page 15

Socio-economic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report – page 16

20

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

GRI Content Index


This page has been intentionally left blank.


