


Vibrant Group Limited



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

2020






BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present its third Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of Vibrant Group Limited (the “Group”, 

“Vibrant Group” or “we”) for the financial year ended 30 April 2020 (“FY2020”). This Report provides an overview of the Group’s commitment 

and approach towards sustainability through its operations and business practices in the industry.

The Report presents our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives, plans and performances in a transparent manner 

and demonstrates our ongoing commitment to sustainable development. The Board believes this Report serves as a good platform to 

communicate with its stakeholders on the Group’s sustainability performance. 

As one of the well-established logistics group in Singapore, the Board believes sustainability is the key for the Group to achieve continuous 

success. Being the Group’s long-term strategic approach, the Board is responsible for overseeing the performance of the Group by 

incorporating the concept of sustainability into its business operations. The Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”), formed by the Group’s 

senior management, works closely with the Board to establish the Group’s sustainability objectives, strategy and performance. The Board 

plays a significant role in identifying sustainability factors that are material to the Group’s business, and the feedback from stakeholders 

also help in the process of sustainability reporting. The sustainability factors are being managed and monitored through the cooperation 

between the Board and the management. 

As an integrated service provider in logistics, real estate and financial services, the Group strives to establish the best sustainable practice 

within the industry while achieving a commercially successful business. To increase its competitiveness, the Group realises the importance 

of improving its sustainability performance by integrating sustainability approach in its operation. We aim to enhance our sustainability 

management and performance and make contributions to the environment, our employees, our business and the local communities. 

The Board would like to take this opportunity to express its gratitude to our employees, customers and business partners for their continuous 

support over the past years. Looking forward, the Group will continue to expand our businesses and achieve sustainable corporate 

development by implementing sustainable practices. 

Vibrant Group’s Board of Directors

 

 

Board Statement

01 

About Vibrant Group

01 

Our Sustainability Efforts

02 

About the Sustainability Report

02 

Contact Us

03 

Stakeholder Engagement

04 

Materiality Assessment

05 

Sustainability Targets Performance

06 

Governance

07 

Economic

07 

Environmental

10 

Social

15 

SGX Content Index

15 

GRI Content Index

CONTENTS

Vibrant Group Limited






ABOUT VIBRANT GROUP

Vibrant Group Limited (formerly known as Freight Links Express Holdings Limited) was incorporated in 1986 and listed on the SGX-ST in 1995 

on what was then known as SGX-SESDAQ. The listing was transferred to the SGX Main Board in 1997. The Group is a leading logistics service 

provider offering comprehensive range of integrated logistics solutions. The Group’s cores business activities also include financial services 

business and real estate business. 

With the vision to be a world-class integrated service provider in logistics, real estate and financial services, the Group operates with the 

mission to harness the synergistic effects of our capabilities in logistics, real estate and financial services, provide reliable and innovative 

services and deliver credible and sustainable business growth to our clients.

OUR SUSTAINABILITY EFFORTS

As a business that strives toward growth and development, we remain vigilant for emerging trends and developments that may present 

business opportunities. The changing business environment may offer opportunities for us to improve our sustainability performance, or 

sustainability opportunities may provide opportunities to improve our business performance. Our sustainability approach recognises the 

need to enhance our sustainability performance in order to increase our competitiveness. We are aware of the increasing importance of ESG 

factors among our stakeholders and the business landscape, and we aim to align our sustainability initiatives with our business strategy.

SUSTAINABILITY STEERING COMMITTEE

Sustainability at the Group is spearheaded by the SSC, which was formed by the Group’s senior management, including the Chief Executive 

Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Board works closely with SSC, whose role is to develop sustainability objectives and strategy, manage 

and monitor overall sustainability performance, and report to the Board. 

Achieving a high level of corporate governance is important to the Group. Hence, we have set in place a sustainability framework that will be 

reviewed by the SSC every year.

The SSC is supported by the Sustainability Task Force (“STF”), which is responsible for driving the sustainability programme across the 

organisation. The STF comprises members of the senior management teams from different business units across the Group.

Sustainability Report 2020

01


ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This Report presents Vibrant Group’s sustainability performance for the period between 1 May 2019 and 30 April 2020. Unless specified 

otherwise, the scope of the Report covers the Group’s most material business at our head office in Singapore, our freight and logistics 

business. Activities included are international freight forwarding, warehousing property and logistics as well as chemical storage and logistics 

operations. This Report also presents and summarises the Group’s policies, practice and performance relating to the ESG aspects. The Group 

will strengthen its sustainability works in the future, and continue to expand its scope of disclosure subject to the materiality assessment 

and necessity.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide issued by the SGX-ST and with 

reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the latest sets of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards 

Board. The GRI Standards sets out generic sustainability factors, general principles and indicators for the Group to report on sustainability 

policies, practices, performance and targets that is in line with the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and 

social topics.

In specific, the Report references to the following topic-specific disclosures:

GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 

GRI 401: Employment 2016

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

GRI 302: Energy 2016  

 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

GRI 303: Water 2016  

 

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

GRI 305: Emissions 2016  

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

CONTACT US

We value and welcome feedback to continuously improve our sustainability reporting and practices. If you wish to provide comments or 

feedback, please send your comments, suggestions, or feedback to corporate@vibrant.com.sg.

 

Vibrant Group Limited

02


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and sustainability aspects. In order to understand and address 

their key concerns, we have been maintaining close communication with our stakeholders that have direct and significant impacts on 

our business, and also those who will be affected by our operations. We will continue to increase our involvement with stakeholders via 

constructive conversation with a view to charting a course for long term prosperity. 

In formulating operational strategies and sustainability measures, the Group takes into account the stakeholders’ expectations and strives to 

improve its performance through mutual cooperation with the stakeholders, resulting in creating greater value for them. The following table 

summarises our key stakeholders and their concerns of discussions, together with their corresponding engagement methods and frequency.

Stakeholders

Concerns of Discussions

Methods of Engagement

Frequency

Investors and 

Shareholders

• Sustain profitability and enhance  

shareholder return

• Transparent reporting

• Sound corporate governance practices

• Long-term growth of business

Timely updates of financial results and 

announcements, business developments,  

press releases, and other relevant disclosures  

via SGXNet and website

Throughout 

the year

Annual General Meeting

Annually

Customers

• Expanding connectivity and maximising  

cost efficiency

• Responsiveness to customer requests  

and feedback

Regular formal or informal meetings and 

feedback sessions to exchange ideas and  

update on important initiatives and matters

Throughout 

the year

Channels of communication for freight and 

logistics services provided

Employees

• Equitable remuneration

• Fair and competitive employment practices 

and policies

• Safe and healthy work environment

• Focus on employee development and 

wellbeing

Induction programme for new employees

Throughout 

the year

Training and development programmes

Recreational and wellness activities

Career development performance appraisals

Annually

Business 

Partners  

(Third Party 

Service 

Providers)

• Equitable treatment of business partners

• Regular and punctual payments upon 

enlistment of service

Regular dialogue sessions with service providers

Throughout 

the year

Established channels of communication

Government 

and Regulators

• Compliance with, and keep abreast of, 

ever-changing laws and regulations

Meetings and dialogue sessions

Throughout 

the year

Trade 

Associations

Membership in industry associations such as  

the Singapore Logistics Association,  

the Singapore Business Federation,  

the Singapore Aircargo Agents Association,  

the International Air Transport Association, etc.

Sustainability Report 2020

03


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

A materiality assessment in the form of survey was conducted in FY2020, where we identified material sustainability matters to our 

business operations. Employees of various positions from different business units across the Group were involved in completing the 

materiality survey. During the materiality assessment, we took into consideration the following factors:

• Global and local emerging sustainability trends;

• Material topics identified by industry peers;

• Industrial best practices; and

• Sustainability reporting frameworks.

The Group has considered feedback from relevant stakeholders in determining the Group’s material sustainability aspects to be covered in 

this Report. The Group’s materiality matrix for FY2020 is presented as follows:

Category

Material Topics

Governance

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Economic

Economic Performance

Environment

Emissions

Waste Management

Energy

Water Management

Social

Employment

Health and Safety

Customer Privacy

The Group will further disclose its performance of the above material topics in this Report, and we consider the results as important 

reference points for the planning of sustainability management in the following financial years.

The Group confirmed that appropriate and effective management policies and internal control policies for the ESG issues are in place. 

THE GROUP’S MATERIALITY MATRIX FOR FY2020

Level of influence on stakeholder’s  

assessments and decisions

Economic Performance

Compliance with  

Laws and Regulations

Health and Safety

Employment

Customer Privacy

Energy

Waste Management

Water Management

Emissions

Level of significance of economic, environmental and social impacts

Vibrant Group Limited

04


SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS PERFORMANCE

To better manage the Group’s material topics and its performance on those aspects, the Group has set quantifiable targets in FY2019 for 

FY2020 covering aspects such as anti-corruption, emissions control, waste management, and employment, etc. 

The table below summarises the Group’s progress and achievement towards the sustainability targets set for FY2020. In FY2020, we will 

continue to work for the targets set for the following year. 

Target for FY2020

Result

Target for FY2021

Governance

Anti-corruption

No incidents of corruption

• No confirmed incidents of corruption / public  

legal cases regarding corruption brought against  

the Group

• No termination of contracts with business partners 

due to violations related to corruption

Economic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant  

anti-corruption laws and regulations that would have  

a material impact to the Group

• No incidents of non-compliance with relevant  

anti-corruption laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

Environmental

GHG Emissions

Maintain or reduce GHG’s intensities below  

FY2019’s level

• Maintain or reduce both Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 

emission intensities level below FY2020’s level

Waste Management

Maintain zero spills

• Maintain zero spills

Energy

Maintain or reduce electricity and diesel intensities 

below FY2019’s level

• Maintain or reduce electricity and diesel intensities 

below FY2020’s level

Water Management

Formulate relevant procedures to improve  

water management

• Formulate relevant procedures to improve water 

management

• Maintain or reduce water consumption intensity 

below FY2020’s level

Environmental Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

environmental laws and regulations that would have  

a material impact to the Group

• No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

environmental laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

Social

Employment

Maintain an employee turnover rate of 25% or below

• Maintain an employee turnover rate of 25%  

or below

Health and Safety

• Maintain or reduce lost time injury rate of 0.16

• Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance resulting 

in regulatory breaches related to relevant health 

and safety legislation

• Maintain or reduce lost time injury rate of 0.16

• Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance resulting 

in regulatory breaches related to relevant health 

and safety legislation

Customer Privacy

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated complaints 

of customer privacy and losses of data

• Maintain zero breaches and substantiated 

complaints of customer privacy and losses of data

Socio-economic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

socio-economic laws and regulations that would have 

a material impact to the Group

• No incidents of non-compliance with relevant 

socio-economic laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

Key:

 Met target

 Working towards target

Sustainability Report 2020

05


GOVERNANCE 

Vibrant Group strives to uphold good corporate governance practices to maintain trust from its stakeholders. The Group has developed a 

sound system of risk management and internal control to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, operational controls 

are adequate, business risks are suitably protected. The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) overseas and ensures that 

such system has been appropriately implemented and monitored. 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

We recognise the importance of maintaining high standards of business integrity and complying with applicable laws and regulations, 

including relevant environmental laws and regulations. Thus, we have implemented measures to ensure that our employees comply with 

the Group’s policy and procedures. We have also put stringent monitoring and enforcement mechanisms in place to manage our economic, 

social and environmental performance. We provide related training to our employees to equip them with knowledge on compliance with 

laws and regulations to aspects including but not limited to anti-corruption, environmental emissions, employment, etc. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION

As a corporation that upholds business integrity, we have zero tolerance towards any forms of bribery and any forms of corruption.  

The Group has established related anti-corruption policies, which are specified in the Code of Conduct and Corporate Policy on Exchange of 

Gifts, all employees are required to adhere to the policies strictly. The policies specify requirements in record keeping and documentation.

In addition, a Whistle-blowing Policy has been put in place for employees to report their concerns about suspected fraud, corruption, 

dishonest practices, misconducts, or other similar matters. Employees are encouraged to report any suspicious practices or inappropriate 

activities and bring them immediately to the attention of the chairman or any member of the Audit Committee and/or the Board. Appropriate 

action will be taken if an employee is found guilty of fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct in relation to his/her employment. It is also the 

Group’s policy to protect the identity of the whistleblower. The Group views any harassment or retaliation in any forms or manners against 

the whistleblower seriously, and has zero tolerance against victimisation of the whistleblower. Any acts of reprisal or victimisation of the 

whistleblower by members of the Group or management will result in disciplinary actions, including termination of employment. 

During FY2020, there were neither any confirmed incidents of corruption or public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the 

Group, nor any termination of contracts with business partners due to violations related to corruption. Moreover, the Group did not identify 

any material non-compliance with relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations. We aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming year. 

More details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the “Corporate Governance Report” (pages 21 to 33) of the 

Group’s annual report 2020. 

Vibrant Group Limited

06


ECONOMIC

Vibrant Group sees economic performance as a material factor as we believe our business economic viability is important to our stakeholders. 

We aim to attain sustainable economic growth to provide desirable returns to our shareholders annually.

To keep the Group abreast with the latest industrial information, the Group holds a membership in industry associations such as the 

Singapore Logistics Association, the Singapore Business Federation, the Singapore Aircargo Agents Association, the International Air 

Transport Association, etc.

Our financial performance for FY2020 can be found in the Group’s Financial Highlights (pages 08 to 09) and Financial Statements section 

(pages 34 to 140) of the annual report 2020. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL

There is an increasing awareness to environmental issues such as climate change. As a global integrated logistics provider, Vibrant Group 

recognises the impacts of its business on the environment, especially the use of fossil fuels in vehicles and other resources consumed in 

our operation. The Group believes that environmentally friendly practices complement business efficiency and advocates corporate social 

responsibility towards the environment by incorporating these processes in its daily operations. As a socially responsible corporation, 

the Group strictly complies with related environmental regulations and all employees share responsibilities in monitoring the Group’s 

environmental performances. Employees are encouraged to report any suspected violation to the Group, and the management will look 

into the reported issues in a serious manner. In FY2020, the Group achieved the target of maintaining zero incidents of non-compliance with 

relevant environmental laws and regulations that would have a material impact to the Group. We aim to maintain the record of zero incidents 

for non-compliance for the forthcoming year. 

EMISSIONS

Realising the business nature of the Group is closely related with emissions, we strive to minimise our environmental impacts in our 

operations. We aim at reducing our emissions by introducing various practices and initiatives, while increasing our efficiency and lowering 

costs. We have implemented related environmental policies and initiatives, including but not limited to those listed below, to reduce the 

Group’s emissions:

• Conduct regular checks on our vehicles to ensure that they comply with environmental regulations as well as monitor our diesel 

consumption; 

• Educate employees to turn off engines for idling vehicles; and

• Actively adopt other emission reduction measures which are described in the “Energy” section.

To echo with the global efforts in reducing Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions that lead to climate change, Vibrant Group has adopted 

a series of measures and initiatives to reduce GHG emissions. Such measures and initiatives range from vehicle inspection to electricity 

conservation. Please refer to the section “Energy” for more details regarding energy conservation initiatives.

The Group’s major sources of GHG emissions were originated from fuel consumed by vehicles (Scope 1) and purchased electricity (Scope 2).  

In FY2020, we have partially achieved the target of maintaining or reducing our GHG intensities below FY2019’s level, for which there was an 

increase in GHG intensity from diesel consumption, while there was a decrease in GHG intensity from electricity consumption. We aim to 

maintain and reduce both Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG intensities for the forthcoming year.

Sustainability Report 2020

07


In FY2020, the Group’s total GHG emissions has increased by about 4% compared to FY2019. In particular, the GHG emissions intensity 

of diesel consumption (Scope 1) had increased by about 6% from FY2019’s level to approximately 0.0017 tCO2e per kilometers travelled 

in FY2020; while the GHG emissions intensity from electricity consumption (Scope 2) has decreased by about 3% from FY2019’s level1 to 

approximately 0.0091 tCO2e per square meter in FY2020. The following graphs show the GHG performances of Vibrant Group in FY2020  

and FY2019.

WASTE MANAGEMENT

The Group is committed to handling and disposing all wastes generated by our business activities in a proper manner, and strives to minimise 

the environmental impact during the waste management process. 

The general wastes are centrally collected and disposed, and we assign designated staff to check the waste collection area regularly to 

ensure the tidiness of the surroundings. We also encourage employees to conduct waste separation at source and develop the habit of waste 

recycling as a daily practice by placing recycling bins in accessible areas.

In regard to hazardous wastes, the Group has established the Chemical Safety Policy to govern the use, storage of chemicals, and the disposal 

of such wastes. Chemical wastes must be disposed in accordance with prevailing regulatory requirements and accumulation of wastes must 

be avoided. All hazardous wastes are required to be labelled clearly according to national and international codes. We engaged licensed third 

party in handling hazardous wastes. Regular training are also conducted to ensure the competency of our staff in handling hazardous wastes 

and the latest legal requirements concerning regulated substances. 

In addition to the above measures, the Chemical Safety Policy has also stated the best practices for the use, storage, and disposal of chemicals 

in the workplace. Each warehouse is subjected to regular inspections, via an inspection or audit programme by the safety committee and if 

necessary, by the Office of Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”). Emergency action plans concerning any accidental release of hazardous 

wastes, and responding to chemical incidents such as fires, spills, and explosions are also required to be established. All incidents shall 

be reported to the safety committee and HSE and subsequently be investigated by higher management to minimise the recurrence. We 

also conducted regular drills and training for employees to educate them the appropriate mitigation measures to be taken in case of any 

accidental spillage.

We aim to support these initiatives by systematically recording environmental incidents such as spills as well as maintaining appropriate 

approvals for the handling of hazardous chemicals. We had achieved the target set in FY2019, for which there were zero spills recorded in 

FY2020. We aim to continue achieving this target in the forthcoming year.

GHG Emissions from Diesel and 

Electricity Consumption  

(tCO2e)

■	Scope 1 – Diesel Consumption

■ Scope 2 - Electricity Use

 Total

GHG Emissions Intensity  

of Diesel Consumption

(tCO2e/km)

GHG Emissions Intensity  

of Electricity Use  

(tCO2e/m2)

1 

FY2019 electricity data was restated to include the gross floor area of two locations.

5561

53461

FY2020

FY2019

2486

3075

25591

2787

FY2020

FY2019

0.0017

0.0016

FY2020

FY2019

0.0091

0.00941

Vibrant Group Limited

08


FY2020

FY2019

ENERGY

The Group is committed to reducing energy consumption and ensuring energy efficiency in our business activities. Related energy 

management plan and measures have been developed as one of the Group’s fundamental policies so as to strive for energy conservation and 

efficiency. The Group has developed energy objectives and targets to continuously enhance the Group’s energy consumption performance 

and hence reduce our GHG emissions in an effective manner. The usage of electricity, fuel and other materials is regularly monitored. 

Unexpected high consumption of such resources will be investigated to find out the root cause and corresponding preventative measures 

will be taken when deemed necessary.

Given our business nature, the energy consumption is mainly the consumption of fuels for vehicles and purchased electricity for our 

operation. The Group has introduced various measures and initiatives to achieve the goal of electricity saving and efficient consumption. 

Such measures and initiatives include but are not limited to the following:

• Explore energy efficient technologies to implement in operations;

• Use of technology to track and control direct energy usage for example, use of diesel in vehicle fleet;

• Achieve transparency by enhancing data quality; and

• Promote effective environmental management among suppliers and external contractors.

The Group is committed to strictly executing the measurement and tracking the effectiveness of the above policies and initiatives. During 

FY2020, we have partially achieved FY2019’s target of reducing our electricity intensity for about 3% below FY2019’s level, yet diesel intensity 

has increased by about 7% above FY2019’s level. Our target for FY2021 will be to maintain or reduce our electricity and diesel intensities 

below FY2020’s level. The following graphs show the electricity and diesel performances of Vibrant Group in FY2020 and FY2019.

Electricity Consumption and Intensity

MWh

MWh/m2

0

1,000

2,000

3,000

4,000

5,000

6,000

7,000

0.0212

0.0214

0.0216

0.0218

0.0220

0.0222

0.0224

0.0226

Diesel Consumption and Intensity

liters

liters/km

0

200,000

400,000

600,000

800,000

1,000,000

1,200,000

0.5700

0.5800

0.5900

0.6000

0.6100

0.6200

0.6300

0.6400

0.6305

1,143,776

0.5911

1,036,627

WATER MANAGEMENT

The water consumed by the Group was mainly domestic water in office areas and warehouses. The Group has adopted a wide range of 

water conservation measures to reduce water consumption. Apart from encouraging all employees and customers to develop the habit 

of conserving water consciously, the Group has also been strengthening our water-saving promotion, posting water-saving slogans and 

educating employees to use water reasonably. We are working towards formulating relevant procedures to improve our water management, 

and we hope that such policy could be introduced in the near future. 

During FY2020, the Group had consumed approximately 22,488m3 water with an intensity of approximately 0.08m3 per square meter.  

The Group will continue to strive our best in maintaining the water consumption intensity for the forthcoming year. 

FY2020

FY2019

0.0217

5,935

6,1101

0.02241

Sustainability Report 2020

09


SOCIAL

Socioeconomic compliance is one of the key factors for the Group to obtain social license to operate. The management of the Group 

regularly reviews the business activities, sets up clear policies and procedures in advance to prevent potential infringement of related laws 

and regulations. Employees are also encouraged to report suspected cases of violation in any laws and regulations. In FY2020, there were 

zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant material socio-economic laws and regulations, and we aim to maintain this trend for the 

forthcoming year.

EMPLOYMENT

We recognise that human capital is the backbone in supporting the development of the Group. Our employees are involved in warehouse 

operations and management as well as the processing and distribution of shipments and goods. Their skills and expertise are vital to our 

business success. Thus, attracting and retaining talent are part of Vibrant Group’s strategy for ensuring sustainable growth for our business.

The Group adopts a people-oriented management approach and realises the full potentials of our employees. The Group has formally 

established the Employee Handbook, covering the aspects of recruitment, compensation, promotion, working hours and rest periods, 

diversity and equal opportunity, etc. The Group reviews the Employee Handbook and its employment practices on a periodic basis to ensure 

continuous improvements of the employment standards and compliance with relevant employment laws and regulations. 

Apart from the employment policies, the remuneration committee is also established to review and recommend the general framework of 

remuneration policies to the Board. The remuneration committee is also responsible for reviewing and recommending the Board the specific 

remuneration packages for key management personnel and directors. Key terms of references can be found in the Group’s annual report. 

In FY2020, there were 435 employees at Vibrant Group in respect to the Reporting scope. The following graphs show the age and gender 

diversity of employees of the Group. 

EMPLOYEE  

AGE DIVERSITY

■ &lt; 30 years old     ■ 30 – 50 years old     ■ &gt; 50 years old

■	Male     ■ Female

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

17%

16%

53%

51%

31%

32%

EMPLOYEE  

GENDER DIVERSITY

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

67%

69%

33%

31%

Vibrant Group Limited

10


FY2020

FY2019

New employee hires (annual rate)

44 (10%)

79 (16%)

Employee turnover (annual rate)

53 (12%)

67 (14%)

In FY2020, there were 44 new employees and 53 employees had left the Group. We have achieved the target of maintaining an employee 

turnover rate of 25% or below, and we aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming year. The following charts and table set out the 

employment performances in FY2020 and FY2019. 

■ &lt; 30 years old     ■ 30 – 50 years old     ■ &gt; 50 years old

■	Male     ■ Female

■ &lt; 30 years old     ■ 30 – 50 years old     ■ &gt; 50 years old

■	Male     ■ Female

NEW EMPLOYEE  

BY AGE

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

30%

51%

19%

36%

41%

23%

NEW EMPLOYEE  

BY GENDER

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

58%

42%

39%

61%

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER  

BY AGE

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

36%

55%

9%

21%

55%

24%

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER  

BY GENDER

FY2020

▼

▲	

FY2019

63%

37%

57%

43%

Sustainability Report 2020

11


Recruitment and Remuneration

The Group applies transparent recruitment processes based on merit, grades and relevant skills for the position and potential to fulfil the 

Group’s current and future needs. We have formulated related employment policies in governing the recruitment process and strictly comply 

with the employment legislations in Singapore.

Employees are the most important resources and play a critical role in the overall success of the Group. We believe high talent retention 

creates a positive work environment, and helps strengthen employees’ commitment to the organisation. Therefore, we offer competitive 

remuneration packages for our employees. Our full-time employees enjoy benefits including health care coverage; bus transport scheme; 

gift voucher for new born; insurances including but not limited to business travel insurance, work injury compensation insurance, group 

hospital and surgical insurance. Full-time employees are also entitled to different leave types, such as annual leave, parental leave, medical 

and hospitalisation leave, national service leave, etc. Retirement provision is also eligible for employees at the directorial-level. Apart from 

benefits provided to full-time employees, we also provide sufficient benefit coverage to our part-time employees. 

In addition to the above, the Group also recognises the importance of maintaining employee’s well-being, and stresses heavily on creating a 

work-life balanced lifestyle for our employees. Therefore, we regularly engage with our employees by organising different forms of activities 

and social events throughout the year.

During FY2020, 7 employees (3 females, 4 males) had taken parental leave and all of them had returned to work after the leave ended. 

There were 9 employees who returned to work after the parental leave had ended in FY2019, and they were all still employed in FY2020.  

The retention rate of employees that took parental leave was 100%. 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Vibrant Group recognises the value of a diverse and skilled workforce and endeavours to create an inclusive and collaborative workplace 

culture in which all can thrive. The Group has formulated policies including the Remuneration Policy, Staff Welfare and Benefit Policy, and 

Employment Code of Conduct which aim at achieving diversity and equal opportunity at Vibrant Group. 

We are committed to promoting a diverse workforce and maintaining a discrimination-free work environment. The Group is dedicated 

to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless of race, religion, colour, 

gender, age, sexual orientation, nationality and family status, and marital status. This covers all aspects of employment, including selection,  

job assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training.

Training and Development

At Vibrant Group, we aim to provide opportunities for employees to not only learn and grow, but also support them in developing talent and 

ability that meet their current and further job needs. Therefore, we have developed a variety of training and development programmes for 

our employees as part of our sustainability strategy. 

Our employees are encouraged to participate in a wide range of relevant learning and development programmes. During FY2020, our 

employees received an average of 4.5 hours of training per employee, and we intend to provide our employees with more opportunities 

for training in the forthcoming year. Other programmes that are targeted at employee development include skills and transition assistance 

programmes such as Bachelor in Business Studies (Marketing) and Diploma in Integrated Logistics Management. The Group also provides 

training sponsorship for our employees in order to encourage them to attend courses that are relevant to their job. 

Vibrant Group Limited

12


HEALTH AND SAFETY

At Vibrant Group, we regard health and safety as a top priority and see this as an essential part of our business. We strive to prioritise the health 

and safety of our employees, customers, third-party service providers and visitors. We realise the essentiality of maintaining a safe working 

environment at all of our facilities, therefore we have set in place different health and safety policies. Such policies include but not limited 

to Personal Protective Equipment Policy, Safety Belt Policy, Drug and Alcohol Policy. We have also enforced the Health, Safety, Security and 

Environment (“HSSE”) Policy in workplace to demonstrate our commitment to ensuring that health and safety at work is paramount to our 

business that protects the health, safety and security for our employees, property and the public from risk of harm. 

Apart from formulating policies, we also require employees to adopt a series of health and safety measures, which includes the safe use 

of vehicles and equipment, and the safe handling of hazardous chemicals to prevent injuries and loss of life. We constantly highlight the 

importance of a safe working environment to our employees by providing safety tips regularly. We also employ an all-round approach to 

health and safety, taking into consideration training, communication, safety at work sites, security operations and audits. The following 

table summarises the initiatives and practices that we have implemented with regard to the health and safety of our employees and  

other stakeholders. 

Initiatives and Measures

Details

Documentations:

Employee Handbook / 

Orientation Handbook

Social Code of Conduct:

• Safe and Healthy Work Environment

Rules and Regulations:

• Emergency evacuation rule;

• Safety standards and guidelines; and

• Smoking, dress code, etc.

Safety training

• Tailor-made courses according to job requirements and provide specific precautions and 

procedures to follow;

• Conduct safety training to assure safety equipment is properly worn and maintained; and

• Evacuation plans and drills well designed for on-the-ground workers.

Safety measures

• Conduct safety audit(s) and inspections at all facilities to identify key areas and take preventive 

measures when necessary;

• Re-examine existing health and safety policies, ensure well-implementation and continued 

relevance; and

• Ensure responsible usage of chemicals and transparency on the substances used in premises.

Employee well-being

• Employee wellness plan including regular medical check-ups, workplace inspections, advice  

and treatments.

In view of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group remains highly vigilant to the potential impact of health and safety on both its employees 

and customers. The Group has issued memorandum to its employees at the warehouse to remind them of the importance of maintaining 

personal hygiene and conducting additional sanitation procedures to the warehouse and the Group’s vehicles. For its employees and 

customers, the Group required that their temperature be taken before entering the Group’s premise, they were also required to wear a 

facial mask at all times. The Group has also imposed measures to avoid the spreading of COVID-19, such as providing alcohol-based hand 

sanitisers to everyone entering the Group’s premise. 

In FY2020, there were neither any workplace fatalities nor any incidents of workplace injuries at Vibrant Group, hence we have achieved the 

target of maintaining or reducing the lost time injury rate of 0.16 recorded in FY2019. We have also achieved the target of achieving zero 

incidents of non-compliance resulting in regulatory breaches related to relevant health and safety legislation. Our target for FY2021 will be to 

maintain or reduce the lost time injury rate of 0.16 and to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance resulting in regulatory breaches related 

to relevant health and safety legislations. 

Sustainability Report 2020

13


CUSTOMER PRIVACY

The Group has established policies and standards for preventing the loss or mishandling of customer data such as the information technology 

(“IT”) security management approach to protect business and personal data against unauthorised access. We have plans to implement the 

following privacy protection initiatives in the future:

• Introducing the Personal Data Protection Policy that governs the collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data;

• Complying with privacy and information security law and regulatory requirements; and

• Abiding by the employee code of conduct for the use of personal data.

Furthermore, we have appointed a Personal Data Protection Officer, who will be responsible for conducting regular checks of our IT system 

in order to prevent the loss of business and personal data. Reported breaches and complaints of the loss of business and personal data will 

be documented. We also plan to disseminate information on data privacy requirements to key stakeholders.

In addition to the above measures and initiatives, the Group has also organised training for employees to familiarise themselves with the 

Personal Data Protection Act and how it applies to the collection, use and disclosure of National Registration Identity Card (“NRIC”) and other 

national identification numbers. 

During FY2020, the Group has achieved the target of maintaining zero breaches and substantiated complaints of customer privacy and losses 

of data, and we aim to maintain this record for the forthcoming year.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Vibrant Group has long been committed to acting for the betterment of the community and has always been sensitive to the needs of the 

underprivileged. Each year, the Group carefully selects our voluntary service or donation partners that align with the Group’s vision and 

ensures that the Group’s resources can be effectively allocated to people in dire need of assistance. The Group hopes the funds gathered can 

bring about positive impact to those in need. The Group contributes to the welfare of the society through donations and volunteering works. 

During FY2020, the Group has donated to the Tan Kah Kee Foundation and the People’s Association (South West Community Development 

Council). The donations will be used to foster the spirit in entrepreneurship and dedication to education and fund meaningful community 

projects that promote communal bonding and strengthening social cohesion respectively.

To further the Group’s participation in community events and provide employees with opportunities to initiate, lead and serve the society, 

employees volunteered their time at Ang Mo Kio-Thye Hua Kwan Hospital which primarily focuses on providing rehabilitative care to 

patients. Our employees sang with the patients and assisted patients with completing art-related programmes, namely, Perler beads making, 

colouring and calligraphy. We ended the day by distributing goody bags to the patients. Those goody bags, hand wrapped by our employees, 

contained daily necessities such as towels, toothpaste, toothbrush and wet wipes. The session not only brought patients joy and temporary 

relief from their illnesses but also provided profound reflections to our employees to the old adage that “giving is better than receiving”. 

The Group shall continue to uphold its commitment in community participation and will continue to seek for more opportunities to give 

back to the society.

Vibrant Group Limited

14


SGX CONTENT INDEX

Primary Component

Section Reference

Material Topics

Materiality Assessment

Policies, Practices and 

Performance

Governance

Economic

Environmental

Social

Board Statement

Board Statement

Targets

Sustainability targets performance

Framework

About the Sustainability Report – Reporting Framework

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organization

Vibrant Group Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Profile, P. 01

Annual Report 2020 – Our Business Lines, P. 02

Sustainability Report 2020 – About Vibrant Group, P. 01

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Profile, P. 01

Sustainability Report 2020 – About Vibrant Group, P. 01

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Profile, P. 01

Annual Report 2020 – Our Business Lines, P. 02

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Profile, P. 01

Annual Report 2020 – Group Corporate Structure, P. 18

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2020 – Our Business Lines, P. 02

102-7

Scale of the organization

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

Annual Report 2020 – Group Financial Highlights, P. 08

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

102-9

Supply chain

Supply chain activities are minimal and immaterial to report on

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and  

its supply chain

No significant changes during FY2020

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

The Group has developed internal control mechanism, and will 

regularly conduct risk management exercises so to identify potential 

operational risks and development of new products. In addition,  

the Group has introduced the Whistleblowing Policy to maintain  

a high level of cooperate governance and business conduct.

102-12

External initiatives

No externally-developed economic, environmental and social 

charters, principles, or other initiatives is subscribed or endorsed 

during FY2020.

102-13

Membership of associations

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder Engagement, P. 03

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Sustainability Report 2020 – Board Statement, Cover page

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Sustainability Report 2020 – Board Statement, Cover page

Annual Report 2020 – Our Vision, Our Mission, Cover page

Annual Report 2020 – Corporate Governance Report, P. 21

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Report 2020 – Our Sustainability Efforts, P. 01

Annual Report 2020 – Group Corporate Structure, P. 18

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder Engagement, P. 03

Sustainability Report 2020

15


GRI 

Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 102: General Disclosures (Continued)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

No collective bargaining agreements are in place during FY20.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholder

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder Engagement, P. 03

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder Engagement, P. 03

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2020 – Stakeholder Engagement, P. 03

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated  

financial statements

Annual Report 2020 – Group Corporate Structure, P. 18

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the Sustainability Report, P. 02

Sustainability Report 2020 – Materiality Assessment, P. 04

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2020 – Materiality Assessment, P. 04

102-48

Restatements of information

FY2019 electricity data was restated to include the gross floor area of 

two locations.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Sustainability Report 2020 – Materiality Assessment, P. 04

102-50

Reporting period

Sustainability Report 2020 – About the Sustainability Report, P. 02

102-51

Date of most recent report

27 September 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Report on annual basis.

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Sustainability Report 2020 - About the Sustainability Report, P. 02

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2020 - GRI Content Index, P. 15

102-56

External assurance

This Report has undergone the internal review process of the Group, 

and was reviewed by the Board. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for FY2020, and may consider it for future periods. 

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Sustainability Report 2020 – Our Sustainability Efforts, P. 01

103-2

The management approach and its components

Sustainability Report 2020 – Our Sustainability Efforts, P. 01

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability Report 2020 – Our Sustainability Efforts, P. 01

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report 2020 – Financial Statements, P. 34

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Sustainability Report 2020 – Anti-corruption, P. 06

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Sustainability Report 2020 – Energy, P. 09

302-3

Energy Intensity

Sustainability Report 2020 – Energy, P. 09

GRI 303: Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Sustainability Report 2020 – Water Management, P. 09

GRI 305: Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Sustainability Report 2020 – GHG Emissions, P. 07

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Sustainability Report 2020 – GHG Emissions, P. 07

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Sustainability Report 2020 – GHG Emissions, P. 07

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste

306-3

Significant Spills

Sustainability Report 2020 – Waste Management, P. 08

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Sustainability Report 2020 – Environmental, P. 07

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

401-3

Parental leave

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

Vibrant Group Limited

16


GRI 

Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities

Sustainability Report 2020 – Health and Safety, P. 13

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Sustainability Report 2020 – Training and Development, P. 12

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Sustainability Report 2020 – Training and Development, P. 12

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Sustainability Report 2020 – Employment, P. 10

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Sustainability Report 2020 – Customer Privacy, P. 14

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Sustainability Report 2020 – Social, P. 10

Sustainability Report 2020

17




51 Penjuru Road #04-00

Freight Links Express Logisticentre

Singapore 609143

Tel: (65) 6262 6988

Fax: (65) 6261 3316

Company Registration No. 198600061G

www.vibrant.com.sg

Vibrant Group Limited

