


Vibrant Group Limited















S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T  2 0 1 9














The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present its Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of Vibrant Group Limited (“the Group”, 

“Vibrant Group” or “we”). 

The Board believes that this Report has provided a transparent presentation of its environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives, 

plans and performances. It also serves as a good communication platform with its stakeholders for demonstrating its ongoing commitment 

to sustainable development.

As one of the leading logistics, real estate and financial services group in this industry, the Board values sustainability as the core of the Group’s 

success. In order to integrate sustainable development into our business operations, the Board oversees the direction of sustainability at the 

Group as part of the Group’s long-term strategy formulation. The Board works closely with the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”), 

formed by the Group’s senior management, to obtain updates about the sustainability objectives, strategy and performance of the Group. The 

Board oversaw the identification of sustainability factors material to the Group’s business and its stakeholders as part of our involvement in 

the process of sustainability reporting. The Board also manages and monitors these factors through close interaction with the management.

As an integrated service provider in logistics, real estate and financial services, the Group strives to be a leader in sustainable development 

while managing a commercially successful business. Our sustainability approach recognises the need to enhance our sustainability 

performance in order to increase our competitiveness. By setting targets in material areas and managing our performance, we aim to 

translate our sustainability efforts into benefits for the environment, our employees, our business and the local communities.

Last but not least, the Board would like to express its sincere appreciation for the support of all employees, customers and business partners 

over the past years. By adopting sustainable practices, the Group will continue to make greater contribution to the sustainable corporate 

development.

Vibrant Group Limited’s Board of Directors

 Board Statement

 

Board Statement

1 

About Vibrant Group

1 

About the Sustainability Report

1 

Reporting Framework

1 

Contact Us

2 

Sustainability Governance

3 

Stakeholder Engagement

4 

Materiality Assessment

5 

Regulatory Compliance

5 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

5 

Economic

6 

Environmental

9 

Social

13 

FY20 Target Summary Table

14 

SGX Content Table

15 

GRI Content Index

Contents








ABOUT VIBRANT GROUP

Listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) in 1995, Vibrant Group Limited is a leading logistics, real estate and 

financial services group headquartered in Singapore. It offers a comprehensive range of integrated logistics services including international 

freight forwarding, chemical storage and logistics, warehousing and distribution, and record management. The Group is also engaged in real 

estate business in property management, development and investment. Its financial services include fund management, financial leasing 

services, and asset and trust management.

With the vision to be a world-class integrated service provider in logistics, real estate and financial services, the Group operates with the 

mission to harness the synergistic effects of our capabilities in logistics, real estate and financial services, provide reliable and innovative 

services and deliver credible and sustainable business growth to our clients.

ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

This Report presents Vibrant Group’s sustainability performance for the period between 1 May 2018 and 30 April 2019 (“FY19”). Unless 

specified otherwise, the scope of the Report covers the Group’s most material business in our head office at Singapore, our freight and 

logistics business. Activities included are international freight forwarding, warehousing property and logistics as well as chemical storage 

and logistics operations. This Report also presents and summarises the Group’s policies, practice and performance relating to the ESG 

aspects. The Group will strengthen its sustainability works in the future, and continue to expand its scope of disclosure subject to materiality 

assessment and necessity.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide issued by the SGX-ST and with 

reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, the latest sets of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards 

Board. The GRI Standards sets out generic sustainability factors, general principles and indicators for the Group to report on sustainability 

policies, practices, performance and targets that is in line with the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and  

social topics.

In specific, this Report references to the following topic-specific disclosures:

GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016

GRI 401: Employment 2016

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

GRI 302: Energy 2016

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance2016

CONTACT US

Feedback from Vibrant Group’s stakeholders is greatly welcome as it enables continual improvement in the Group’s sustainability policies, 

processes and performance. Please send your comments, suggestions, and feedback to corporate@vibrant.com.sg. 

 About this report

Sustainability Report 2019

1


SUSTAINABILITY STEERING COMMITTEE

As part of the Group’s long-term strategy formulation, the Board oversees the direction of sustainability at the Group. The Board works 

closely with the SSC, formed by Vibrant Group’s senior management, to obtain updates about the sustainability objectives, strategy and 

performance of the Group. The Board oversaw the identification of ESG factors material to the Group’s business and its stakeholders as part 

of our involvement in the process of sustainability reporting. The Board also manages and monitors these factors through close interaction 

with management.

Achieving a high level of corporate governance is important to the Group. Hence, we have set in place a sustainability framework that will be 

reviewed by the SSC every year.

Sustainability at the Group is spearheaded by the SSC, whose role is to develop sustainability objectives and strategy, manage and monitor 

overall sustainability performance, and report to the Board. Members of the SSC include the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Corporate 

Development Officer and Chief Financial Officer.

The SSC is supported by the Sustainability Task Force (“STF”), which is responsible for driving the sustainability programme across the 

organisation. The STF comprises members of the senior management teams from different businesses across the Group.

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

As a business that strives toward growth and development, we remain vigilant for emerging trends and developments that may present 

business opportunities. The changing business environment may offer opportunities for us to improve our sustainability performance, or 

sustainability opportunities may provide opportunities to improve our business performance. Our sustainability approach recognises the 

need to enhance our sustainability performance in order to increase our competitiveness. We are aware of increasing importance of ESG 

factors among our stakeholders and the business landscape and we will aim to align our sustainability initiatives with our business strategy.

 SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

2

Vibrant Group Limited


The Group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and sustainability aspects. In order to understand and address 

their key concerns, we have maintained close communication with key internal and external stakeholders that have direct and significant 

impacts on our business, also those who will be affected by our operations, including but not limited to investors and shareholders, 

customers, employees, business partners, government and regulators as well as trade associations.

In formulating operational strategies and ESG measures, the Group takes into account the stakeholders’ expectations and strives to improve 

its performance through mutual cooperation with the stakeholders, resulting in creating greater value for them by utilising diversified 

communication channels. Details are shown in the table below:

DETAILS OF KEY STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS

Stakeholders

Methods of Engagement

Frequency

Concerns of Discussions

Investors and

Shareholders

Timely updates of financial results and 

announcements, business developments, press 

releases, and other relevant disclosures via 

SGXNet and website 

Throughout the year

• Sustain profitability and 

enhance shareholder return

• Transparent reporting

• Sound corporate governance 

practices

• Long-term growth of business

Annual General Meeting

Annually

Customers

Regular formal or informal meetings and 

feedback sessions to exchange ideas and update 

on important initiatives and matters

Throughout the year

• Expanding connectivity and 

maximising cost efficiency

• Responsiveness to customer 

requests and feedback

Channels of communication for freight and 

logistics services provided

Employees

Induction programme for new employees

Throughout the year

• Equitable remuneration

• Fair and competitive 

employment practices and 

policies

• Safe and healthy work 

environment

• Focus on employee 

development and wellbeing

Training and development programmes

Recreational and wellness activities

Career development performance appraisals

Annually

Business Partners 

(Third Party Service 

Providers)

Regular dialogue sessions with service providers 

and property managers

Throughout the year

• Equitable treatment of 

business partners

• Regular and punctual 

payments upon enlistment of 

service

Established channels of communication

Government and 

Regulators

Meetings and dialogue sessions

Throughout the year

• Compliance with, and keep 

abreast of, ever-changing laws 

and regulations

Trade Associations

Membership in industry associations such 

as the Singapore Logistics Association, the 

Singapore Business Federation, the Singapore 

Aircargo Agents Association, the International Air 

Transport Association, etc.

 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Sustainability Report 2019

3


A materiality assessment in the form of surveys was conducted in FY19, where we identified sustainability factors that were material to our 

business operations. Senior management team members from different business lines across the Group were involved in completing the 

materiality survey. During the materiality assessment, we took into consideration the following factors:

•  Global and local emerging sustainability trends;

•  Material topics identified by industry peers;

•  Industry best practices; and

•  Sustainability reporting frameworks.

The Group has considered feedback from relevant stakeholders in determining the Group’s material sustainability aspects to be covered in 

this Report. The Group’s materiality matrix for FY19 is presented in the following section.

 MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Category

Material Topics

Governance

1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Economic

2. Economic Performance

Environment

3. Emissions

4. Waste Management

5. Energy

6. Water Management

Social

7. Employment

8. Health and Safety

9. Customer Privacy

In this Report, the Group will further disclose its performance in terms of the relevant aspects, and it considers the results as important 

reference points for the future planning of sustainability management.

The Group confirmed that appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues are in place.

THE GROUP’S MATERIALITY MATRIX FOR FY19

Level of influence on stakeholders’ 

assessments and decisions

Level of significance of economic, environmental and social impacts

Energy

Customer Privacy

Waste Management

Emissions

Economic Performance

Health and Safety

Employment

Compliance and Laws

and Regulations

Water Management

4

Vibrant Group Limited


We recognise the importance of maintaining high standards of business integrity and complying with applicable laws and regulations, 

including relevant environmental laws and regulations. 

Thus, we have stringent monitoring and enforcement mechanisms in place to manage our economic, social and environmental performance. 

We provide related trainings to our employees to equip them with knowledge on compliance with laws and regulations to aspects including 

but not limited to anti-corruption, environmental emissions, employment, etc. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION

As a corporation that upholds business integrity, we have zero tolerance towards any form of bribery and any form of corruption. The Group 

has established related anti-corruption policies, which are specified in the Code of Conduct and Corporate Policy on Exchange of Gifts, all 

employees are required to adhere to the policies strictly. The policies specify requirements in record keeping and documentation. 

In addition, a whistle-blowing policy has been put in place for employees to report their concerns about suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest 

practices or other similar matters. Employees are encouraged to report any suspicious practices or inappropriate activities and bring them 

immediately to the attention of the Head of Human Resources (“HR”) and/or any member of the Executive Committee. Appropriate action 

will be taken if an employee is found guilty of fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct in relation to his/her employment. It is also the Group’s 

policy to protect the identity of the whistle-blower.

In FY19, there were zero incident of non-compliance with relevant material anti-corruption laws and regulations. We aim to maintain this 

trend for the forthcoming year.

 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Economic performance is a material factor for Vibrant Group as our business’ economic viability is important to our shareholders. We aim to 

attain sustainable economic growth to provide desirable returns to our shareholders annually.

To keep the Group abreast with the latest industrial information, the Group holds a membership in industry associations such as the 

Singapore Logistics Association, the Singapore Business Federation, the Singapore Aircargo Agents Association, the International Air 

Transport Association, etc.

Our financial performance for FY19 can be found in the Group’s Financial Highlights (pages 8 to 9) and Financial Statements sections (pages 

47 to 54) of the FY19 Annual Report.

 ECONOMIC

Vibrant Group strives to have robust corporate governance practices that gain stakeholders’ trust and maintain the necessary license to 

operate. We have implemented measures to ensure that our employees comply with the Company’s policies and procedures.

 Regulatory compliance

Sustainability Report 2019

5


There is an increasing awareness to environmental issues such as climate change. As a global integrated logistics provider, Vibrant Group 

recognises the impacts of its business on the environment, especially the use of fossil fuels in vehicles and other resources consumed in 

our operation. The Group believes that environmentally friendly practices complement business efficiency and advocates corporate social 

responsibility towards the environment by incorporating these processes in its daily operations. As a socially responsible corporation, 

the Group strictly complies with related environmental regulations and all employees share responsibilities in monitoring the Group’s 

environmental performances. In FY19, there were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant material environmental laws and 

regulations. We aim to maintain this trend for the forthcoming year.

EMISSIONS

Realising the business nature of the Group is closely related with emissions, we strive to minimise our environmental impacts in our operations. 

We aim at reducing our emissions through various practices and initiatives, while increasing our customers’ efficiency and lowering costs. 

We have implemented related environmental policies and initiatives, including but not limited to those listed below, to reduce the Group’s 

emissions:

•  Conduct regular checks on our vehicles to ensure that they comply with environmental regulations as well as monitor our diesel 

consumption; and 

•  Other emission reduction measures are described in the “Energy” section. 

Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) Emissions

The Group’s major sources of GHG emissions are from fuel consumption of vehicles (Scope 1) and purchased electricity (Scope 2). To mitigate 

GHG emissions, measures such as regular vehicle inspection and electricity conservation initiatives are adopted. Please refer to the section 

“Energy” for more details regarding energy conservation initiatives.

Given the role of GHG emissions to climate change, GHG emissions from the use of fuel and electricity pose a serious threat to the environment. 

Therefore, reducing GHG emissions remains a global priority. Singapore has declared the year 2018 as the Year of Climate Action. A carbon 

taxation has also been implemented in Singapore since 1 January 2019 in order to monitor and reduce the country’s GHG emissions. To echo 

such initiatives, we are targeting to maintain or reduce our GHG intensities below FY19’s level in the following year. 

In FY19, the Group’s GHG emissions from diesel consumption had decreased approximately 32% from approximately 4,114 tCO2e in FY18 

to approximately 2,787 tCO2e in FY19; while the GHG emission from electricity consumption has decreased approximately 25% from 

approximately 1,946 tCO2e in FY18 to approximately 1,453 tCO2e in FY19. The following graphs show the GHG performances of Vibrant Group 

in FY19 and FY18.  

 Environmental

GHG EMISSIONS FROM DIESEL CONSUMPTION 

(tCO2e)

FY18

FY19

4,114

2,787

GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY FROM DIESEL CONSUMPTION  

(tCO2e /km)

FY18

FY19

0.0019

0.0016

6

Vibrant Group Limited


WASTE MANAGEMENT

General wastes are centrally collected and disposed. Designated staff will check the waste collection area to ensure the tidiness of the 

surroundings. We also encourage employees to conduct waste separation at source and conduct recycling. Thus, we also place recycling 

bins in accessible areas to encourage recycling in daily practice.

The Group has established the Chemical Safety Policy in governing the waste disposal, especially for chemical wastes. Chemical wastes 

must be disposed in accordance to prevailing regulatory requirements and accumulation of wastes must be avoided. All hazardous wastes 

are required to be labeled clearly according to international and national standards. We engaged licensed third party in handling hazardous 

waste. Regular trainings are also conducted to ensure our employees are clear in handling hazardous wastes.

In the Group’s Chemical Safety Policy, it has clearly stated best practices for the safe use, storage and disposal of chemicals in the workplace. 

Each warehouse is subjected to regular inspections, via an inspection or audit programme by the safety committee and if necessary, by 

the Office of Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”). We also conducted regular drills and trainings for employees to educate them the 

appropriate mitigation measures to be taken in case of any accidental spillage.

We aim to support these initiatives by systematically recording environmental incidents such as spills as well as maintaining appropriate 

approvals for the handling of hazardous chemicals. We had achieved the target set in FY18, for which there were zero spills recorded in FY19, 

and we aim to continue achieving this target in the following year. 

ENERGY 

Given our business nature, the material energy consumption is consumption of fuels for vehicles and purchased electricity for our operation. 

Related energy management plan has been developed to strive for energy conservation as one of the Group’s fundamental policies. The 

Group has developed and regularly reviewed our energy targets, striving to improve our energy efficiency and reduce our GHG emissions 

in an effective manner. The usage of electricity, fuel and other materials is regularly monitored. Unexpected high consumption of such 

resources will be investigated to find out the root cause and corresponding preventative measures will be taken if necessary.

 Environmental

GHG EMISSIONS FROM ELECTRICITY USE  

(tCO2e)

FY18

FY19

1,946

1,453

GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY FROM ELECTRICITY USE   

(tCO2e /m2)

FY18

FY19

0.0124

0.0204

Sustainability Report 2019

7


 Environmental

During FY19, we have implemented, including but not limited to, the following policies and initiatives to enhance our energy efficiency:

•  Explore energy efficient technologies to implement in operations;

•  Use of technology to track and control direct energy usage for example, use of diesel in vehicle fleet;

•  Achieve transparency by enhancing data quality and effects of operations on the environment; and

•  Promote effective environmental management among suppliers and external contractors.

The Group is committed to strictly execute the measurement and track the effectiveness of the above policies and initiatives. During FY19, we 

had achieved FY18’s target of reducing our diesel intensity below FY18’s level. However, our electricity intensity increased from 0.0296 MWh/

m2 in FY18 to 0.0487 MWh/m2 in FY19. Our target for FY20 will be to maintain or reduce our electricity and diesel intensities below FY19’s level. 

The following graphs show the electricity and diesel performances of Vibrant Group in FY19 and FY18. 

WATER MANAGEMENT

Water scarcity is a growing concern around the world. The Group has adopted a wide range of water conservation measures to reduce 

water consumption at our warehouses . We have also encouraged employees and customers to develop the habit of conserving water 

consciously. The Group has been strengthening our water-saving promotion, posting water-saving slogans and educating employees to use 

water reasonably. The Group is targeting to formulate relevant procedures to improve our water management for the following year.

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION 

(MWh)

FY18

FY19

4,643

3,469

ELECTRICITY INTENSITY   

(MWh/m2)

FY18

FY19

0.0296

0.0487

DIESEL CONSUMPTION  

(Litre)

FY18

FY19

1,529,977

1,036,627

DIESEL INTENSITY   

(Litre/km)

FY18

FY19

0.7090

0.5911

8

Vibrant Group Limited


Socioeconomic compliance is one of the key factors for the Group to obtain social license to operate. The management of the Group 

regularly reviews the business activities, sets up clear policies and procedures in advance to prevent potential infringement of related 

laws and regulations. Employees are also encouraged to report suspected cases of violation in any laws and regulations. In FY19, there 

were zero incidents of non-compliance with relevant material socio-economic laws and regulations. We aim to maintain this trend for the  

forthcoming year.

EMPLOYMENT

The Group values human resources as they are the foundation in supporting the development of the Group. Our employees are involved in 

warehouse operations and management as well as the processing and distribution of shipments and goods. Their skills and expertise are 

vital to our business success. Thus, attracting and retaining talent are part of Vibrant Group’s strategy for ensuring sustainable growth for 

 our business.

The Group adopts a people-oriented management approach and realises the full potentials of its employees. The Group has formally 

documented the Employee Handbook, covering the aspects of recruitment, compensation, promotion, working hours and rest periods, 

diversity and equal opportunity, etc. The Group reviews the Employee Handbook and its employment practices on a periodic basis to ensure 

continuous improvements of its employment standards.

In FY19, we have achieved the target of maintaining an employee turnover rate of 25% or below. Our target for FY20 will be maintaining an 

employee turnover rate of 25% or below. The following table sets out the employment performance for FY19 and FY18. 

FY19

FY18

New employee hires (Annual Rate)

79 (16%)

104 (21%)

Employee turnover (Annual Rate)

67 (14%)

121 (25%)

As of 30 April 2019, there were 481 employees at Vibrant Group. The following graphs show the age and gender diversity of employees of  

the Group. 

 Social

EMPLOYEE AGE DIVERSITY 

(FY19)

EMPLOYEE GENDER DIVERSITY 

(FY19)

16%

 &lt; 30 years old      30-50 years old     &gt; 50 years old 

 Male     Female

53%

31%

67%

33%

Sustainability Report 2019

9


 Social

There were 79 (42% female; 58% male) new employees and 67 (37% female; 63% male) employees had left the Group during FY19. Vibrant 

Group had an annual new-hire rate of 16% and an annual turnover rate of 14% during FY19.  

NEW EMPLOYEE BY AGE 

(FY19)

NEW EMPLOYEE BY GENDER 

(FY19)

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY AGE

(FY19)

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY GENDER

(FY19)

30%

 &lt; 30 years old      30-50 years old     &gt; 50 years old 

 Male     Female

51%

19%

58%

42%

36%

 &lt; 30 years old      30-50 years old     &gt; 50 years old 

 Male     Female

55%

9%

63%

37%

10

Vibrant Group Limited


 Social

Recruitment and Remuneration

The Group applies robust and transparent recruitment processes based on merit, grades and relevant skills for the position and potential to 

fulfil the Group’s current and future needs. 

We endeavour to create an inclusive and collaborative working environment. High talent retention creates a positive work environment, 

strengthening employees’ commitment to the organisation. We collect, track and monitor our human resource data, including overtime, 

vacation balances and the number of training days. Our full-time employees enjoy benefits including health care coverage; bus transport 

scheme; gift voucher for new born; insurances including but not limited to business travel insurance, work injury compensation insurance, 

group hospital and surgical insurance. Full-time employees are also entitled to different leave types, such as annual leave, parental leave, 

medical and hospitalization leave, national service leave, etc. Directorial-level employees will also receive retirement provision. Apart from 

benefits providing to full-time employees, we also provide sufficient benefit coverage to our part-time employees.

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

The Group recognises the value of a diverse and skilled workforce and is committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and collaborative 

workplace culture in which all can thrive. We are committed to promoting a diverse workforce and creating a discrimination-free work 

environment. We also constantly review the demographics of our team. 

The Group is dedicated to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless 

of gender, race, nationality and family status. This covers all aspects of employment, including selection, job assignment, compensation, 

discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training.

The Group has implemented the following policies in relation to employment, which aim at achieving diversity and equal opportunity, 

amongst others:

•  Remuneration Policy;

•  Staff Welfare and Benefit Policy; and

•  Employment Code of Conduct.

Employee Wellbeing

Vibrant Group organises different forms of activities and social events for our employees throughout the year as a means of employee 

engagement.

Training and Development

A variety of training and development programmes have been developed for our employees as part of our sustainability strategy. They 

provide opportunities for our employees to learn and grow while increasing job satisfaction and motivation. Our employees are encouraged 

to participate in a wide range of relevant learning and development programmes. During the year, our employees received an average of 5.1 

hours of training per employee, and we intend to provide our employees with more opportunities for training in the forthcoming year. Other 

programmes that are targeted at employee development include skills and transition assistance programmes such as Bachelor in Business 

Studies (Marketing) and Diploma in Integrated Logistics Management.

The Group also provides training sponsorship for our employees to attend courses that are identified as relevant to their job. Training 

sponsorship aims to train and develop employees to enable them to meet their current and future job needs and performance, and thereby 

achieve the Company’s training objectives. 

Sustainability Report 2019

11


 Social

HEALTH AND SAFETY

At Vibrant Group, we regard health and safety as a priority and see this as an essential part of our business. Safe work practices, such as the safe 

use of vehicles and equipment, and the safe handling of hazardous chemicals are the foundation of a safe workplace. We strive to prioritise 

the health and safety of our employees, customers, third-party service providers and visitors. Maintaining a safe working environment at all 

of our facilities is essential to us. We have, therefore, set in place health and safety practices.

We highlight the importance of a safe working environment to our employees by providing safety tips regularly. We also employ an all-round 

approach to health and safety, taking into consideration training, communication, safety at work sites, security operations and audits. The 

following table presents the initiatives and practices that we have implemented with regard to the health and safety of our employees and 

other stakeholders.

TRAINING

•  Tailor-made courses according to job requirements and provide specific precautions and 

procedures to follow;

•  Conduct safety trainings to assure safety equipment is properly worn and maintained; and

•  Evacuation plans and drills well designed for on-the-ground workers.

EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK AND 

ORIENTATION HANDBOOK

Social Code of Conduct:

•  Safe and Healthy Work Environment.

Rules and Regulations:

•  Emergency evacuation rule;

•  Safety standards and guidelines; and

•  Smoking, dress code, etc.

SAFETY MEASURES

•  Conduct safety audit(s) and inspections at all facilities to identify key areas and take preventive 

measures when necessary;

•  Re-examine existing health and safety policies, ensure well-implementation and continued 

relevance; and

•  Ensure responsible usage of chemicals and transparency on the substances used in premises.

EMPLOYEE WELL BEING

•  Employee wellness plan including regular medical check-ups, workplace inspections, advice 

and treatments.

In FY19, there were zero workplace fatalities at Vibrant Group. The total number of workplace injuries was 1 and the total number of lost days 

was 5. Although we did not achieve the target of reducing the lost time injury rate to 0%, we have reduced the lost time injury rate from 0.63 in 

FY18 to 0.16 in FY19. We have also reached the target of achieving zero incidents of non-compliance resulting in regulatory breaches related 

to relevant health and safety legislation. Our target for FY20 will be to maintain or reduce the lost time injury rate of 0.16, and to maintain zero 

incidents of non-compliance resulting in regulatory breaches related to relevant health and safety legislation. 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

The Group has established policies and standards for preventing the loss or mishandling of customer data such as the information technology 

(“IT”) security management approach to protect business and personal data against unauthorized access. We have plans to implement the 

following privacy protection initiatives in the future:

•  Introducing the Personal Data Protection Policy that governs the collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data;

•  Complying with privacy and information security law and regulatory requirements; and

•  Abiding by the employee code of conduct for the use of personal data.

Furthermore, we have appointed a Personal Data Protection Officer, who will be responsible for conducting regular checks of our IT system in 

order to prevent the loss of personal data. Reported breaches and complaints of the loss of personal data will be documented. We also plan 

to disseminate information on data privacy requirements to key stakeholders.

During FY19, the Group has achieved the target of maintaining zero breaches and substantiated complaints of customer privacy and losses 

of data, and we aim to maintain this record for the forthcoming financial year. 

12

Vibrant Group Limited


 FY20 Target Summary Table

ECONOMIC

Anti-corruption

No incidents of corruption

Economic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

ENVIRONMENTAL

GHG Emissions

Maintain or reduce GHG’s intensities below FY19’s level

Waste Management

Maintain zero spills

Energy

Maintain or reduce electricity and diesel intensities below FY19’s levels

Water Management

Formulate relevant procedures to improve our water management 

Environmental Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

SOCIAL

Employment

Maintain an employee turnover rate of 25% or below 

Health and Safety

Maintain or reduce lost time injury rate of 0.16

Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance resulting in regulatory breaches related to relevant 

health and safety legislation

Customer Privacy

Maintain zero breaches and substantiated complaints of customer privacy and losses of data

Socio-economic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance with relevant socio-economic laws and regulations that would 

have a material impact to the Group

Sustainability Report 2019

13


PRIMARY COMPONENT

SECTION REFERENCE

Material Topics

•  Materiality Assessment

Policies, Practices and Performance

•  Economic

•  Environmental

•  Social

Board Statement

•  Board Statement

Targets

•  FY20 Target Summary Table

Framework

•  Reporting Framework

 SGX CONTENT TABLE

14

Vibrant Group Limited


 GRI Content Index

GRI 

Indicator

Description

Session / Explanation 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organization

Vibrant Group Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Profile, P.1

Annual Report 2019 – Our Business Lines, P.2-3

Sustainability Report – About Vibrant Group, P.1

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report – Corporate Profile, P.1

Sustainability Report – About Vibrant Group, P.1

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Profile, P.1

Annual Report 2019 – Our Business Lines, P.2-3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Profile, P.1

Annual Report 2019 – Group Corporate Structure, P.20-21

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2019 – Our Business Lines, P.2-3

102-7

Scale of the organization

Sustainability Report 2019 – Employment, P. 9-11

Annual Report 2019 – Group Financial Highlights, P. 8-9

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Sustainability Report 2019 – Employment, P. 9-11

102-9

Supply chain

Supply chain activities are minimal and immaterial to 

report on

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

No significant changes during FY19

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

The Group has developed internal control mechanism, 

and will regularly conduct risk management exercises so 

to identify potential operational risks and development 

of new products. In addition, the Group has introduced 

the Whistleblowing Policy to maintain a high level of 

cooperate governance and business conduct.

102-12

External initiatives

No externally-developed economic, environmental and 

social charters, principles, or other initiatives is subscribed 

or endorsed during FY19

102-13

Membership of associations

Sustainability Report 2019 – Stakeholder Engagement, P.3

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Sustainability Report 2019 - Board Statement, Cover page

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Sustainability Report 2019 - Board Statement, Cover page

Annual Report 2019 – Our Vision, Our Mission – P.1

Annual Report 2019 – Corporate Governance Report –  

P. 25-40

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Report 2019 – Sustainability Governance – 

P.2

Annual Report 2019 – Group Corporate Structure – P.20-21

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report 2019 - Stakeholder Engagement, P.3

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

No collective bargaining agreements are in place during 

FY19

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholder

Sustainability Report 2019 - Stakeholder Engagement, P.3

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability Report 2019 - Stakeholder Engagement, P.3

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report 2019 – Stakeholder Engagement, P.3

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Annual Report 2019 – Group Corporate Structure, P.20-21

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability Report 2019 – About the Sustainability 

Report, P.1

Sustainability Report 2019 - Materiality Assessment, P.4

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability Report 2019 - Materiality Assessment, P.4

102-48

Restatements of information

No restatements of information given in last year 

sustainability report

102-49

Changes in reporting

Sustainability Report 2019 - Materiality Assessment, P.4

102-50

Reporting period

Sustainability Report 2019 – About the Sustainability 

Report, P.1

Sustainability Report 2019

15


 GRI Content Index

102-51

Date of most recent report

28 March 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Report on annual basis

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Sustainability Report 2019 – About the Sustainability 

Report, P.1

102-55

GRI content index

Sustainability Report 2019 – GRI Content Index, P.15-16

102-56

External assurance

This Report has undergone the internal review process of 

the Group, and was reviewed by the Board. The Group has 

not sought external assurance for FY19, and may consider 

it for future periods

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Sustainability Report 2019 – Sustainability Approach, P.2

103-2

The management approach and its components

Sustainability Report 2019 – Sustainability Approach, P.2

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability Report 2019 – Sustainability Approach, P.2

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Annual Report 2019 – Financial Statements, P.41-157

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Sustainability Report 2019 – Anti-corruption, P.5

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Sustainability Report 2019 – Energy, P.7-8

302-3

Energy Intensity

Sustainability Report 2019 – Energy, P.7-8

GRI 305: Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Sustainability Report 2019 – GHG Emissions, P.6-7

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Sustainability Report 2019 – GHG Emissions, P.6-7

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Sustainability Report 2019 – GHG Emissions, P.6-7

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste

306-3

Significant Spills

Sustainability Report 2019 – Waste Management, P.7

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Sustainability Report 2019 – Environmental, P.6-8

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Sustainability Report 2019 – Employment, P.9-10

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Sustainability Report 2019 – Health and Safety, P.12

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Sustainability Report 2019 – Training and Development, 

P.11

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Sustainability Report 2019 – Training and Development, 

P.11

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

Sustainability Report 2019 – Customer Privacy, P.12

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

Sustainability Report 2019 – Social, P.9-12

16

Vibrant Group Limited



51 Penjuru Road #04-00

Freight Links Express Logisticentre

Singapore 609143

Tel: (65) 6262 6988

Fax: (65) 6261 3316

Company Registration No. 198600061G

www.vibrant.com.sg

Vibrant Group Limited

