
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 




CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Viking Offshore and Marine Limited (the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) is listed on the Catalist Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) and based in Singapore with a presence in the Asian region and customers all 

over the world. The principal activities of the Group are that of providing (i) integrated services 

to the offshore and marine industries and (ii) asset chartering services globally. Further 

complementing our regional presence, we have a network of service agents worldwide. 

Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, Viking provides offshore and marine system solutions 

to yards, vessels owners and oil majors around the world and provide asset management 

services. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Sustainability has become a critical success factor for companies to ensure long-term value 

creation. We hereby present the Group’s annual Sustainability Report, for our financial year 

ended 31 December 2018. This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance 

with Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F-Sustainability Report Guide of the Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The key material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors for the Group have 

been identified and reviewed by the management of the Group and the board of directors of 

the Company (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and 

takes them into consideration when determining the Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. 

 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

 

We prepared our report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Core 

Reporting Options, as well as the SGX Guide to Sustainability Reporting for Listed Companies. 

This report covers the 2018 financial year from 1 January to 31 December (“FY2018”). We 

have not sought external assurance for FY2018. 

 

 

REPORTING SCOPE 

 

This report will particularly focus on the economic and operation, governance and social issues 

that affect our group of companies in general aspects, as the Group continues to place its 

emphasis on bringing back profitability to the Group. 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to your feedback. 

Please send your feedback to info@vikingom.com 

 


GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The 

values we create for our people, the environment and society at large very much influence our 

financial performance. In order to accommodate our sustainability goals and values, we have 

developed a sustainability organisational structure. 

 

 

- oversees the sustainability direction, strategies, policies 

 

 

 

- advises and supports the Board on sustainability matters, strategies, 

policies; and 

- overall management and monitoring of sustainability performances 

and targets 

 

 

 

- implement sustainability initiatives and provide feedback on 

improvements 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group’s stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, shareholders, employees, 

suppliers and local government. We prioritise our stakeholders for engagement based on the 

significance of their influence on our business and our dependency on them. We engage with 

our key stakeholders on a regular basis to ensure two-way communication and this is 

summarised in the table below: 

 

Stakeholders 

Topics of Concern 

Frequency of 

engagement 

Mode of engagement 

Customers 

 Product quality 

 Code of conduct 

Ongoing 

 Meetings 

 Email / phone call  

 

Shareholders 

 Economic 

performance 

Annually 

 SGX announcements 

 Annual report 

 Annual general meetings 

 

Employees 

 Personal 

development 

 Working 

environment 

Ad hoc / 

Annually 

 Employee handbook 

 Email communication 

 Appraisal 

 

Suppliers 

 Product quality 

 Code of conduct 

Ongoing 

 Meetings 

 Email / phone call  

 

Regulators 

 Compliance with 

rules and 

regulations 

 

Ad hoc 

 Meetings 

 Email / phone call  

 

 

Board of 

Directors 

Management 

Employee 


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

After conducting a materiality assessment involving internal stakeholders, taking into account 

related business risks and opportunities, we have identified the ESG factors that are most 

material as economic performance, employment, governance and regulatory, and 

occupational health and safety. All these rank high in significance to stakeholder and to the 

business. 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Economic performance is very important to a company’s stakeholders particularly its investors 

or owners, because this performance eventually provides them with a return on their 

investment. Other stakeholders, like the firm’s employees and the society at large, are also 

deemed to benefit from such performance, albeit less directly. 

 

While the offshore and marine sector remained challenging in 2018, the industry players are 

cautiously optimistic about the future following the gradual recovery of oil prices and increase 

in offshore asset transactions. The improving global economy and corresponding growth in oil 

demand is expected to increase the capital expenditures of oil companies. We have seen an 

increase in customer enquiries and tender invitations in 2019 but acknowledged that 

competition remains keen and margins challenged. 

 

As a company listed on Catalist of the SGX-ST, we publish a detailed annual report comprising 

our risk management, corporate governance, and financial performance. For detailed 

information, please refer the announcements made by the Group on a quarterly basis and the 

subsequent Annual Report for FY2018 which will be published in due course. 

 

Target: 

The Group are focusing on collecting its debts, restructuring its loans and are actively seeking 

strategic investors for fresh source of funds so as to improve the financial position of the Group. 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

The Group is also committed to carry out its social responsibility at the workplace for 

employees, and recognise that it is important to provide a safe and conducive working 

environment for employees. In addition, employees are employed under fair and equitable 

terms. Furthermore, employees are also given equal opportunities with regard to their career 

advancement. 

 

 


Employee information of the Group as at 31 December 2018: 

 

 

 

We treat all employees fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of nationality, gender, age, 

race or religion. The hiring procedures are fair and non-discriminative. Staff are hired on the 

basis of merit, skills, experience or competency to perform the job. 

 

The Group ensures compliance with labour and employment laws, including working hours 

and believes in good work-life balance for our employees. 

 

All employees are expected to uphold and ensure that they do not engage in any interest that 

conflicts with any of the Company’s businesses. The code of work ethics is published in our 

Company’s Employee Handbook. 

 

Target:  

The Group aims to provide annual training to all its employees regarding compliance with its 

Code of Conduct as stated in the Company’s Employee Handbook. 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Health safety and environment (“HSE”) for our workforce has been a key focus throughout our 

growth as a company. It is not only a fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a 

safe and healthy environment, but when our employees’ wellness is attained, our productivity 

increases, and we can provide the best for our customers. 

 

Our HSE Policy, applies to all employees and contractors, and focuses on prevention and 

compliance. We conduct safety risk assessments at all levels and across all operating 

locations. 

 

We have a HSE Committee to oversee the promotion of safety culture and practices in the 

workplace. Led by a member of our Management, the Committee includes a few 

representatives from each functional department. Monthly meetings are held to discuss HSE 

related matters, including reviews of changes in regulatory requirements, outcomes of monthly 

safety inspection, results from regular risk assessments and the necessary preventive 

measures. The information is then disseminated by Committee members to their peers during 

their respective department meetings. All our employees are represented by the joint 

management-worker HSE Committee. 

 

14.6%

41.9%

33.3%

8.1% 2.0%

Age Group

30 and below

above 30 to 40

above 40 to 50

above 50 to 60

above 60

80.3%

19.7%

Gender

Male

Female


Our operations in Singapore have safety management systems in place. The certifications for 

bizSAFE STAR, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001:2007 are in place. 

 

Health and safety trainings on aspects such as risk assessment, fire safety, and first aid are 

provided for all staff according to their job requirements. Both workshop-based and field staffs 

are sent for relevant risk management training sessions throughout the year and are 

familiarised with the latest safety frameworks. Specific programmes are provided for high-risk 

site engineers, where they learn how to work safely at heights and in confined spaces. 

Relevant employees who are nominated as First-Aiders will be given CPR+AED training. In 

addition, we conduct health talks and activities for all our employees regularly. 

 

We follow Ministry of Manpower (MOM)’s Workplace Safety and Health Guidelines to manage 

safety and health of our employees in shipyards and ships. One significant hazard that our 

field service engineers at shipyard or on-board vessels may be exposed to is high noise level. 

To prevent noise-induced deafness (NID), all engineers are required to use appropriate 

personal protection equipment at work. All our new engineers are required to go through 

audiometric tests, which are followed-up annually to monitor hearing and detect any symptoms 

of NID. 

 

We had no fatalities during the reporting period. 

 

Our accident frequency rate (ASR) and accident severity rate (AFR) was 133.01 and 8.49 per 

million man hours worked in FY2018 respectively. The ASR and AFR have increased from 

zero and zero per million man hours worked in FY2017 respectively. This was due to the cases 

which occurred because of human negligence and resulted in considerable man-day loss. In 

response to this, the Group has since taken appropriate corrective actions. 

 

Target:  

The Group targets to continue to stress the importance of workplace safety and aim for an 

AFR and ASR of zero in the upcoming years. 

 

 

GOVERNANCE AND REGULATORY 

 

The Group strives to comply with the best practices of good governance, guided by the 

Singapore’s Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code”), throughout its operations to 

safeguard the interests of all stakeholders. The Group recognises that good corporate 

governance processes are essential for enhancing corporate sustainability. While the Group 

is in the midst of finalising its Annual Report 2018, the Group will be guided by the Code. 

 

• Risk Management 

 

An integral part of good corporate governance, a comprehensive risk management 

framework enables the Group to identify and manage risks in a systematic and consistent 

manner. In driving risk awareness, decision-making and business processes are put through 

prudent risk assessment. Fraud, corruption and economic value-added risks have been 

identified as material to ensure business sustainability. 

 

 


• Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The Whistle Blowing Policy adopted by the Board serves to provide an effective mechanism 

for employees and other stakeholders of the Group to raise concerns regarding any illegal 

conduct or malpractice. The policy also allows such concerns to be raised without being 

subject to victimization, harassment or discriminatory treatment, and ensures that such 

concerns are properly channelled to the right party for further investigation. 

 

• Dealings in Securities 

 

The Group’s code of conduct includes guidelines to directors and employees in the Group, 

which sets out prohibitions against dealings in the Company’s securities (i) while in 

possession of material unpublished price-sensitive information and (ii) before the 

announcement of the Company's results. Prior to announcement of the Group’s results, an 

email would be sent out as reminder to all directors and employees of the Group to inform 

them of the duration of the period. 

 

Target:  

The Group will continue to comply with the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist, 

the Code and the transition to the new Code of Corporate Governance 2018. 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Viking Offshore and Marine Limited 

21 Kian Teck Road Singapore 628773 

Tel: (65) 6601 9500 

Fax: (65) 6601 9600 

Website: www.vikingom.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s sponsor, CIMB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch (“Sponsor”) in accordance with Rule 

226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist. The report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The 

SGX-ST assume no responsibility for the contents of this report including the correctness of any of 

the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this report. The contact person for the 

Sponsor is Mr Ken Lee, Associate Director, Investment Banking. The contact particulars are 50 Raffles 

Place #09-01 Singapore Land Tower Singapore 048623, Telephone: +65 6337 5115. 



