
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




1 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Viking Offshore and Marine Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) is listed on the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) and is based in Singapore with a presence in the Asian region and customers all 

over the world. The principal activities of the Group are that of providing (i) integrated services 

to the offshore and marine industries; and (ii) asset chartering services globally. Further 

complementing our regional presence, we have a network of service agents worldwide. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Group provides offshore and marine system 

solutions to yards, vessels owners and oil majors around the world as well as asset 

management services. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Sustainability has become a critical success factor for companies to ensure long-term value 

creation. We hereby present the Company’s annual Sustainability Report, for the financial year 

ended 31 December (“FY”) 2020. This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in 

accordance with Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F on Sustainability Reporting Guide of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The key material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors for the Group have 

been identified and reviewed by the management of the Group (the “Management”) and the 

board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of 

these factors and takes them into consideration when determining the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term 

value for all its stakeholders. 

 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

 

We prepared our report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Core 

Reporting Options, as well as the Guide to Sustainability Reporting for Listed Companies 

issued by the SGX-ST. This report covers the FY2020 financial year from 1 January to 31 

December. We have not sought external assurance for this report for FY2020. 

 

 

REPORTING SCOPE 

 

This report will particularly focus on the economic and operation, governance and social issues 

that affect our group of companies in general aspects, as the Group continues to place its 

emphasis on bringing back profitability to the Group. 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

 

We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and we look forward to your feedback. 

Please send your feedback to info@vikingom.com. 

 


2 

 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The 

values we create for our people, the environment and society at large very much influence our 

financial performance. In order to accommodate our sustainability goals and values, we have 

developed a sustainability organisational structure. 

 

 

- oversees the Group’s sustainability direction, strategies and policies 

 

 

 

- advises and supports the Board on the Group’s sustainability matters, 

direction, strategies and policies; and 

- overall management and monitoring of sustainability performances and 

targets 

 

 

- implement 

sustainability 

initiatives 

and 

provide 

feedback 

on 

improvements 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group’s stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, shareholders, employees, 

suppliers and local government. We prioritise our stakeholders for engagement based on the 

significance of their influence on our business and our dependency on them. We engage with 

our key stakeholders on a regular basis to ensure two-way communication and this is 

summarised in the table below: 

 

Stakeholders 

Topics of Concern 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Mode of Engagement 

Customers 

• Product quality 

• Code of conduct 

Ongoing 

• Meetings 

• Emails / phone calls  

 

Shareholders 

• Material 

developments 

• Economic 

performance 

As and when 

required 

Quarterly (for 

financial results) 

Annually (for Annual 

Report) 

• SGX announcements 

• Annual report 

• Annual general 

meetings 

 

Employees 

• Personal 

development 

• Working 

environment 

Ongoing / Annually 

• Employee handbook 

• Email communication 

• Appraisal 

 

Suppliers 

• Product quality 

• Code of conduct 

Ongoing 

• Meetings 

• Emails / phone calls  

 

Regulators 

• Compliance with 

rules and 

regulations 

 

Ongoing 

• Meetings 

• Emails / phone calls  

• Catalist Sponsor 

Board of 

Directors 

Management 

Employees 


3 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

After conducting a materiality assessment involving internal stakeholders, taking into account 

related business risks and opportunities, and the current state of affairs of the Group, we have 

identified the ESG factors that are most material as economic performance, employment, 

governance and regulatory, as well as occupational health and safety. All these rank high in 

significance to stakeholders and to the Group’s business. 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Economic performance is very important to a company’s stakeholders, particularly its 

investors or owners, because this performance eventually provides them with a return on their 

investment. Other stakeholders, like the firm’s employees and the society at large, are also 

deemed to benefit from such performance, albeit less directly. 

 

The Group’s operations in countries within the region are still affected by the COVID-19 

pandemic situation with recovery remains uncertain and the lack of business travels 

undermines the sales order for the Group. While oil prices continue to rise steadily with the 

curtailing of supply and recovery in demand from the COVID-19 pandemic, oil and gas 

producers continue to be stringent with their capital expenditures.  To navigate this challenging 

climate, the Group will continue to monitor the situation closely and adjust its operating 

capacity in accordance with the fluid uncertain situation and when there is more clarity on the 

market development. 

 

As a company listed on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST, we publish a detailed annual report 

comprising our risk management, corporate governance, and financial performance. For 

detailed information, please refer to the financial results announcements made by the 

Company on a quarterly basis. The Company will publish its Annual Report for FY2020 by 14 

June 2021, pursuant to the grant of approval by the SGX-ST and the ACRA for the Company’s 

application for extension of time to hold the Company’s annual general meeting by 29 June 

2021, subject to fulfilment of certain waiver conditions, and as announced by the Company on 

29 April 2021. 

 

Target: 

The Group continues to focus its effort in maintaining viability of its offshore and marine 

business, completing the share placement agreement with the potential investors, and 

reaching a potential settlement or arrangement of the relevant liabilities with key creditors. The 

above actions will allow the Group to effectively exit the moratoria, and thereby deleverage 

the balance sheet and improve the financial capacity of the Group. Please refer to the 

Company’s announcements on updates of the efforts of the Group.    

 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

The Group is also committed to carry out its social responsibility at the workplace for 

employees, and recognises that it is important to provide a safe and conducive working 

environment for employees. In addition, employees are employed under fair and equitable 

terms, and in compliance with the applicable labour laws. Furthermore, employees are also 

given equal opportunities with regard to their career advancement. 

 


4 

 

Employee information of the Group as at 31 December 2020, together with prior year 

comparative, are as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We treat all employees fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of nationality, gender, age, 

race or religion. The hiring procedures are fair and non-discriminative. Staff are hired on the 

basis of merit, skills, experience or competency to perform the job. 

 

The Group ensures compliance with labour and employment laws, including working hours 

and believes in good work-life balance for our employees. 

 

All employees are expected to uphold and ensure that they do not engage in any interest that 

conflicts with any of the Company’s businesses. The code of work ethics is published in our 

Company’s Employee Handbook. 

 

Target:  

The Group aims to ensure all its employees comply with its Code of Conduct through: 

• 

adequate training and/or briefings to the employees on its conduct guidelines; and 

• 

effective investigation and corrective action on whistleblowing incidents. 

 

 

 

 





77%

23%

2020



Male



Female





79%

21%

2019



Employee Breakdown by Gender 















9%

37%

40%

10%

4%

2020



30 and below



above 30 to 40



above 40 to 50



above 50 to 60



above 60











11%

39%

36%

10% 4%

2019



Employee Breakdown by Age 


5 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Health safety and environment (“HSE”) for our workforce has been a key focus throughout our 

growth as a company. It is not only a fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a 

safe and healthy environment, but when our employees’ wellness is attained, our productivity 

increases, and we can provide the best for our customers. 

 

Our HSE Policy, applies to all employees and contractors, and focuses on prevention and 

compliance. We conduct safety risk assessments at all levels and across all operating 

locations. 

 

We have a HSE Committee to oversee the promotion of safety culture and practices in the 

workplace. Led by a member of our Management, the HSE Committee includes 

representatives from each functional department. Monthly meetings are held to discuss HSE 

related matters, including reviews of changes in regulatory requirements, outcomes of monthly 

safety inspection, results from regular risk assessments and the necessary preventive 

measures. The information is then disseminated by the HSE Committee members to their 

peers during their respective department meetings. All our employees are represented by the 

joint management-worker HSE Committee. Additionally, news and directives relating to HSE 

matters are communicated to all employees through emails and supervisor briefings.   

 

Our operations in Singapore have safety management systems in place. The certifications for 

bizSAFE STAR and ISO 45001 are in place. 

 

Health and safety trainings on aspects such as risk assessment, fire safety, and first aid are 

provided for all staff according to their job requirements. Both workshop-based and field staffs 

are sent for relevant risk management training sessions throughout the year and are 

familiarised with the latest safety frameworks. Specific programmes are provided for high-risk 

site engineers, where they learn how to work safely at heights and in confined spaces. 

Relevant employees who are nominated as First-Aiders will be given CPR+AED training. In 

addition, we conduct health talks and activities for all our employees regularly. 

 

We follow Ministry of Manpower (MOM)’s Workplace Safety and Health Guidelines to manage 

safety and health of our employees in shipyards and ships. One significant hazard that our 

field service engineers at shipyard or on-board vessels may be exposed to is high noise level. 

To prevent noise-induced deafness (NID), all engineers are required to use appropriate 

personal protection equipment at work. All our new engineers are required to go through 

audiometric tests, which are followed-up annually to monitor hearing and detect any symptoms 

of NID. 

 

We had no fatalities in FY2020 (FY2019 – zero). 

 

Our Accident Severity Rate (ASR) and Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) was 13.1 (FY2019 – 

nil) and 4.4 (FY2019 – nil) per million man-hours worked in FY2020, respectively. This was 

due to a single incident which resulted in an employee taking 3 days of leave to recover and 

considering the low base of man-hours clocked in FY2020, the rates are higher for FY2020, 

as compared to FY2019. The Management will continue to focus and ensure proper and 

adequate safety precautions at the workplace. 

 

 

 


6 

 

Target:  

The Group targets to continue to stress the importance of workplace safety and aim to post 

an AFR and ASR of zero in the upcoming years. 

 

 

GOVERNANCE AND REGULATORY 

 

The Group strives to comply with the best practices of good governance, guided by the 

Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”), throughout its operations to 

safeguard the interests of all stakeholders. The Group recognises that good corporate 

governance processes are essential for enhancing corporate sustainability. While the 

Company finalises its Annual Report for FY2020, the Group will continually be guided by the 

Code. 

 

• Risk Management 

 

An integral part of good corporate governance, a comprehensive risk management 

framework enables the Group to identify and manage risks in a systematic and consistent 

manner. In driving risk awareness, decision-making and business processes are put through 

prudent risk assessment. Fraud, corruption and economic value-added risks have been 

identified as material to ensure business sustainability. 

 

• Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The Whistle Blowing Policy adopted by the Board serves to provide an effective mechanism 

for employees and other stakeholders of the Group to raise concerns regarding any illegal 

conduct or malpractice. The policy also allows such concerns to be raised without being 

subject to victimization, harassment or discriminatory treatment, and ensures that such 

concerns are properly channelled to the right party for further investigation. Details of the 

Whistle Blowing Policy have been made available to all employees of the Group. 

 

• Dealings in Securities 

 

The Group’s Code of Conduct includes guidelines to directors and employees in the Group, 

which sets out prohibitions against dealings in the Company’s securities (i) while in 

possession of material unpublished price-sensitive information; and (ii) before each 

announcement of the Company's financial results. Prior to each announcement of the 

Company’s financial results, an email would be sent out as reminder to all directors and 

employees of the Group to inform them of the duration of the trading black-out period. 

 

Target:  

The Group will continue to comply with the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist, 

and the Code. 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Viking Offshore and Marine 

Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

FY2020 Sustainability Report 

(SR) page 1  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Will be set out in the FY2020 

Annual Report (AR) to be 

issued in due course 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 1 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR page 1 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

SR pages 3 to 4 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR page 1 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

We do not specifically 

address the precautionary 

approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Nil 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Nil 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision 

maker 

SR page 1 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour 

SR pages 1 to 2 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 2 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 2 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR page 2 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR page 2 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 3 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Will be set out in the AR to be 

issued in due course 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR page 1 


8 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 3 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable  

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes in 

reporting  

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR page 1 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

FY2019 Sustainability Report 

issued on 29 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the 

report 

SR page 1 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards 

SR page 1 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 7 to 8 

102-56 

External Assurance 

SR page 1 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

SR page 3 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks 

related to corruption 

SR page 6 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR pages 5 to 6 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR pages 3 to 4 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR page 6 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Viking Offshore and Marine Limited 

21 Kian Teck Road Singapore 628773 

Tel: (65) 6601 9500 

Fax: (65) 6601 9600 

Website: www.vikingom.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company's sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in 

accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.  

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the 

SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including 

the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, 

ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, 

telephone (65) 6636 4201. 



