
 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

2 

 

Table of Content 

 

About This Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

 

Reporting Standards and Scope 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

 

Key Reporting Principles 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

 

Feedback 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 

About Vividthree Holdings Ltd. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5 

 

Vividthree Values and Principles 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

 

Connecting with Local Talents 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

7 

 

Information of Subsidiary Companies 

 

 

 

 

 

7 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

8 

Sustainability Governance Structure  

 

 

 

 

 

8 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

9 

Materiality Assessment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Material Topics 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

 

Economic Performance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

 

Environmental Protection 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

 

Employment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

16 

 

Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17 

 

Intellectual Property Rights Protection 

 

 

 

 

 

18 

GRI Content Index 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19 

 

 

 

 


 

 

3 

 

About This Report 

It is our pleasure to present the second Sustainability Report of Vividthree Holdings 

Ltd (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Vividthree”). In 

this report, we examine the next phase of our sustainability journey by reviewing our 

sustainability strategies and initiatives. This report is prepared on a ‘comply or explain’ 

basis in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B and Practice Note 7F of Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) and is in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

– Core Option. 

The report summarises the sustainability practices and performance focusing on 

environment, social and governance (“ESG”) activities of Vividthree from 1 April 2019 

to 31 March 2020, which is in line with our financial year ended 31 March 2020 

(“FY2020”). The data and information provided within this report has not been verified 

by an independent third party and we have relied on internal verification for accuracy. 

GRI Reporting principles 

We have incorporated the following principles to develop a comprehensive report: 

 

Feedback 

In line with Vividthree’s efforts towards greater environmental conservation, paper 

copies of this sustainability report will not be printed. An electronic version of this report 

is made available on our corporate website, www.vividthreeholdings.com. A copy of 

this 

report 

is 

also 

made 

available 

on 

SGX-ST 

website, 

www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. 

 

 

• Focusing on issues that impact our business and are important to 

stakeholders.



Materiality

• Identification of Vividthree's key stakeholders and respond to their 

expectations and interests



Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

•Presenting Vividthree's performance from sustainability viewpoint



Sustainability Context

•Including all information that is of ESG impact to enable stakeholders to 

access the Group's performance



Completeness



We seek to continuously enhance the accuracy, completeness and coverage of our 



reporting and sustainability practices. We welcome your views, comments or 



feedback, which may be sent to 



contact@vividthree.com



 


 

 

4 

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Vividthree is committed to minimising our 

environmental impacts, growing sustainably, and inspiring others to take actions for 

the benefit of conserving and protecting the world we live in. We continue to strive to 

look beyond the ordinary and create the next generation of entertainment as well as 

maintaining an effective role in providing oversight to setting goals, reviewing and 

advising on overall strategies and directions. To accomplish this vision, we incorporate 

sustainability goals surrounding ESG factors as part of our strategic direction. 

In FY2020, we embarked on a series of collaborations and initiatives such as 

collaborations with established content creator, Darkbox Studio (“Darkbox”) and well-

known Korean webtoons pioneer Lezhin Comics to unveil the revolutionary Over-The-

Top (“OTT”) comic video platform. With OTT, we will be able to attain a new audience 

base, targeting not only comic enthusiasts but also tech-savvy millennials. 

Furthermore, with the acquisition of intellectual property (“IP”) rights in Darkbox, 

attaining rights to Darkbox’s Silent Horror which has accumulated a total of 90 million 

views on one of the most popular webcomic portal, Tapas, we are well on our way to 

widening our geographical footprints. In addition, we have recently entered into a 

Memorandum of Understanding to establish a joint venture with Quebec Leisure 

International Pte Ltd, the events and entertainment arm of NTUC Club to produce 

thematic experiential contents and events. This is going to allow us to be able to tap 

into the vast resources of both companies and expand our capabilities and capacities.  

Whilst we work on building our collaborative efforts, we are undoubtedly affected by 

the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic which has affected various sectors including the 

entertainment industry. With the closure of all physical entertainment venues including 

cinemas as part of a series of safe distancing measures, such as the introduction of 

various measures in Singapore, we expect COVID-19’s impact on our industry to 

continue into our next financial year. As a Group, we have initiated business continuity 

planning to protect our staff and mitigate the impact on the Group’s business 

operations, with film productions to continue with the necessary precautions in place. 

As the current COVID-19 situation continues to develop, we shall keep a close eye on 

our operations, and announce any material changes to our business performance to 

shareholders timely, as and when appropriate. 

Amidst the growing pandemic, we remain steadfast to deliver vast and diversified 

experiences in virtual reality and computer imagery. We value the interests and 

expectation of our stakeholders through continuous engagement and collaborations 

to create an immersive experience to our community.  

We look forward to sharing our achievements with you as we progress in our journey 

towards sustainability during these trying times.  

 

Board of Directors 

Vividthree Holdings Ltd.


 

 

5 

 

About Vividthree Holdings Ltd.  

Vividthree, founded in 2006, is a creative studio that produces content across different 

mediums and platforms with the principle for entertainment, learn and train. With a 

culmination of 14 years of work and listed on the SGX-ST Catalist board (SGX stock 

code: OMK) on 25 September 2018, headquartered in Singapore and together with a 

regional network in Malaysia and China as well as a team of digital specialists, we 

created content with storytelling, leveraged on cutting-edge technologies, including the 

genres of virtual reality (“VR”), augmented reality (“AR”), and mixed reality to develop 

bespoke multi-media experiences. Vividthree provides services for brands and trade 

that require quality content production, for a worldwide audience.  

Vividthree’s transformation from a private to public company has led the Group from 

a company with six employees to more than 40 employees by the end of FY2020, to 

facilitate our strategy to deepen our expertise in VR and explore opportunities to 

market our VR capabilities. We will keep our continued momentum in actively seeking 

more evergreen intellectual property products and constantly aim to maximise 

shareholders’ interests in the longer term. 

For more details, do visit us at http://www.vividthreeholdings.com.   

 


 

 

6 

 

Vividthree Values and Principles 

Our mission is to incorporate creative inputs to create the next generation of 

entertainment. We integrate creative elements in all aspect of our business operations. 

This includes offering our creative inputs and technological expertise in the areas of 

virtual reality, visual effects and computer generated imagery.  

Our vision is to become Asia's best immersive digital content producer, creating 

immersive and interactive experiences for consumers. We have a team of talented, 

committed and experienced management and staff who will lead us to achieve our 

vision. To become Asia’s best digital content producer, we will continue to source for 

new IP products which is vital for business expansion, as well as merger and 

acquisition opportunities while protecting the interests of our stakeholders.  

Vividthree produces stimulating and engaging content production in diverse formats in 

both digital and physical spaces, providing both online and offline live experiences. 

ComicVid is an online OTT platform that features animated comic from the best talents 

represented by Vividthree. With the accessibility to a wide network of IP, we are also 

able to create live thematic experience that is flavoured with impressive multimedia 

treatment. Some examples of such creations are The Train to Busan Virtual Reality 

Thematic Experience, Escape Room and Horror House. While focusing on expanding 

our business, we adhere strictly to a sustainable business practice and also ensure 

our business partners to adhere to our requirements in relation to our projects and 

business conduct standards.  

Connecting with Local Talents 

Our management believes that local talents in post-production work are vital in 

developing the local film industry and focused on grooming the next generation of 

talents. We host industrial sharing sessions with the young generation to provide them 

with valuable insights and knowledge of the industry that is not within the coverage of 

their textbooks. In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have also moved our sharing 

sessions online to facilitate our local audiences.  

 

 


 

 

7 

 

Group Structure (as at 12 July 2020) 

 

 

Information of Subsidiary Companies 

Vividthree Holdings Ltd.

Vividthree Co., Ltd.

(蔚视丰隆文化发展

(上海)有限公司)

(100%)

Vividthree Productions 

Pte. Ltd. (100%)

Vividthree Productions 

Sdn. Bhd. (100%)

V&amp;N Entertainment Pte 

Ltd (55%)

•Motion picture, video and television programme post-

production, and content production activities

•Incorporated in Singapore

Vividthree Productions 

Pte. Ltd.

•Motion picture, video and television programme post-

production activities

•Incorporated in Malaysia

Vividthree Productions 

Sdn. Bhd.

•Motion picture, video and television programme post-

production activities

•Incorporated in China

Vividthree Co., Ltd.

(蔚视丰隆文化发展

(上海)有限公司)

•Event management 

•Incorporated in Singapore

V&amp;N Entertainment Pte 

Ltd


 

 

8 

 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

The Board remains committed to building on the efforts in sustainability and progress 

made by the Group in the previous year. The Board continues to maintain an effective 

role in providing oversight to setting goals, reviewing and advising on overall strategies 

and directions. The Board oversees the management and monitoring of ESG factors 

highlighted in the Sustainability Report to ensure that the objectives are in line with the 

commitments to sustainable development. 

Board committees consisting of Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, and 

Remuneration Committee were formed to support our Board in executing its 

responsibilities and ensuring good corporate governance. 

 

 



Our Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success 

and sustainability of the Group and ensuring effective integration 

of ESG initiatives into the Group's business operations.



Our Board Committees will implement sustainability initiatives 

and operate within the defined terms of reference while 

supporting our Board in ensuring good corporate governance 

within the Group.



Business Units implement initiatives cascaded from our Board 

and ensure consistent approach across the Group.



THE 



BOARD 



BUSINESS 



UNITS 



BOARD 



COMMITTEES 


 

 

9 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Vividthree recognises the need to continuously develop our responsible business 

approach in order to address growing stakeholder expectations. Hence, a two-way 

engagement with our six key stakeholder groups to understand their concerns and 

interests is of utmost importance to us. As such, we periodically engage with our 

stakeholders to assess the issues that are most relevant to them and Vividthree on an 

ongoing basis.  

The table below outlines our approach on stakeholders’ engagement. 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Mode of 

Engagement 

Stakeholders’ 

Expectations 

Frequency 

Investors 

Annual meetings, 

periodic media 

release and circulars 

to shareholders, 

periodic SGX 

announcements 

To ensure 

profitability, 

transparency, timely 

reporting and fair 

purchasing 

practices 

Annual meeting, 

on regular basis as 

required 

Customers 

Online platform, 

enquiry and feedback 

channel, customer 

service hotlines, 

periodic business 

networking 

To provide excellent 

promised products or 

services relating to 

visual and content 

production to the 

consumers 

On-going, on 

regular basis as 

required 

Employees 

Orientation 

programme, 

performance and 

career development 

reviews 

To provide staff 

welfare, competitive 

remuneration 

package, efficient 

software program and 

platform 

Annual review and 

gathering 

Business 

Partners 

Face-to-face 

meetings, calls and 

email 

correspondences 

To continuously seek 

collaborations and 

acquire IP rights for 

expansion of VR tour 

show 

On-going, on ad 

hoc basis 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

Discussions with 

government agencies 

and regulators 

To ensure 

compliance with 

regulations, timely 

reporting and 

resolution of issues 

On-going, on 

regular basis as 

required 

Local 

Community 

Feedback channels 

and community 

development 

initiatives 

To address 

community’s needs 

by creating more 

virtual immersive 

experience 

Once a year, as 

required 

 


 

 

10 

 

Materiality Assessment 

Our sustainability approach is to determine if the factors assessed have a potential 

impact on the economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. 

Vividthree has identified material topics based on the GRI framework and the degree 

of significance on our stakeholders. After gaining insightful feedback from our 

stakeholders, we believe the below six factors are material and should be prioritised. 

These topics and their corresponding policy, performance, commitments and targets 

will continue to be reviewed periodically.  

 

Key topics will be reviewed annually after taking into consideration business goals and 

feedback gathered from our stakeholders. The material topics selected are as follows: 

1. 

Economic Performance - Our economic performance and value generated 

during the financial year. 

 

2. 

Energy Management – Our effort to optimise consumption and management 

of energy for our business operation. 

 

3. 

Employment – Our fair employment practices to attract, retain and develop our 

talents for all our business segments. 

 

4. 

Corporate Governance - Our policies and practices in place to uphold good 

corporate governance, including conflict of interest and whistle-blowing policies 

in the Group.   

 

5. 

Compliance – Our compliance to relevant and key laws and regulations. 

 

6. 

Intellectual Property Rights Protection – Our policies and measures to 

manage intellectual property related matters for the Company and the Group.

Economic 

Performance 

Energy

Management

Employment

Corporate 

Governance 

Compliance

Intellectual 

Property Rights 

Protection

0

0.5

1

1.5

2

2.5

3

3.5

4

4.5

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

Influence on stakeholders 

assessments and decisions

Significance of economic, environmental and social impacts


 

 

11 

 

Material Topics 

Economic Performance 

 

 

 

In view of the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the Group faced a slowdown in its 

commercial activities due to the travel restrictions and control measures in placed in 

the countries which the Company operates in with most of the projects in the Content 

Production segment being rescheduled. This had negatively affected our revenue for 

FY2020. The Singapore Government has implemented several support schemes for 

businesses amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. As these support schemes are related to 

the next reporting period, we will disclose the supports that the Group has received in 

the next report. In FY2020, the Group received approximately S$59,000 from regular 

government grants which include wages credit scheme, temporary employment credit, 

special government credit and government-paid maternity/ paternity leave.  

Considering the current situation, the Group remains cautiously optimistic and sees 

the importance of investing in new IPs and technologies when the opportunities arise 

to enhance and create new platforms such as the Group's OTT platform ComicVid. 

Digital technology is reshaping the world around us and Vividthree will leverage our 

strengths in digital media technology to enable the transformation. These technologies 

have also lessened the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business and placed us 

in an optimal position from the eventual recovery and reopening of the economy.  



7.06

4.60

2.71

9.28

6.48

3.27

6.14

2.05

-0.76

-2

0

2

4

6

8

10

Revenue

Gross profit

Net profit/(net loss)

S$' MILLION

Revenue and Profits

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020


 

 

12 

 

Economic Performance (Cont’d) 

  

 

Post-production segment has seen a growth in revenue of approximately $0.99 million, 

from $2.53 million in FY2019, to $3.52 million in FY2020. The increase was mainly 

due to completion of larger scale projects of which included a short animation series 

and a few post-production movie projects during second half of FY2020. 

Notwithstanding the above, Content Production segment’s activities have been greatly 

affected since the beginning of 4QFY2020 largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic in  

China and Southeast Asia with travel restrictions and safe social distancing measures 

across the region. As a result, revenue from Content Production segment declined by 

approximately $4.13 million or 61.2%, from $6.75 million in FY2019 to $2.62 million in 

FY2020. 

Noting all the challenges during the year, Vividthree has met our target set in previous 

report in relation to looking for merger and acquisition opportunities, as well as 

exploring new IP products to expand our Post-production and Content Production line 

of services. We have acquired three new titles in our IP portfolio in FY2020, including 

the popular supernatural horror webcomic IP. The Group has also entered into a 

Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with Animation International Ltd in August 

2019 to collaborate and develop the Doraemon Experience Show.  

Target for subsequent reporting: 

Vividthree will continue to strengthen our twin pillar of Content Production segment 

and Post-production segment for future development and expansion. Going forward, 

the Group will continue expanding our technological capabilities in VR and AR with the 

aim to providing a more extensive service offerings to our clients and prospective 

clients, by incorporating elements of VR and AR to enhance the immersive experience 

to audience. As the world is reshaping with the help of digital technologies, we will 

4.20

6.75

2.62

2.86

2.53

3.52

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Revenue by Segments (S$' million)

Post-production

Content production


 

 

13 

 

attempt to leverage on our advances in this area of technologies to improve on our 

future projects and collaborations.   

 

Environmental Protection 

As the world is becoming increasingly aware about the environment and informed 

about energy consumption and its negative impact on our environment, we keep a 

lookout on improvements where we could incorporate energy efficiency into our daily 

operations.  

 

Energy Management 

 

We consume energy as we carry out our daily operations, from post-production, 

graphic design and to the development and production of VR products, and our main 

energy consumed is purchased electricity. To minimise our footprint in carbon 

emissions, we have put in place energy saving initiatives in our corporate head office. 

Switching to LED lighting 

LED is a high energy efficient lighting technology and it uses significantly less 

electricity and can last longer. Therefore, one of such initiatives is the introduction of 

energy efficient LED lights to replace conventional lighting. 

Maintaining air-conditioning temperature 

Employees are encouraged to fix the air-conditioning temperature at 25-27°C to 

reduce the electricity consumption. Our air-conditioner units are also regularly 

maintained and that the filter is either replaced or cleaned for optimal efficiency, thus 

reducing consumption.  

Performance 

We have been constantly reviewing our goals set for the previous year and promoting 

the abovementioned energy saving initiatives and monitoring our electricity 

consumption. We recorded a notable drop of 16,446 kWh or approximately 10% in 

electricity consumption in FY2020 as compared to FY2019. This represents a 

decrease of 1,370 kWh in consumption of electricity per month and this is likely 

attributed to the energy saving initiatives that the Group has been promoting. 

 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Electricity consumption (kWh) 

165,079 

148,633 






 

 

14 

 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

We strive to maintain current level of electricity consumption based on current scale 

of operations and continue to explore for different alternatives which may allow us to 

further reduce our consumption of electricity, bringing us cost savings as well as 

reducing our carbon footprint.  

 

Employment  

 

Vividthree is committed to developing our employees and we believe in building the 

capabilities of our employees which allows us to retain our competitive edge and 

enhance our branding. We have cultivated a learning culture where our employees will 

feel valued, motivated and confident thus enhance overall performance and 

productivity and improving employee retention.  

We recognise the need for talent attraction and retention within our industry as 

dynamic and innovative individuals are important in propelling us to excellence.  

Talent recruitment and retention  

The success of our Group is highly dependent on the expertise and management of 

our employees as well as the creative skillsets requisite to content production and 

virtual reality technology.   

We manage our human capital investment by attracting and nurturing talent, as well 

as consistently engaging our employees in training programs to keep them abreast 

with technology advancements. 

We put in place workplace practices which include fair employment practices, open 

communication and encourage feedback to improve working experience amongst our 

employees.  

Work-life balance 

We strongly believe that work-life balance is an important aspect of a healthy work 

environment and that it helps our employees to reduce stress and prevent burnout at 

work. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, we offer flexible work and leave scheduling 

and have regular team dinners and activities during festive seasons and leisure 

activities which help promote team cohesiveness. Currently amidst the pandemic 

situation, we do have regular online team meetings for work purposes as well as 

interactions among the team members.  

Equal opportunity 

Vividthree practices fair employment and is aligned with Singapore Tripartite Alliance 

for Fair Employment guidelines. We encourage fair employment practices and 

principles and support diversity, equality and non-discrimination in our workforce. 

Talents are recruited regardless of gender, race, marital status or age as we believe 

all our employees should be treated fairly and be respected.




 

 

15 

 

Additionally, we also ensure compliance with employment laws and regulations 

relating to non-discrimination for dismissals.  

In line with above-mentioned principles, we strive to maintain gender diversity in the 

workplace.  

The tables below show the statistics of the employees in the Group. 

Employees by gender 

 

FY20191 

FY2020 

Male 

30 

33 

Female 

17 

16 

 

Employees by function 

 

FY20191 

FY2020 

Management 

5 

5 

Production Staff 

34 

37 

Operation Staff 

8 

7 

 

Employees by age group 

 

FY20191 

FY2020 

Below 30 years old 

23 

25 

31 to 40 years old 

15 

17 

41 to 55 years old 

9 

7 

 

Although there had been a larger difference between the genders in FY2020, our job 

postings are always open to all gender and selection of applicants are based on 

credentials, skillset equipped and interview performance of potential candidates, 

rather than gender. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic situation remains uncertain, the Group has implemented 

strict measures in terms of operational discipline to ensure the safety of our staff. We 

have imposed a freeze on travel, safe distancing measures in office premises and the 

mandatory wearing of masks for all employees. 

During FY2020, we are proud to highlight that there was zero incident of discrimination 

recorded by the Group.   

 

Target for subsequent reporting:  

We provide equal opportunities to all employees without discrimination. We believe 

that promoting a fair and fun workplace environment will build the employee’s respect 

and loyalty towards the Company. We will continue to maintain our non-discrimination 

workplace culture and strive to maintain zero incident of discrimination in the upcoming 

year. 

 

_____________ 

1 Certain employee data in FY2019 has been reclassified/ restated for accuracy. 


 

 

16 

 

Corporate Governance   

 

We are firmly committed to putting in place appropriate corporate governance policies 

to achieve the objective of financial integrity, organisational credibility and investor 

confidence. Vividthree is committed to good corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency in all our endeavours. We observe a high standard of corporate conduct 

and have established corporate policies and sound risk management and internal 

control systems as a safeguard.  

The following policies have aided our employees to maintain a high standard of 

integrity in all business dealings.  

Conflict of Interest Policy 

The Group continues to maintain a culture of keeping out corruption and dishonest 

behaviour. We make sure that our conflict of interest policy is made available to all 

employees to facilitate the management of any potential conflict of interest. The Audit 

Committee is responsible for reviewing conflict of interests and to resolve or mitigate 

any potential conflicts of interest. In FY2020, all staff have completed the declaration 

of conflict of interest and there was no conflict of interest declared. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Group has zero tolerance towards dishonesty and corrupt practices and thus has 

formalised and implemented a whistle-blowing policy. Whistle-blowers can report in 

confidence through a whistle-blowing channel set up for any suspected misconduct. 

Information received pertaining to the whistle blowing will be treated with confidentiality 

and restricted to the designated personnel-in-charge of the investigation to protect the 

identity of the whistle-blowers.  

In FY2020, there were no reported cases of whistleblowing and confirmed cases of 

corruption and actions taken against our management or employees.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Going forward, we will continue to monitor the compliance on law and regulations and 

to achieve zero reported incident of fraud.  

 




 

 

17 

 

Compliance    

To maintain a fair, ethical and efficient business and working environment, the Group 

strictly observes the adherence to the local laws and regulations, especially 

regulations relating to censorship and classification and filming licenses and approvals. 

Censorship and classification  

As the scope of our services may include conceptualising and developing creative 

input, as well as script development and/or storyboarding, we are mindful of the local 

censorship and classification regulations and guidelines as well as our clients’ desired 

classification rating for the movie or video. In Singapore, except for certain categories, 

all movies, videos and video games distributed and exhibited must be submitted for 

classification and certification under the Films Act (Chapter 107) of Singapore. In 

Malaysia, we observe relevant regulations such as film-producing and shooting 

licensing requirements imposed by the National Firm Development Corporation 

Malaysia (“FINAS”) for our services in relation to television commercial advertisements.    

Filming licenses and approvals 

We are required to apply for and obtain the necessary licences and approvals for 

filming in a location from the relevant government authorities or property owners on a 

per project basis, depending on the filming requirements of each project. Facilitation 

letters can be obtained from the local authority such as the Infocomm Media 

Development Authority in Singapore, to assist in obtaining location clearances.  

Tapping on our experienced team with extensive relevant knowledge, we are aware 

of the relevant approvals and location clearances required for every filming and will 

obtain the necessary approvals and clearances before the commencement of each 

project.  

In FY2020, there were no reported cases of non-compliance with the local laws and 

regulations.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Going forward, we will institute the importance of compliance with laws and regulations 

in our daily operations, continue to monitor the updates and compliance with laws and 

regulations, and to achieve zero incident of reported non-compliance.  

 


 

 

18 

 

Intellectual Property Rights Protection  

As we are a virtual reality, visual effects and computer-generated imagery studio that 

develops and creates digital intellectual property assets, Vividthree rely on a 

combination of copyrights and trademarks, as well as contractual protection, to 

establish and protect our intellectual property rights. In addition, we have included 

confidentiality provisions in our employment agreements with our staff. Due to the 

importance of managing our Group’s intellectual property rights, we have a dedicated 

corporate business development team to handle intellectual property related matters. 

Our Group has the right to use the following intellectual property: 

Copyrights 

 

The Group owns the copyrights in the visual elements, character storylines and 

synopses that we create for our virtual reality products, depending on the licensing 

agreement. 

Trademarks 

 

We have registered the “Vividthree Productions” trademark in Singapore, Malaysia, 

China, Thailand and Philippines.   

Domain Name 

We maintain a list of Domain Names owned by the Group. We conduct periodic review 

on the list to ensure Domain Names owned by the Group are completely recorded 

along with our Group’s development. Due to the nature of the business, we are aware 

that we are highly exposed to risks of infringement of Intellectual Property Rights. 

There is also no assurance that we will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of 

third parties in the future. However, we believe that by registering our trademarks and 

copyrights, it will significantly help to reduce this risk.  

In FY2020, there were no reported cases of infringement of Intellectual Property Rights 

made against the Group.  

Target for subsequent reporting:  

Going forward, we will continue to have our team of corporate business development 

to monitor our intellectual property rights, the registration of trademarks in the 

respective countries, and also to ensure that we do not commit to any infringement of 

third parties’ rights.  

 

 

 






 

 

19 

 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; 

Remarks 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Pg. 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg. 4 &amp; 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Pg. 5 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Pg. 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2020 - 

Statistic 

of 

Shareholdings 

102-6 

Markets served 

Pg. 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Pg. 5, 7, 11 &amp; 15  

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Pg. 14 &amp; 15 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Pg. 5 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain 

No changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Singapore Code of 

Corporate 

Governance 

and 

Singapore Financial 

Reporting Standards 

(International) 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Not applicable 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Pg. 4 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour 

Pg. 6 

102-18 

Governance Structure 

Pg. 8 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Pg. 9 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg. 9 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg. 9 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg. 10 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual Report 2020 

– 

Investments 

in 

Subsidiaries 

102-46 

Defining 

report 

content 

and 

topic 

boundaries 

Pg. 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Pg. 10 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Pg. 15 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Pg. 3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

30 March 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 


 

 

20 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; 

Remarks 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Pg. 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Pg. 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Pg. 19 &amp; 20 

102-56 

External assurance 

Pg. 3 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Pg. 10 to 18 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Pg. 8 to 10 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg. 8 to 10 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Pg. 11 &amp; 12 

201-4 

Financial 

assistance 

received 

from 

government 

Pg.11 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Pg. 16 

302-1 

Energy 

consumption 

within 

the 

organisation 

Pg. 13 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Pg. 13 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Pg. 15 

 

