
1 

 

 

(Singapore Company Registration Number: 198402850E) 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability) 

 (Hong Kong Stock Code: 1570) 

(Singapore Stock Code: BMA) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

Weiye Holdings Limited Sustainability Report  

 

 

Introduction 

 

We are pleased to present our first sustainability report (the “Report”) of Weiye Holdings 

Limited (“Weiye”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”).  

 

This report sets out our commitments, governance and policies in respect of managing the 

environmental and social impacts of the Group during the financial year ended 31 

December 2016.  

 

 

Company Background  

 

Weiye was founded in October 1999 and registered in Henan Province, China (one of China’s 

most populous and economically fast-growing provinces). The Group mainly conducts 

business in property development. Since 2009, the Real Estate Industry in China has been 

developing rapidly, the Group has expanded its property development business into China’s 

tourist spot, Hainan and Economic Development Zone Pearl River Delta, Shenzhen. At the 

same time, Weiye has been actively exploring market opportunities in the Jing-jin-ji Region 

and the Yangtze River Delta Region. The Group has become a specialized company that 

focuses mainly on Real Estate Investment and Development. Since its inception, the Group 

has been using various operating models to enter key domestic cities. The five main 

development operation models include integrated development model, joint venture model, 

joint development model, project management model and first-level and second-level 

linkage development model. Besides property development, the Group actively advocates 

and promotes the concept of environmental protection, bringing world-class air purification 

technology and products into our development projects and making efforts to build Green 




2 

 

and Environmental Friendly Real Estate. The Group will uphold the development concept of 

standardisation, efficiency and effectiveness and commit to become an influential company 

in China.  

 

The Group was listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited on 16 August 2011 and dual primary listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange 

of Hong Kong Limited on 6 April 2016.  

 

 

Our Sustainability Governance  

 

The Group’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) is responsible for the Report, which is aligned 

to the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited’s (“HKEX”) 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide.  

 

The Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) comprises of senior management 

representation across the Group’s divisions and regions, and reports to the Board on 

sustainability matters. The SSC seeks to develop the Group’s sustainability objectives, 

review the Group’s sustainability policies and practices and manage and monitor the 

Group’s ESG performance. We strongly believe in the value of the tone from the top, and all 

significant decisions in relation to environmental and social matters are deliberated by the 

Board and the SSC. This leadership drives the organisational commitment to our 

sustainability strategy and allows for sustainability to be integrated into our daily business 

operations. The Group has robust policies and practices such as our unique Management 

Approach Policy, the Roles and Responsibilities Management Policy, the Monitoring Audit 

System and the Project Development Standards in place to ensure accountability and 

transparency of the governance structure. The Roles and Responsibilities Management 

Policy was developed in 2017 to define the power relations of all levels of the Group in line 

with the Group’s 2016 organisational reform programme and management needs. 

Responsibilities are clearly assigned and formal business approval procedures and regular 

business and specific audits are set to guide and monitor all key business decisions making 

process and business operations.  The Project Development Standards were developed to 

clarify the project scope and standardisation, to improve the project efficiency and increase 

the risk awareness. To ensure the accuracy on implementing internal policies and standards, 

the Monitoring Audit System was developed to standardise the compliance monitoring and 

auditing process, and to prevent the operational risk of every business unit. 

 

 

Our Sustainability Strategy 

 

As a leading premium property developer in Henan and Hainan, China, we understand that 

sustained business growth in the longer term is closely tied to responsible business practices, 

including environmental and social practices. While we work towards meeting the 

increasing demand of residence and holiday homes in these fast-growing provinces, we are 

at the same time committed to creating environment-friendly and healthy living 

environments that will benefit our customers, contribute to our communities and enhance 

our reputation.  


3 

 

 

Our efforts to engage with stakeholders across the Group and to manage our supply chain 

contribute significantly to our objective of continuing compliance with relevant legal and 

regulatory requirements on environmental and social matters in our locations of operations. 

We believe that our proactive approach allows us to be better positioned in anticipation of 

upcoming environmental and social risks and opportunities. We hope to continuously refine 

and improve in our environmental and social management and performance so as to 

positively contribute to our overall business growth.  

 

 

Our Report Scope  

 

This report discloses information on the 11 prescribed aspects by HKEX ESG Guide relating 

to the Group’s core business activities in Property Development, Housing Construction and 

Project Management in both Hainan and Henan provinces. The Group intends to perform an 

assessment in the following financial year with relevant stakeholders to validate the 

materiality of these aspects to the Group.  

 

In determining the scope of this report, we have included entities which either contribute 

significantly to the Group’s revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2016, or for 

which the Group has operational control. 

 

The entities covered in this report are: 

 

Hainan Province 

Henan Province 

• 

Weiye Holdings Hainan Real Estate Co., 

Ltd 

• 

Hainan Zhongfang Investment Holdings 

Company Limited 

• 

Wanning Yingde Property Co., Ltd 

• 

Tunchang Hongji Weiye Property 

Development Co., Ltd. 

• 

Tunchang Yajing Property Co., Ltd. 

• 

Henan Weiye Construction Development 

Group Co., Ltd. 

• 

Henan Tiandao Assets Management Co., 

Ltd. 

• 

Henan Huibang Property Co., Ltd 

• 

Henan Xingwei Property Co., Ltd 

• 

Xinxiang Weiye Property Co., Ltd. 

 

 

The 11 prescribed aspects by HKEX ESG Guide which will be described in this report are:  

 

Environment 

Social 

1. Emissions 

2. Use of resources 

3. The environment and natural 

resources 

4. Employment 

5. Health and safety 

6. Development and training 

7. Labour standards 

8. Supply chain management 

9. Product responsibility 

10. 

Anti-corruption 

11. 

Community investment 


4 

 

Emissions 

 

Recognising the importance of the environmental impact of the Group’s business activities, 

we are committed to adopt high environmental standards and upholds the principle to 

strictly follow all relevant laws and regulations relating to environmental management in 

the operation of our businesses. The key measures taken by the Group on sewage 

discharges, waste management and dust control include precipitation of sewage before 

discharging; sorting, recycling and proper disposal of construction waste; and use of wet 

trade work for construction to reduce dust. Staff working on sites are given training on 

implementing these measures.  

 

The Group’s construction and domestic sewage discharges are in compliance with the 

Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard and local regulations, such as the Construction 

Site Standard of Safety and Civilisation of Henan Province. We ensure that both construction 

and domestic sewage water are precipitated before discharging to the municipal 

wastewater pipes.   

 

To manage construction waste, the Group ensures that it is disposed in a timely and 

environmentally responsible manner and recycled where possible. Construction waste on 

site is classified and respective control measures are set up to manage the different types of 

waste. Construction waste is placed separately at specific garbage storage sheds to avoid 

dust and waste is removed out of the construction site on a regular basis based on the 

quantity collected.  Transportation permission is needed to clear the construction waste. All 

waste transport vehicles are fully covered by cloth after being loaded to prevent spills and 

dusts creation during transportation. In addition, car wash facilities are set at entrances to 

ensure all vehicles are 100% cleaned entering or exiting the construction site. To reduce as 

much solid waste as possible during the construction process, usable construction waste are 

tracked, collected and recycled. The Group’s waste management is compliant with 

Construction Site Standard of Safety and Civilisation of Henan Province. 

 

The Group also controls the dust and gas emissions to ensure that they do not exceed the 

boundary of relevant regulations. We use wet trade work for earthwork construction, spray 

water to reduce dust and cover the work site with dust filters. The Group is also in 

compliance with the dust prevention and control rules of the Ministry of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development in Henan Province. 

 

During the year, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land and 

generation of waste based on the Group’s best knowledge. 

 

 

Use of Resources 

 

The Group actively incorporates environmentally friendly features in our construction 

projects to ensure efficient use of resources. The Group’s construction of properties in 

Henan Province follow the Henan Province Energy Efficiency Design Standard for Residential 

Building and Public Building and the Construction Site Standard of Safety and Civilisation of 


5 

 

Henan Province. Examples of energy saving features include the use of commercial concrete, 

energy-saving aerated blocks, aerated concrete and other lightweight partition materials, 

external wall insulation and thermal broken bridge Aluminium windows. Moreover, we 

adopt numerous practices to enhance water usage efficiency. Examples of these practices 

include drawing the layout of water usage in construction sites to ensure water sources are 

clearly identified and controlled; planning and designing the water supply network for 

construction and fire control based on water consumption; at the same time prevent 

leakage from water pipes and equipment. We have set up recycle pools for the water used 

for washing machines, equipment, and vehicles. We also put emphasis on providing special 

control, adopting new materials or processes to increase the water use efficiency for high 

water demand procedures, such as concrete curing, mortar mixing, fire control water 

storage, plastering or other wet trade work.  

 

Our Henan XinXiang Project participated in the 2016 Green Environmental Residence 

Programme organised by the Henan Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Department and 

obtained the Certification in Green Building Evaluation Label (Two Star).  

 

To promote a green environment protection and conservation corporate culture, the Group 

has developed the Office Supplies Management Policy. At the Group’s offices, we maintain a 

policy of reduce, recycle and reuse of materials to reduce wastage of resources. Procedures 

are developed on a needs basis and set out for the sourcing, purchasing, monitoring and 

distributing of office supplies. 

 

In addition, according to the Employee Basic Behaviour Standard, the Group encourages 

reduction of electricity and water consumption by ensuring all facilities are switched off 

after work and save office supplies by using double-sided printing and reusing waste papers 

to minimise paper wastage.  

 

 

The Environment and Natural Resources 

 

The Group is in compliance with the noise emission standards of the Noise Limits for 

Construction Site by controlling the daytime noise level on site within the noise emission 

limit of GB12523—90 Noise Limits for Construction Site and following the GB12524—90 

Noise Measurement for Construction Site to measure the noise level on site. The Group also 

complies with the Construction Site Standard of Safety and Civilisation of Henan Province. 

We reduce the nuisance of noise to the surrounding environment during construction 

through covering the exterior of the buildings under construction with dense meshes. 

We demonstrate our continuous efforts in minimising any potential negative environmental 

impact through conducting regular test for all incoming materials; radon concentration level 

test for soil; indoor environment test before completion and environmental analysis; and 

issuing environmental assessment reports. In addition, the Group also complies with the 

Regulation on the Quality Management of Construction Projects and the Code for Indoor 

Environmental Pollution Control of Civil Building Engineering. 

 

 

 


6 

 

Employment 

 

Employees are one of the Group’s key assets that contribute to the Group’s growth and 

success. In order to recruit, motivate and retain talents in an open, fair and just manner and 

comply with the relevant Labour laws and regulations such as the Labour Law and the 

Labour Contract Law, the Group sets up relevant policies and arrangements for employees 

such as the Remuneration and Benefit Policy, the Award and Penalty Policy, the Recruitment 

and Allocation Management Policy and the Employee Promotion Management Policy.  

 

The Remuneration and Benefit Policy follows a fair and motivational principle of providing 

employee with rewards based on positive contributions, appraisals and performance. The 

policy sets out details on the remuneration and benefit categories, structure, calculations 

and release. In addition, the Award and Penalty Policy is designed to implement strict and 

impartial rewards and penalty system and create a positive work environment through 

encouraging and recognising positive behavior and contributions with administrative or 

financial rewards.  

 

The Recruitment and Allocation Management Policy and the Employee Promotion 

Management Policy were developed to meet the Group’s strategic development needs, 

establish high-quality workforce, optimize talent allocation, improve talent selection and 

stimulate work motivation. These policies also help to maintain the legitimate rights and 

interests of the Group and employee and establish a stable and harmonious labour relations. 

Examples of the Group’s recruitment, allocation and promotion management practices 

include providing opportunities for internal staff rotation and promotion, using diversified 

recruitment channels to source external staff, developing stringent interview and probation 

requirements, conducting background checks and recruitment evaluation to ensure equal 

opportunities and non-discrimination during the hiring and promotion process. The Group 

has also set out clear procedures on reemployment arrangement and employee transfer 

process.  

 

To actively cultivate integrity and professional ethical behavior within the Group, the Group 

also set up various policies and initiatives including the Employee Basic Behavior Standard 

and Employee Handbook. For example, there is regular supervision and inspection of staff 

behavior and work to ensure compliance with all rules, regulations and management 

requirements. Staff is discouraged to lie, slander, defame, bride and use their position to 

seek personal economic benefits. Employee who misbehaves or misconducts would receive 

warning or penalty as set in the Group’s Award and Penalty Policy. Moreover, staff 

compensation and personnel information are kept confidential to protect the privacy of 

employees.  

 

The Group strives to provide competitive compensation and benefits to reward and 

motivate our employees based on their ability, performance, contribution and experience. 

The Group has developed the Staff Attendance Policy and the Employee Holiday 

Management Policy to communicate procedures, leave and allowance relating to overtime, 

injury, sickness, study, marriage, maternity, paternity and bereavement. These policies 

strengthen the management of labour discipline and staff attendance. The Group strictly 

follows relevant laws and regulations in the provision of the benefits and welfare such as 


7 

 

the minimum wage requirements in the respective provinces, government regulations on 

pension insurance, medical insurance, maternity insurance, unemployment insurance, work 

injury insurance and housing provident fund as well as requirements and guidance on 

medical expenses reimbursement, disability rating, employee paid annual leave and injury 

leave salary and benefits, etc.  

 

During the year, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations relating to the aforementioned aspects of employment based on the Group’s 

best knowledge. 

 

 

Health and Safety 

 

The Group prioritises the health, safety and the well-being of our employees and 

stakeholders linked to our operations. We continuously works on improving the working 

condition and building a clean and safe environment for our staff and stakeholders through 

following our Office Environment, Office Order and Safety Management Policy, which 

enables monitoring and timely management in cases of non-compliance with the relevant 

safety laws and regulations in China. During the year, there were no incidents of non-

compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating to health and safety based on the 

Group’s best knowledge.  

 

The Group conducts daily office safety inspection relating to facilities such as electricity and 

windows, which involves safety inspectors with inspection forms and reports documented 

to oversee office safety matters. In order to prevent fires, the Group arranges regular safety 

check of wires and electrical equipment and provides fire emergency training to staff to 

raise awareness. The Group also outsources the daily cleaning to ensure the cleanliness of 

the office areas and installs fresh air and air purifying systems for offices and residences in 

haze affected cities to ensure the comfort and safety of the workplace and living 

environment. 

 

Furthermore, the staff has the responsibilities to adhere to the behavioural guidelines and 

ensure environmental hygiene and their own safety at work. Staff responsibilities include 

keeping the office clean, cleaning up in time, no spitting, littering and smoking in office 

areas, following guidelines for office key use, following procedures for managing flammable, 

explosive and dangerous objects, no burning of waste papers in office and reporting of 

suspicious persons and incidents to Human Resources. Persons failing to adhere to these 

guidelines or responsible for causing any safety issues will be fined or punished accordingly.  

 

Besides providing employee with the benefits required by the government, we also provide 

each employee with employer liability insurance and annual health check-up.  

 

 

Development and Training  

 

The Group offers a development platform to allow staff to grow both professionally and 

personally. The Group has developed a Training Management Policy to implement this 


8 

 

employee empowerment strategy and explains our commitment to enhance employee 

overall quality and capabilities, build high performance teams, create a good learning 

environment and strengthen the Group’s core competitiveness. The Group offers different 

types and levels of training for staff including theory/concept, management skills, business 

skills, tools and others based on their needs. Trainings may be in the form of internal 

training, external training, on-the-job training, visits or outward bound training. To equip 

new hires with relevant skills and knowledge, the Group offers pre-post training and 

mentoring programme for new employees. Training attendance is recorded and training 

evaluation is conducted to further improve and customise the trainings. The Group also 

encourages staff’s self-learning and continuing education and provide training award and 

allowance for staff to obtain professional qualification certificate and title certificate, attend 

external training and pursue further education. In the area of environmental and social 

management, every year during the two to three Group’s Senior Management Trainings will 

comprise of trainings related to subjects including environmental management, 

employment, health and safety and corporate governance issues.  

 

Besides training, the Group also encourages vertical and horizontal mobility within the 

Group for staff career development through promotion based on performance and 

experience. Moreover, the Group implements the Democratic Life Meeting Policy which 

comprises of principles, organisation format and rules of Democratic Life Meetings to 

enable open and frank feedback on individual performance.  

 

 

Labour Standards  

 

Integrity is one of the Group’s key business philosophies and we comply with the stringent 

recruitment procedures to maintain our reputation as an ethical employer. We will not 

tolerate any use of child or forced labour. All our employment contracts strictly follow the 

Labour Law and the Labour Contract Law. The Group did not have any reported incidents on 

child or forced labour during the year.  

 

 

Supply Chain Management  

 

The Group works with a wide range of suppliers, partners and contractors and we always 

aim to exert a positive influence on our supply chain and drive improvements in their 

performance and impacts. The Group follows the Procurement Management Policy to 

choose suppliers and contractors. Our management conducts quarterly performance 

evaluation for each supplier and contractor. Qualified suppliers and contractors with 

positive performance assessment results, are recorded in our database and will be our 

prioritised choices for future contracts. By standardizing the bidding and purchasing flow, 

the bidding management and risk prevention will be able to improve, thus increasing the 

work efficiency and the quality of recruitment of suppliers and contractors.  

 

In addition, the Group has set out clear basic criteria and requirements in selecting project 

partners, suppliers and contractors based on the Group’s Project Partners Policy and the 

Group’s Contract Management Policy, which includes criteria such as having a good real 


9 

 

estate professional ethics and moral quality apart from professional skills, experience and 

financial capital. This helps to deepen the organisational reform, as well as meet the Group’s 

needs in rapid development, standardisation and efficiency. These two policies help to 

monitor and flag any irregularities or non-compliance with the General Principles of the Civil 

Law of The People's Republic of China, the Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, 

the Guarantee Law of the People's Republic of China and all relevant laws and regulations 

on contract and contract management. Our Contract Management Policy explains our 

approach in managing contracts from contract categorization, development, review and 

approval, implementation and supervision to changes, termination and conflicts 

management. In addition, all contracts should respect the social ethics and should not 

disturb the social and economic orders nor harm the public welfare.  

 

Human Resources and the legal head are responsible to review the standardised contracts; 

provide training on legal knowledge; supervise the contract managers; provide initial legal 

opinions to customised contracts; inspect, supervise and assess the implementation of the 

contracts and manage any contract dispute. The contractors are being assessed based on 

their credibility, non-compliance history or any major economy crime or conflicts and they 

are required to provide documentations such as business license, production and operation 

permits, tax registration certificate, and other relevant certifications to show their 

qualification. In addition, the product quality of the contractors are being assessed by 

reviewing domestic and foreign production standard certificates. The Group will continue to 

identify areas where we can improve our assessment and management of environmental 

and social risks along the supply chain.  

 

 

Product Responsibility  

 

The Group builds our strong brand by following the principle of integrity, pragmatism, 

professionalism and innovation to deliver quality housing and services. To monitor the 

quality and safety of the properties and comply with relevant laws and regulations such as 

the Unified Standard for Constructional Quality Acceptance of Building Engineering, the 

Code for Acceptance of Construction Quality and Housing Quality Guarantee for Commercial 

Housing, the Group has developed the Construction Supervision Management Policy and 

regularly carries out sample checks on safety, construction and bidding process and 

completes and reviews necessary documentation. For example, the Group require 

stakeholders to provide construction project planning permit and test records of equipment 

operation; pipeline water pressure and closed water; rinse and disinfect water supply 

pipeline; fire-fighting system, weak current system, fitness equipment and entertainment 

operation to ensure the facilities are safe and working efficiently. The Group also provides 

documents for properties users such as Installation and operation instructions, product 

certification and maintenance menu to facilitate the use of the equipment and facilities 

provided. In addition, the Group engages qualified supervision companies to carry out 

independent third-party supervision as required by the Code of Construction Project 

Management. 

 

The Group’s sales and marketing service center has set up a Call Center Management 

System to provide a platform to collect enquiries and feedback on our products and services 


10 

 

in order to continuously improve and customise our products and services to meet and 

exceed our clients’ needs. The call center handles matters such as sales complaints, 

maintenance, property delivery complaints, real estate license and owners enquiry. The 

sales support center is responsible for tracking the repair and maintenance process and 

supervise the third party and suppliers during repair and maintenance with documentation. 

In addition, they collect feedback from clients regarding their satisfaction of the 

maintenance work.  

 

The Group focuses on building long-term relationships with our clients and hence put much 

effort in providing clients with one-stop services including aftersales maintenance 

management. The Group’s Aftersales Management Policy monitors issues and processes 

including workflows on maintenance work scope, supervision, quality requirements, 

warranty period, flowchart and timeline. The policy was developed according to the 

standardization management requirements of the Group and the actual working condition 

of the city companies to ensure the after-sales maintenance quality and progress of the 

projects.  

 

During the year, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating 

to products and services provided and methods of redress based on the Group’s best 

knowledge. 

 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

To ensure the safeguarding of the Group’s interest and prevent any illegal and improper 

behavior, the Group’s Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) Policy 

emphasises the Group’s responsibilities in observing and upholding the Group’s zero-

tolerance for all forms of corruption, bribery and fraud and complying with national and 

organizational regulations on ICAC. This policy covers the monitoring and inspection of 

business activities from tendering and purchasing, engineering construction management 

and budgeting.  

 

The Group take a proactive and serious stance to set up policies and guidelines across 

functions in preventing any illegal and improper behavior relating to corruption, bribery and 

fraud and building a sustainable and effective business. For example, the Regulations on 

Business Discipline Ordinance provide guidelines for staff to avoid bribery and avoid 

potential conflict of interests with related parties. In addition, staff is required to make 

assessment on relevant policy and regulations and write a report before working with any 

government departments. They are also responsible to ensure transparency throughout the 

bidding process and no insider information is sold to outsiders. The Group’s corporate 

governance has a Monitoring Audit System which mainly conducts regular business audit 

and specific audit to prevent management risks such as violations, non-compliance and 

encroachment as well. The Finance Management Policy also sets out control points to 

regulate and monitor the finance staff to ensure all expenses and reimbursement made are 

in compliance with relevant fiscal and taxation policies and company finance management 

standards. The policies also optimize the efficiency usage of funds to reduce costs and 


11 

 

improve the quality and services of the financial management. Clear procedures are 

developed for expenses and reimbursement approvals and the finance staff is responsible to 

abide by professional ethics and adhere to the principle of integrity, confidentiality, and 

cautiousness. All employees are required to report any gifts received to Human Resources 

and follow the Group’s rules to use those gifts received. 

 

The Group has set up an independent mailbox, e-mail address and hotline for staff to report 

on suspicious incidents and the regional Group will arrange inspections to verify the 

reported incidents. The Group did not have any reported incidents on corruption in the 

2016 financial year.  

 

 

Community Investment  

 

As a socially responsible corporate citizen, it is important that we contribute to the 

community in which we operate through charitable donations and organising voluntary 

community services. To monitor and manage the charitable donations made, according to 

the Group’s 2017 Roles and Responsibilities Management Policy, the regional CEO is 

responsible for approving any regional group’s charitable donations with an annual 

accumulated amount of RMB 100,000. For charitable donations above RMB 100,000, 

approval is needed from the Group CEO, who has the authority to approve an annual 

accumulated amount of RMB 100,000 to 200,000.  

 

The report and additional corporate information are also available on our company website 

(www.weiyeholdings.com). Please feel free to send us your feedback on this report and 

other sustainability related enquiries to weiyegroup@weiyeholdings.com.  

 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

Appendix: HKEX ESG Content Index 

 

Disclosures references with the requirements of the Hong Kong Exchanges and 

Clearing Limited’s (“HKEX”) Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

Reporting Guide. 

 

Aspect   

Comply or 

explain 

Provisions  

Description  

Page 

Number 

Environment 

A1 Emissions 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to air and 

greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into 

water and land, and generation of 

hazardous and non-hazardous waste. 

4 

A2 Use of 

Resources 

Policies on the efficient use of resources, 

including energy, water and other raw 

materials. 

4-5 

A3 The 

Environment 

and Natural 

Resources 

Policies on minimizing the issuer’s 

significant impact on the environment and 

natural resources.   

5 

Social  

B1 Employment 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to the 

following aspects: 

 Compensation and dismissal 

 Recruitment and promotion 

 Working hours and rest periods 

 Equal opportunity and anti-

discrimination 

 Diversity 

 Other benefits and welfare 

6-7 

B2 Health and 

Safety 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to providing a 

safe working environment and protecting 

employees from occupational hazards.   

7 

B3 Development 

and Training 

Policies on improving employees' 

knowledge and skills for discharging duties 

at work. Description of training activities. 

7-8 

B4 Labour 

Standards 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to preventing 

child and forced labor. 

8 


13 

 

Aspect   

Comply or 

explain 

Provisions  

Description  

Page 

Number 

B5 Supply Chain 

Management 

Policies on managing environmental and 

social risks of the supply chain. 

8-9 

B6 Product 

Responsibility 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to health 

and safety, advertising, labelling and 

privacy matters relating to products and 

services provided and methods of redress. 

9-10 

B7. Anti-

corruption 

Policies and compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to bribery, 

extortion, fraud and money laundering. 

10-11 

B8. Community 

Investment 

Policies on community engagement to 

understand the needs of the communities 

where the issuer operates and to ensure its 

activities take into consideration the 

communities' interests. 

11 

 

