
 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



 




 

 

 



 

Content 

About Weiye Holdings Limited .............................................................................................................. 1 

Board Statement .................................................................................................................................... 2 

2017 Performance Highlights ................................................................................................................. 3 

About This Report .................................................................................................................................. 4 

Weiye’s Sustainability Approach ........................................................................................................... 4 

Sustainability Governance ..................................................................................................................... 4 

Stakeholder Engagement ....................................................................................................................... 5 

Materiality Assessment .......................................................................................................................... 6 

Our Economic Growth ............................................................................................................................ 7 

Economic Performance ....................................................................................................................... 7 

Our Customers ........................................................................................................................................ 7 

Product Responsibility ........................................................................................................................ 7 

Customer Satisfaction ......................................................................................................................... 8 

Our Employees ....................................................................................................................................... 9 

Training and Education ....................................................................................................................... 9 

Occupational Health and Safety ....................................................................................................... 10 

Our Governance ................................................................................................................................... 11 

Socioeconomic Compliance .............................................................................................................. 11 

Anti -Corruption ................................................................................................................................ 12 

Environmental Compliance ............................................................................................................... 13 

Energy ............................................................................................................................................... 14 

The Way Ahead for Weiye .................................................................................................................... 16 

Report Content Index ............................................................................................................................ 16 

 


 

1 

About Weiye Holdings Limited 

Founded in 1999, Weiye Holdings Limited (“Weiye”), has a strong track record of over 18 years in 

property development specialising developing large-scale and multi phased property projects. Apart 

from developing its own properties, Weiye ventured into joint development projects and providing 

project management services to third-party land owners. At the end of 2017, Weiye’s portfolio 

comprises 25 property developments of which 16 have been completed.   

Since it was established, Weiye has expanded to various parts of China with strategic focuses on 5 

regions – Henan, Hainan, Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and the Jing-Jin-Ji regions. Weiye has 

also built the brand by delivering high quality products and attained numerous awards such as Henan 

Top 50 Real Estate Development Enterprise, Zhengzhou City Leading Property Development 

Enterprises and Economy Development Contribution Enterprise Excellence.  

Weiye was listed on the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited on 16 August 

2011 and dual primary listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 6 April 

2016.  

 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



2 

Board Statement 

This FY2017 Sustainability Report (the “Report”) marks Weiye and its subsidiaries’ (collectively the 

“Group”) second published sustainability report.  

The Group published its first sustainability report in 2016 in compliance with the Hong Kong Exchanges 

and Clearing Limited’s (“HKEX”) Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide 

Appendix 27. This year, the Group extended the reporting scope by using the Global Reporting 

Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards (2016) as a reporting framework to comply with Singapore Exchange 

(“SGX”) listing requirement, effective for all listed companies starting financial year ending 31 

December 2017.  

Our Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) and Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) established in 

2016 which comprise our senior management and key division representatives , continue to assume 

their responsibilities in managing the Group’s sustainability performance and report to the Board. The 

Board also continues to discharge their responsibility of overseeing the SSC to ensure alignment of 

overall sustainability performance with the business strategy, including development and approval of 

this report. 

We are pleased to report that our sustainability approach and performance has made progress since 

our first published report. In order to align our sustainability issues with our business goals, we 

conducted our first materiality assessment workshop to identify the ESG material factors that are most 

significant to our stakeholders and our business. The material factors have been validated and 

approved by our Board of Directors (the “Board”). This report also encapsulates our sustainability 

performances and achievements, as well as the targets we have set, for the factors identified. 

The Board remains committed to creating long term value for its stakeholders by delivering 

sustainable outcomes economically, socially and environmentally and is determined to work together 

with the SSC and STF to enhance our ESG performance across the business. 

 

 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





3 

2017 Performance Highlights 

 

 



•In FY2017, we are pleased to report we achieved no incident of non-compliance in the 

following areas that are of business viability to Weiye, including 

•Product responsibility

•Occupational health and safety

•Socio-economic

•Anti-corruption

•Environment 



Compliance



•Through our concerted efforts to improve customer satisfaction, the customer 

complaint rates during handover of our two development projects completed last year 

were below 3%. We are committed to continue improving our performance and we aim 

to reduce the customer complaint rates to below 2% next year



Customer Satisfaction



•Our commitment to health and safety has enabled us to operate with no significant 

work-related injuries and fatalities



Occupational Health and Safety 



•Based on our consistent quality and safety efforts, Yehai ShangCheng Project received 2 

awards 

•Provincial Excellence Structural Engineering

•Provincial Safe and Civilised Construction Sites



Awards



•As part of our energy conservation initiatives, we replaced incandescent lightbulbs with 

LED lightbulbs across Weiye's properties

•All development projects were designed in compliance with the Building Energy Design 

Code and provincial energy saving requirements



Energy


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



4 

About This Report 

This FY2017 report has been prepared in accordance with the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Appendix 27 

and made references to the GRI Standards (2016) to meet the requirements set out by HKEX and SGX. 

This report shares the sustainability performance results obtained during the period of 1 January to 

31 December 2017 (FY2017) for the following entities in Henan and Hainan provinces respectively. 

The report focuses on Henan and Hainan provinces where the Group has its core operating markets.  

Hainan Province 

Henan Province 

• Weiye Holdings Hainan Real Estate Co., Ltd 

• Wanning Yingde Property Co., Ltd 

• Tunchang Hongji Weiye Property 

Development Co., Ltd. 

• Tunchang Yajing Property Co., Ltd. 

• Henan Weiye Construction Development 

Group Co., Ltd. 

• Henan Tiandao Assets Management Co., Ltd. 

• Henan Xingwei Property Co., Ltd 

• Xinxiang Weiye Property Co., Ltd. 

Two entities disclosed in FY2016 have been excluded for this reporting period. Hainan Zhongfang 

Investment Holdings Company Limited has been excluded based on its insignificant revenue 

contribution and ESG impact for FY2017 while Henan Huibang Property Co. Ltd was disposed in April 

2017.  

We welcome our stakeholders to share their opinions or suggestions to improve the Group’s 

sustainability performance by sending an email to weiyegroup@weiyeholdings.com. 

Weiye’s Sustainability Approach 

As our business continues to grow in a dynamic business landscape, we are looking beyond the 

traditional building-and-selling model of the real estate industry. We take a strategic and 

comprehensive approach towards sustainability as we acknowledge the importance of effective ESG 

strategy and management across the business operations.  

With the combined efforts of our teams and stakeholders, we strive to effectively manage social and 

environmental associated risks and opportunities. We strive to continuously enhance our 

sustainability approach and performance through regular policy and operations reviews to positively 

contribute to our business growth in the long term and create value for our stakeholders and 

customers.  

Sustainability Governance 

The SSC continues to carry out its responsibility to manage the Group’s sustainability governance, 

monitoring and reporting. With senior management representation from across our divisions and 

regions, the SSC is able to support the Board in discharging its responsibilities, and provide strategic 

guidance and sound governance to enable business growth in a responsible manner.  

 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



5 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

The Group’s business operations influence and are influenced by internal and external stakeholders. 

Thus, it is crucial to set up effective communication and engagement approach and platforms to 

manage the expectations and needs of our key stakeholders. We strive to maintain a collaborative 

stakeholder relationships for the long term. Our engagement with our key stakeholders are 

summarised below.  

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency 

Internal 

Board of Directors  

Board meeting  

Quarterly 

Regular reporting to the board 

Throughout the year 

Employees 

Induction programme for new employees 

Throughout the year 

 

Training and development programmes 

Regular e-mailers and meetings 

Recreational and wellness activities 

Career development performance coaching 

External 

Shareholders 

 

Fair disclosures of financial results and announcements, 

business developments, press releases, and other 

relevant disclosures via SGXNet and Weiye Holdings 

Limited website 

Throughout the year 

Annual General Meeting  

Annually 

Customers 

After sales survey customer satisfaction survey 

Post-handover of project 

Regulators 

Consultation during submission of Environmental 

Assessment Report 

Pre-start of construction 

Submission of environmental performance 

Monthly 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





6 

Materiality Assessment 

In order to focus our sustainability efforts around material ESG factors that align our business 

perspectives with those of our stakeholders, we appointed an external consultant to conduct a 

materiality assessment. Our materiality assessment approach is in line with the GRI Standards 

Materiality Principle to identify the ESG factors that matter most to the success of the business. Our 

SSC participated in the assessment process and underwent a three-step approach; identify, prioritise 

and validate material ESG factors as illustrated below.  

Through the materiality assessment workshop, we collected views from the senior management 

across geographies and functions and identified nine ESG factors that are considered to be material 

to our business. Five of these ESG factors are mapped to the aspects prescribed within the HKEX ESG 

Reporting Guide Appendix 27. The five aspects are Use of Resources, Health and Safety, Development 

and Training, Product Responsibility and Anti – Corruption (See Report Content Index for more details). 

Our Board validated and approved the top nine ESG factors disclosed in this year’s report.  

For this reporting period, the remaining six aspects and their associated key performance indicators 

(KPIs) prescribed within the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Appendix 27 are not considered to be material 

and hence not disclosed within this report. The six aspects are Emissions, The Environment and 

Natural Resources, Employment, Labour Standards, Supply Chain Management and Community 

Investment. The SSC will review the ESG factors to ensure that our future reports will continue to 

include disclosures of ESG factors that are material and aligned with our business.  

 

 

 




 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



7 

Our Economic Growth 

Economic Performance 

 Achieve sustainable growth through strategic business models with focus in the 

five targeted regions and streamlining operational efficiencies 

FY2017 has been an eventful year for us. In one of the most competitive environments that we have 

witnessed for the Chinese market through government control on property prices and restrictive 

measures, we have attained stable growth in two of our main operating markets - Henan and Hainan. 

Despite the challenging market, we continue to forge our way forward for the business. We will 

continue to strategically focus on the five targeted regions with great potential for property 

development specifically, Henan, Hainan, Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and the Jing-Jin-Ji – 

Beijing/ Tianjin/ Hebei regions. Moreover, we continuously review and streamline our procurement 

and supply chain practices to safeguard our profitability.  

Please refer to the financial statements in pages 67 – 161 of the FY2017 Annual Report for more details 

on our economic performance. 

Our Customers 

Product Responsibility 

 Deliver quality products that meet customers and regulatory requirements  

Product responsibility is a key material factor to our business – from building quality through project 

management to innovative solutions. We make sure that our products comply with the regulatory 

requirements while meeting customer expectations, this would help us to achieve greater customer 

satisfaction and hence create more business opportunities.  

How We Deliver 

To manage the expectations that our stakeholders have on the Group and our products, we have 

established a three tier control implemented through our Costing and Design Division, Regional Teams 

and Project Teams. The Costing and Design Division and Project Teams are responsible for ensuring 

projects are executed in accordance with our policies and procedures such as Construction Supervision 

Management Policy. They are also responsible in making sure that projects comply with regulatory 

requirements such as the Unified Standards of Construction Quality Acceptance of Building 

Engineering and the Code of Acceptance of Construction Quality.  

The quality and safety of the properties are monitored end-to-end of the entire construction process 

through regular inspections. As mandated by the Circular on Strengthening the Inspection and 

Management of Projects, the Regional Teams conduct monthly inspections and evaluate projects 

under construction for their quality and safety performance within their regions. The Costing and 

Design Division is responsible to conduct quarterly inspections. The projects are evaluated based on 

the Unified Standard for Construction Quality Acceptance of Construction Engineering.  

On the Project Team level, project managers are required to monitor the quality of incoming raw 

materials by conducting sample inspections of the raw materials .For new equipment, product factory 

certificates or inspection and test reports are reviewed. They are also responsible in maintaining the 

necessary construction planning and building construction permits, equipment maintenance schedule 

and test records, fire protection systems, water pipe pressure test records and flushing and 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





8 

disinfection records of water supply pipes. To measure and continuously enhance our performance, 

we also seek feedback on our products from our relevant stakeholders. 

As a result of our concerted efforts, our Yehai Shangcheng Project was awarded with the Provincial 

Excellent Structural Engineering award and the Provincial Safe and Civilized Construction Sites award. 

This is a big recognition and assurance of our team’s efforts and we strive to uphold our commitment 

to continue to deliver high quality products responsibly.  

 In FY2017, we were compliant with relevant laws and regulations, such as Uniform Standards for 

Building Construction Quality Acceptance of Buildings, Acceptance Criteria for Construction Quality 

and Quality Assurance for Commercial Construction Projects. There was no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact relating to health and 

safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matter relating to products and services provided and 

methods of redress. 

Product Responsibility Performance and Targets 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

 Provide consistent customer service to enhance and strengthen our customer 

relations and corporate image  

We believe that by improving customer satisfaction, the Group can enhance its business performance 

through the expansion of its customer base as a result of increased customer loyalty and referrals. In 

addition, we view customer satisfaction as a tool to better understand customer demands and 

improve the quality of our products and services.  

How We Prioritise 

Consistency is an important feature in customer service. In Henan, we established an After-Sales 

Maintenance Management Policy and a Call Centre Management System to standardise the after sales 

service process. In Hainan, we also established an After-Sales Management Policy and a Member 

Management Manual to improve customer relations with the members of the Weiye Club; a concierge 

service provided to Weiye property owners in Hainan.  

FY2017 Performance



•Compliant with relevant laws and 

regulations, such as Uniform 

Standards for Building Construction 

Quality Acceptance of Buildings, 

Acceptance Criteria for Construction 

Quality and Quality Assurance for 

Commercial Construction Projects

•Recorded no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws 

and regulations relating to health 

and safety, advertising, labelling 

and privacy matter relating to 

products and services provided and 

methods of redress

FY2018 Targets



•Continue to improve the quality of 

products by enhancing the 

supervision and inspection during 

construction

•Strengthen the supervision and 

management requirements and 

improve quality and safety 

awareness

•Improve the quality of project 

managers’ awareness on quality 

and safety


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





9 

These policies are put in place to deliver consistent and well managed services to our customers, 

including after sales maintenance, product warranties, and managing and resolving customer 

complaints. For example, the After-Sales Maintenance Management Policy stipulates that the 

maximum turn-around time to respond to a customer’s report or complaint is three work days. Apart 

from that, the policy also documents in detail the standard operating procedures in handling product 

defect issues to ensure that all complaints are addressed and resolved professionally. The call centre 

was set up as an avenue to strengthen the corporate image through a unified management centre to 

improve our customer relationship management.   

Customer Satisfaction Performance and Targets 

 

Our Employees   

Training and Education 

 Develop employees by providing a workplace that supports continuous 

learning    

Employees are an important resource in our business. Providing an environment that fosters 

continuous learning allows employees to feel valued, engaged and motivated. We are committed to 

provide a work environment where continuous learning can be achieved by supporting professional 

and personal development. It is important to ensure that skills and knowledge are always relevant and 

we have the right capabilities across the organisation to strengthen our competitive edge.  

How We Develop 

Our Regional Human Resource and Administrative Division is tasked to manage the provision of the 

trainings across the business, from the senior management to the new recruits. The division provides 

targeted training to employees of different positions guided by the Training Management Policy. The 

training programmes that are made available to our employees include internal and external trainings, 

on-the-job training and learning visits that focus on business and management skills and other 

relevant tools to the business. At the end of each training, employees and trainers undergo a 

performance based feedback session to create a collaborative and engaging learning experience. 

The senior management team is mandated to attend trainings annually. The trainings provided 

primarily focus on environmental management, employment, health and safety and corporate 

governance issues. Furthermore, the senior management team is involved in the management 

rotation training programme to develop and enhance management capabilities through in-depth 

understanding of the business’s operations across all portfolio.  

FY2017 Performance



•The customer complaint rates were 

below 3% for FY2017 completed 

projects -the Zhengzhou Longhu 

ShangCheng Project No.1 and the  

Xinxiang Central Park Project Phase 

5. The projects also did not receive 

any complaint from the 

government departments

FY2018 Target



•Reduce the customer complaint 

rates to below 2%


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





10 

We also have a Promotion Policy that includes dual-track career development system that encourages 

vertical and horizontal career mobility. This career flexibility allows employees to determine their own 

career path whether it is a technical or management position – a commitment by the Group to 

empower our employees. Across the business, we also practise a Democratic Life Meeting Policy that 

encourages open and frank feedback on individual performance.  

Training and Education Performance and Targets 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 Manage health and safety risks to provide a healthy and safe working 

environment to our employees 

Occupational health and safety is commonly acknowledged as a material factor for many corporations, 

especially in the construction industry. Our employees are our greatest assets and it is our 

responsibility to provide a healthy and safe work environment for them.  

How We Protect 

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe working environment by managing our health and 

safety risks through various policies and procedures such as Office Environment, Office Order and 

Safety Management Policy, Employee Behaviour and Responsibilities Guidelines, employee liability 

insurance, accident and injury insurance and annual health checks for our employees. 

To echo the Group’s safety commitment, Regional Managers have safety as one of their key 

performance indicators (KPIs) that they must deliver. It is their responsibility to ensure that safety 

levels across the business are monitored and managed effectively. 

All our employees are required to undertake health and safety and firefighting trainings. This is 

important to ensure that our employees have the necessary skills to identify risks to their health and 

safety and enable them to respond to emergencies.  

On top of trainings, daily safety inspections are carried out in offices and on sites to ensure that the 

infrastructure and facilities are in good working condition – windows, emergency exits, machineries 

and electrical wiring. These inspections are performed by the safety inspector and documented to 

keep track of the observations.  

FY2017 Performance



•Provided training which includes 

theory/concepts, management 

skills, and business skills in the form 

of internal, external training, on-the 

job training, visits or outward bound 

training

•Provided senior management 

trainings relating to environmental 

management, employment, health 

and safety and corporate 

governance issues

FY2018 Targets



•Increase the senior management 

rotation training to enhance overall 

management capabilities

•Increase the budget allocation for 

training and senior management 

training and qualifications


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





11 

Our offices are cleaned on a daily basis and air purifiers are placed in offices and houses in provinces 

that are affected by poor air quality to safeguard the comfort and health of the working and living 

environment. Our employees also participate in annual health checks to monitor their wellbeing.  

Furthermore, all employees must adhere to the environmental hygiene and personal safety guidelines 

– the Staff Behaviour and Responsibilities Guidelines for Office Use and the Office Environment, Office 

Order and Safety Management Policy of which non-compliance would result in monetary fines or 

punishments.  

Occupational Health and Safety Performance and Targets 

 

Our Governance 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

 Operate our business in compliance with the relevant social and economic laws 

and regulations through internal checks and balances 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and safeguarding 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external.  

How We Comply 

We have developed necessary mechanisms to prevent violation of laws and regulations. Mandatory 

compliance trainings are provided to all new employees covering the Employee Basic Behaviour 

Standards and the Regulations on Quality Management. For existing employees, continuous trainings 

are provided on a quarterly basis to keep them up-to-date and understand the latest regulatory 

changes that might impact their functions.  

Our Strategic Investment Division and Human Resources and Administrative Division regularly conduct 

regulatory reviews to update the existing policies according to the changing market and regulatory 

requirements. Additionally, the Costing and Design Division consistently performs compliance checks 

to detect any suspicious or inappropriate activities.  

We are a firm believer in the leadership management influence. The senior management team and 

managers are required to attend socioeconomic compliance trainings at least once a year as 

exemplary management commitment towards socio-economic compliance across business. 

FY2017 Performance



•Recorded no incident of significant 

work-related injuries and fatalities

•Recorded no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws 

and regulations relating to 

occupational  health and safety, 

providing a safe working 

environment and protecting 

employees from occupational 

hazards

FY2018 Targets



•Continue to maintain no incident of 

significant work -related injuries 

and fatalities

•Continue to maintain no incident of 

non-compliance with the relevant 

laws and regulations relating to 

occupational  health and safety, 

providing a safe working 

environment and protecting 

employees from occupational 

hazards


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





12 

Socioeconomic Compliance Performance and Targets 

 

Anti -Corruption 

 Conduct our business with integrity and transparency with no compromise on 

corruption 

The Group has zero tolerance on fraudulent and corrupt practices that may disrupt the business 

operations and impede the growth of the business due to loss of trust in the Weiye brand that we 

have built over the years.    

How We Uphold 

To effectively monitor anti-corruption practices, the Group adopts several policies such as the Code 

of Conduct, the Conflict of Interest Policy, the Whistle Blowing Policy, the Regulations on Business 

Discipline Ordinance, the Independent Commission against Corruption Policy and the Finance 

Management Policy to prevent, govern and facilitate the reporting of any illegal or unethical practices 

across the business.   

The many policies put in place are intended to educate and empower our employees to conduct their 

responsibilities effectively. For example, Regulations on Business Discipline Ordinance details out the 

guidelines for employees to avoid bribery and avoid potential conflict of interests with related parties. 

To monitor and ensure compliance, we have set up the Monitoring Audit System to supervise and 

verify that our business practices do not infringe any laws and regulations.  The responsible 

management teams are tasked with conducting business audits across functions such as bidding and 

procurement, finance and tax, and the Group’s financial management practices to prevent and 

manage identified risks, if any. Another initiative that we have in place is setting up independent 

mailbox, e-mail and hotline for our employees to report suspicious behaviours or incidents, thereafter 

the reported cases will be investigated and necessary actions taken. For more information on our 

whistle blowing policy, please see our Corporate Governance Report in our FY2017 Annual Report. 

The Legal Department keeps track on the latest changes with the relevant laws and regulations and 

update the internal policies accordingly. The updated policies will be disseminated to the relevant 

teams to prevent violations.   

FY2017 Performance



•Recorded no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws 

and regulations in the social and 

economic area resulting in internal 

disciplinary action or public 

allegation

FY2018 Targets



•Continue to maintain no incident of 

non-compliance with the relevant 

laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area resulting in 

internal disciplinary action or public 

allegation

•Continue to conduct compliance 

training and awareness 

programmes for key management 

personnel at least once per 

calendar year and whenever there 

are substantial changes of relevant 

laws and regulations


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





13 

Above these preventive mechanisms, all newly recruited employees are required to undergo the Code 

of Conduct training. Annual training is provided to all employees to ensure that they understand their 

responsibilities and always uphold the business policies on conducting the business in accordance with 

the applicable laws and regulations. The trainings are also intended to keep all employees abreast of 

the latest changes in the regulatory requirements and understand the impacts on their functions. 

For this reporting period, there was no incident of non-compliance with the relevant law and 

regulations resulting in internal disciplinary action or public allegation. There was also no non-

compliance relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.  

Anti –Corruption Performance and Targets 

 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 Care for the environment by going beyond regulatory requirements to 

minimise our carbon footprint 

We recognise the role that we play in influencing our operations and their impacts on the environment. 

As a responsible corporation, we are committed to govern and minimise our environmental footprint 

to contribute to the climate change cause.  

How We Contribute 

Our environmental performance extends beyond national and provincial regulatory requirements and 

compliance standards. We ensure that all developments consider environmental metrics throughout 

the construction phase from pre to post construction and implements strict supervision and 

enforcement measures to safeguard the environmental performance of the construction sites.  

Prior to the commencement of construction, the project managers are required to submit 

Environmental Assessment Reports and soil contamination test reports to the authorities. During 

operations, they must ensure their sites’ environmental performances are compliant with the air, dust, 

fumes and emissions, noise, and waste standards and legislations such as the Law of the People's 

Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution and the Regulations on the 

Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in Henan Province. 

The project managers regularly inspect their sites to check on the compliance status. They make sure 

that their sites have the obligatory permits to manage and dispose of wastes and emissions. In addition, 

FY2017 Performance



•Recorded no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws 

and regulations involving 

corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud 

and money laundering resulting in 

internal disciplinary action or public 

allegations

FY2018 Targets



•Continue to maintain no incident of 

non-compliance with the relevant 

laws and regulations involving 

corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud 

and money laundering resulting in 

internal disciplinary action or public 

allegations

•Implement Compliance Surveillance 

Check

•Implement employee declaration 

on conflict of interest


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





14 

there is real-time monitoring of air pollution index at all our construction site to fulfil requirements 

such as those mandated under the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and 

Control of Atmospheric Pollution and the Regulations on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric 

Pollution in Henan Province. Project managers must submit the air pollution index of their sites to the 

Environment Protection Department.   

In addition to meeting regulatory requirements, we provide regular trainings to broaden our 

employees’ awareness on environmental issues and regulatory compliance to support the business’ 

aspirations of going beyond environmental compliance. On top of this, key management personnel 

are required to attend yearly trainings that cover topics on environmental compliance together with 

environmental awareness to boost our environmental performance.  

We are pleased to disclose that there were no violation of laws and regulations in the environmental 

aspect resulting in internal disciplinary action or public allegation. 

Environmental Compliance Performance and Targets 

 

Energy  

 Conserve energy by increasing our energy use efficiencies and complying with 

national and provincial energy saving targets 

Governments around the world are advocating to increase energy use efficiencies and use of 

renewable energy to reduce reliance on fossil fuels due to its polluting nature. To support China’s 

energy conservation initiatives, we continuously incorporate good operational and building design 

practices into our business to deliver better performances and minimise our resource consumption.  

How We Conserve  

In FY2017, we implemented responsible and innovative initiatives across our business, from corporate 

buildings to the construction sites as well as in our products delivered to customers to conserve energy.  

As lighting accounts for a large portion of our energy consumption, incandescent light bulbs were 

replaced with energy efficient LED lights across all properties.  In addition to investing in LED lights, 

FY2017 Performance



•Recorded no incident of non-

compliance with the relevant laws 

and regulations in the environment 

area resulting in internal 

disciplinary action or public 

allegation

FY2018 Targets



•Continue to maintain no incident of 

non-compliance with the relevant 

laws and regulations on 

environmental protection, resulting 

in internal disciplinary or public 

allegation

•Continue to conduct compliance 

training and awareness programs 

for key management personnel at 

least once per calendar year as and 

when there are substantial changes 

of relevant laws and regulations

•Continue to meet national and 

government pollution index 

requirements through project 

inspection and governance


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 





15 

we also conduct tests on regular basis to make sure our equipment are operating at optimal conditions. 

Furthermore, the heating and cooling systems of our buildings have been reconfigured to provide 

comfortable temperatures according to the seasonal changes as overheating or over cooling 

consumes excessive amount of energy. To further reduce our energy consumption, employees are 

encouraged to contribute to the cause through behavioural changes such as switching off lights and 

electronic devices when leaving the office.  

We believe in creating developments that are sustainable. The Costing and Design Division and project 

teams are well versed with the national and provincial building design standard requirements such as 

the Building Energy Conservation Design Code and the Henan Province Energy Saving Design 

Standards for Residential Buildings (Cold Areas) DBJ41062-2012 that stipulate the mandatory energy 

efficiency targets for buildings. For example, the Housing and Urban Development Office of Henan 

Province stipulates that buildings must achieve energy efficiency target of 75% while in Hainan, the 

energy efficiency target is 50%. To meet the requirements, we incorporate the use of thermal 

insulation solutions such as use of double glazed window and window opening adjustments and 

energy saving materials such as air block, aerated concrete and other lightweight partitions. The 

materials used must pass the energy saving acceptance test before being used.    

Energy Performance and Targets 

 

FY2017 Performance



•All development projects were 

designed in compliance with the 

Building Energy Design Code and 

provincial energy saving 

requirements 

•Adopted thermal insulation 

solutions such as installation of 

double glazed windows and window 

opening adjustments that resulted 

in energy savings that meet the 

national and provincial building 

design standard energy efficiency 

requirements 

•Materials used in the projects fulfil 

the energy saving design 

requirements and passed 

acceptance test

FY2018 Target



•Continue to comply with the 

national and provincial energy 

efficiency targets 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



16 

The Way Ahead for Weiye 

We believe that sustainability is the key to create value and delivering sustainable growth for our 

stakeholders, both internal and external. We will continue to uphold our belief and commitment to 

operate responsibly and sustainably.  

In the forthcoming year, we will continue to assess, review and update our material ESG factors and 

sustainability initiatives to be relevant to the demands of the changing business landscapes in places 

we operate.  

Report Content Index 

Disclosures references with the requirements of the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Appendix 27 and the 

GRI Standards (2016). 

GRI Standards (2016) 

Notes / Page number(s)  

General Disclosures 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Weiye Holdings  Limited  

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report –  Corporate Profile, page 1 

Annual Report – Operations Review, page 6 – 12  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report – Corporate Information, page 22 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report – Operations Review, page 6 – 12 

Annual Report – Corporate Information, page 22 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report – Statistics of Shareholdings, page 160 – 

161  

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report – Operations Review, page 6 – 12  

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report –  Chairman's Statement, page 4 – 5  

Annual Report - Financial Review, page 16 – 17  

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Annual Report - Financial Review, page 16 – 17  

102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report – Director's Statement, page 47 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes in FY2017.  

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Weiye does not specifically address the precautionary 

approach.  

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Henan Weiye Construction Development Group Co., Ltd.is 

a standing member of The Housing and Real Estate 

Association of Zhengzhou City. Weiye Holdings Hainan 


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



17 

Real Estate Co., Ltd is a member of the Hainan Province 

Enterprise Confederation.  

Strategy 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Annual Report – Chairman's Statement, page 4 – 5  

Sustainability Report – Board Statement, page 2 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Annual Report – Corporate Governance Report, page 23 – 

44  

Governance 

 

 102-18  

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - Sustainability Governance, page 4  

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement, page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement, page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement, page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement, page 5 

Reporting Practice 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Sustainability Report – About This Report, page 4 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Sustainability Report – About This Report, page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report – Materiality Assessment, page 6 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Sustainability Report – Board Statement, page 2 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report – About This Report, page 4 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

The first sustainability report was published on 23 June 

2017 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report – About This Report, page 4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI 

Standards 

Sustainability Report – About This Report, page 4  

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report – Report Content Index, page 16 – 19  

102-56 

External assurance 

Weiye has not sought external assurance for this 

reporting period and may consider it for future periods. 

Management Approach 

 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainability Report – 

- Economic Performance, page 7 

- Product Responsibility, page 7 – 8  


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



18 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

- Customer Satisfaction, page 8 – 9  

- Training and Education, page 9 – 10  

- Occupational Health and Safety, page 10 – 11  

- Socioeconomic Compliance, page 11 – 12  

- Anti - Corruption, page 12 – 13  

- Environmental Compliance, page 13 – 14  

- Energy, page 14 – 15  

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

GRI Standards (2016) 

HKEX ESG Guidelines Appendix 27 

Notes / Page number(s)  

Topic-specific Disclosures 

Aspects 

 

Economic 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

N/A 

Annual Report - Financial 

Statements, page 67-161 

Anti - Corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

B7: Anti - 

corruption 

Policies and compliance 

with relevant laws and 

regulations that have a 

significant impact on 

the issuer relating to 

bribery, extortion, fraud 

and money laundering. 

Sustainability Report - 

Anti-corruption, page 12 – 

13  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Environmental 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organisation 

A2: Use of 

Resources 

Policies on efficient use 

of resources, including 

energy, water and 

other raw materials 

KPI A2.3: Description of 

energy use efficiency 

initiatives and results 

achieved 

Sustainability Report - 

Energy, page 14 – 15  

Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

N/A 

Sustainability Report - 

Environmental 

Compliance, page 13 – 14  

Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injuries and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days and absenteeism, and 

total number of work-related 

fatalities 

B2: Health and 

Safety 

Policies and compliance 

with relevant laws and 

regulations that have a 

significant impact on 

the issuer relating to 

providing a safe 

working environment 

and protecting 

employees from 

occupational hazards 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report - 

Occupational Health and 

Safety, page 10 – 11  


 

 

 

WEIYE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017 



19 

Training and Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

B3: 

Development 

and Training 

Policies on improving 

employee's knowledge 

and skills for 

discharging duties at 

work. Training refers to 

vocational training. It 

may include internal 

and external courses 

paid by the employer 

Sustainability Report - 

Training and Education, 

page 9 – 10  

Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

N/A 

Sustainability Report - 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance, page 11 – 12  

 Product Responsibility 

N/A 

B6: Product 

Responsibility 

Policies and compliance 

with relevant laws and 

regulations that have a 

significant impact on 

the issuer relating to 

health and safety, 

advertising, labelling 

and privacy matters 

relating to products and 

services provided and 

methods of redress 

Sustainability Report - 

Product Responsibility, 

page 7 – 8  

Customer Satisfaction 

N/A 

Complaint rates from 

customers and government 

departments 

N/A 

Sustainability Report - 

Customer Satisfaction, 

page 8 – 9  

 

 

