
NO DEFORESTATION,

NO PEAT,

NO EXPLOITATION

POLICY PROGRESS UPDATE 

(DECEMBER 2013 - DECEMBER 2015)

Wilmar International Limited








































CONTENTS 

PAGE

3 

Commentary by Glenn Hurowitz, Senior Fellow  

– Centre for International Policy

4 

Our Aspiration: A Sustainable Palm Oil Industry

5 

Wilmar's Key Policy Milestones

6 

Our Progress in 2 Years

6 

A Traceable Supply Chain

8 

Overview of Wilmar's Supply Chain

11 

Supplier Compliance to the Wilmar Policy

13 

Wilmar's own compliance to the Policy

15 

No Exploitation of Labour

15 

Support for Smallholders

17 

Risk Management: Transparency and Accountability

18 Changes in the Industry

18 

Stakeholder Engagement

19 

Multi-stakeholder Collaborations

19 

The Landscape &amp; Jurisdictional Approach

20 2016 and Beyond: New Targets and Facing the Challenges

20 

Furthering Supplier Compliance through a Regional Landscape Approach

20 

Traceability Back to Plantations

20 

Empowering Smallholders

20 

Identifying Labour Best Practices &amp; Removing Exploitation

21 

Reducing Deforestation Caused by Fires

21 

Greenhouse Gas Reductions

22 Concluding Remarks by Jeremy Goon, Chief Sustainability Officer  

– Wilmar International


ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP 

IN A TIME OF CHALLENGE

Two years ago, I was privileged to stand with 

Wilmar CEO Kuok Khoon Hong, TFT’s Scott 

Poynton, and Unilever’s Marc Engel to launch the 

company’s groundbreaking “No Deforestation, No 

Peat, No Exploitation” policy.  Since then, Wilmar 

has undertaken an impressive effort to work with 

plantations and smallholders alike to help them 

rapidly transition to deforestation-free production. 

Wilmar’s publication of their suppliers and mill 

locations for the first time brought a measure 

of transparency to an industry that had been 

synonymous with opacity.  

Wilmar has also helped bring environmental 

leadership to the soy industry, working with ADM 

to advance deforestation-free production across 

Latin America. While more information is needed, 

they have also begun environment and community 

initiatives in Africa and in Myanmar sugar operations. 

Nonetheless, global agriculture, including Wilmar, 

still has a long way to go.  NGOs continue to 

find some suppliers clearing forests and abusing 

community rights. Wilmar deserves credit for 

responding quickly to most of these grievances. 

They have worked hard to improve supplier 

performance, and have been willing to cut off rogue 

companies when engagement just isn’t working. But 

there are still too many breaches, showing the need 

for more education or more rigorous sanction. In 

addition, no company is providing comprehensive 

information on supplier performance on reducing 

deforestation, the metric that ultimately matters. 

This transparency gap should be an area of major 

focus for the industry in 2016. 

Despite Wilmar’s progress, this was still a terrible 

year for Southeast Asia’s forests.  On several days, 

Indonesia’s forest fires released more pollution 

than China’s entire economy. Palm oil alone is 

hardly to blame, but the industry should do its 

share to restore what has been lost, and work with 

government, other industries, and civil society to 

ensure that this disaster never repeats itself. 

There are some signs of hope in Indonesia, but the 

need for action remains great. A successful model 

is Brazil’s Amazon deforestation moratorium, where 

all companies together agreed not to buy from any 

district where forest destruction was occurring. The 

result: Brazil’s deforestation has declined by more 

than two thirds while increasing production.

Despite the challenges, Wilmar’s actions make it 

the clear sustainability leader among large-scale 

agriculture companies. Because Wilmar is working 

to provide customers the responsibly grown 

products they demand, it has become much more 

attractive to customers and investors. While these 

initiatives have yet to fully realize their goal of 

ensuring a long-term future for forests and people, 

Wilmar is showing the world that responsible 

business and profitable business can indeed go 

hand in hand. 



Glenn Hurowitz

Senior Fellow, Centre for International Policy

Left: Glenn Hurowitz

Senior Fellow, Centre for 

International Policy



Policy Progress Report 2015        3

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Wilmar is the world’s largest processor and 

merchandiser of palm and lauric oils, with oil palm 

plantations in Indonesia, Malaysia, and West Africa. 

We recognize we have the responsibility and ability 

to steer the industry towards more responsible 

and sustainable practices, in order to maintain the 

competitiveness of palm oil. 

In December 2013, we made a commitment to drive 

sustainable practices and accelerate transformation 

in the palm oil industry, by announcing our No 

Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation Policy 

(Integrated Policy). This Integrated Policy extends 

across Wilmar’s entire supply chain, including 

our joint ventures and third-party suppliers, 

differentiating it from commitments that have been 

NO DEFORESTATION, NO PEAT, NO EXPLOITATION POLICY

NO DEFORESTATION

NO DEVELOPMENT ON PEAT

NO EXPLOITATION OF PEOPLE AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES

OUR ASPIRATION: A SUSTAINABLE 

PALM OIL INDUSTRY



made by other companies. Its objective is to delink 

our entire supply chain from deforestation and 

exploitation by 2015. This report summarises our 

progress towards that objective, and identifies areas 

where more work is needed. 

Left: Wilmar Integrated Policy 

Launch. Left to right: Glenn 

Hurowitz (Forest Heroes), 

Marc Engel (Unilever), 

Kuok Khoon Hong (Wilmar 

International), and Scott 

Poynton (The Forest Trust)

No development 

of High Carbon 

Stock (HCS) 

Forests

Progressively reduce 

greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions on 

existing plantations

Respect and recognise 

the rights of all workers 

including contract, 

temporary and migrant 

workers

No development of 

High Conservation 

Value (HCV) Areas

Best Management 

Practices for existing 

plantations on peat

Facilitate the inclusion 

of smallholders into the 

supply chain

Free, Prior and Informed Consent 

(FPIC) from indigenous and local 

communities to operations on 

lands to which they hold legal, 

communal or customary rights

Resolve all complaints 

and conflicts through an 

open, transparent and 

consultative process

Where feasible, 

explore options for 

peat restoration 

by working with 

expert stakeholders 

and communities

No burning

HCS

HCV

Co2

Policy Progress Report 2015        4

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


2014

2015

Completed engagements 

with suppliers, government 

and other key stakeholders 

on Policy in Indonesia, 

Malaysia and Latin America

Dashboard 

Launched

First company to 

publish supplying 

Crude Palm Oil (CPO) 

mills online

Grievance 

Procedure 

launched on 

dashboard

Completed engagements 

with 200 international and 

local Non-Governmental 

Organisations (NGOs)

Achieved 95% traceability 

for all refineries in 

Malaysia and Indonesia

Developed and rolled out 

supplier field assessment 

procedure 

Dec 2013: 

Policy Launched

WILMAR’S KEY 

POLICY MILESTONES

Grievance:

Resolved

Continued

Policy Progress Report 2015        5

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


OUR PROGRESS 

IN TWO YEARS

A Traceable Supply Chain

We started tracing our supply flows from ports 

and refineries back to palm oil mill sources even 

before the launch of our policy. Traceability is 

useful because the information can be utilised to 

evaluate our suppliers’ performance against our 

policy, and to engage with our supply base to 

achieve improvements where needed. 

In mid-2013 we worked with our customer Unilever 

to pilot the development of the FoodReg system, 

Known Sources. Many days were spent pursuing 

our suppliers, collecting data and plotting maps, 

in order to be able to achieve transparency of our 

originating CPO mill sources. It has not been an 

easy task as palm oil supply chains are multi-tiered 

and complex (See Figure 1: Overview of Wilmar’s 

Supply Chain).

In January 2015, Wilmar published the list 

of known CPO mill sources that supply our 

refineries1; we were the first company ever to do 

so. As of mid-2015, we had identified all the direct 

mills supplying each of our operational facilities in 

Indonesia and Malaysia. 

In addition, supplies from approximately 100 

mills from other palm oil producing countries that 

contribute to the throughput of our destination 

operations have also been mapped. 

1 Available on the Wilmar 

dashboard: http://www.

wilmar-international.com/

sustainability/dashboard/

We recognize that many palm oil companies 

lack the resources and knowledge to adequately 

conform to higher sustainability requirements. To 

help our suppliers overcome this challenge, we have 

focused significant effort over the past two years in 

engagement sessions to ensure that all suppliers 

recognize our key policy requirements, and to 

provide geographically specific advice and feedback.

Operations in Malaysia and Indonesia:

UPSTREAM OPERATIONS

DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS

44

24

Wilmar’s Mills

800-850

Third Party Mills

Bulking/ Kernel Crushing &amp; Refining

Policy Progress Report 2015        6

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


For a mill to be considered traceable Wilmar requires the following information:

Where any part of this information is incomplete, volumes from that particular supplier will be treated as 

“untraceable”. “Untraceable” does not mean that we do not know who we procure from but that it does 

not fully meet the above criteria.

The traceability performance of our refineries is calculated in percentages of the total volume received 

by the refinery. Refineries can receive supplies from individual mills, refinery transfers, traders, or 

bulking terminals. 

Tracking traceability through a volumetric approach means that we can more accurately track the 

physical flows of our oil, and supports a traceable physical supply chain. While we strive to increase 

traceability from one period to the next, it should be noted that the traceability values may also decrease. 

Such trends occur predominantly because supplies available from different sources may vary from one 

period to another.

Parent 

Company 

Name

Mill 

Name

Address

Volumes

Longitude 

and Latitude 

Coordinates

1

2

3

4

5

Defining and Calculating Traceability: Wilmar’s Approach

Policy Progress Report 2015        7

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Wilmar Own/ 

Third Party Plantations

Smallholders

Smallgrowers

FFB Collection 

Centres

Third PartyPlantations

Smallholders

Smallgrowers

FFB Collection Centres

WILMAR 

OWN MILLS

WILMAR 

OWN MILLS

THIRD 

PARTY MILLS

THIRD 

PARTY MILLS

BULKING 

TERMINAL

BULKING 

TERMINAL

BULKING 

TERMINAL

Wilmar Own/ 

Third Party Plantations

DESTINATION 

(REST OF THE WORLD)

ORIGIN 

(INDONESIA/MALAYSIA)

WILMAR 

ORIGIN 

REFINERIES

INTERMEDIATE

SUPPLIER

BUYER

THIRD PARTY 

REFINERIES/

TRADERS

WILMAR 

DESTINATION 

PROCESSING 

PLANT

TRADED PARCELS

TRADING OFFICE

(SINGAPORE)

Fresh Fruit Bunch (FFB)

Crude Palm Oil &amp; Palm Kernel (CPO/PK)

Crude/Refined Palm &amp; Lauric Products

TRADING OFFICE 

(DESTINATION)

TRADED PARCELS

REFINERY

OPERATION

PLANTATION AND 

MILL OPERATION

Figure 1: 

Overview of Wilmar's Supply Chain


In view of the ongoing challenges of commodity 

transport and trading, we acknowledge that 

achieving 100% traceability has not been 

possible. In palm oil procurement and trading, 

the supply network to refineries is not just limited 

to direct purchase of CPO and/or palm kernels 

(PK) from mills; refineries may also procure bulk 

and redistributed oil from third-party refiners 

The graph below illustrates the traceability status of Wilmar's operations globally from October 2014 - September 2015

Traceability (October 2014 to September 2015)

or traders. Where these type of purchases are 

made, the CPO mill origin may not be available.  

In terms of traceability to plantations2, Wilmar 

will be publishing the FFB sourcing of our own 

mills in phases, starting with the Malaysian maps 

which are now available on our dashboard. 

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Indonesia

Malaysia

India, 

Bangladesh 

and Sri Lanka

China - 

Specialty Fats

Ghana, Nigeria 

and South Africa

Europe

Vietnam

United 

States of 

America

Ukraine

China - 

Oleochemicals

Traceability %

2 http://www.wilmar-

international.com/wp-content/

uploads/2016/01/Traceability-

Back-to-Plantation.pdf 

Unknown

Traceable to Mill

Policy Progress Report 2015        10

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Supplier Compliance to the  

Wilmar Policy

Mills Assessments

By the end of 2015, field assessments had been 

carried out on 47 mills and a representation of their 

supply base in Indonesia, Malaysia, Latin America, 

and Ghana. This represents about 145% of the 

recommended ISEAL sample size for 1,000 mills3 

that we procure from globally. 

A sampling regime was necessary given the large 

number of supplying mills, as it is not possible 

to conduct an assessment on all 1,000 mills. The 

selection of mills was conducted with The Forest 

3 The number of mills 

selected is based on the 

ISEAL’s recommended 

sampling regimen for group 

certification, which is √y, 

where y is the total number of 

entities involved. For Wilmar, 

we have adopted 1,000 as the 

total number of mills in our 

supply base.

4  http://www.wilmar-

international.com/wp-content/

uploads/2016/01/Prioritizing-

Mill-Visits.pdf

Assessments Completed

External

Internal

Indonesia

26

2

Malaysia

13

3

Latin America

2

-

Ghana

-

1

Total

41

6

Trust (TFT) through the Mill Prioritisation Process 

(MPP)4, which is based on the analysis of spatial 

and non-spatial data pertaining to potential 

risks within a 50km radius. Developed together 

with TFT as part of the Aggregator Refinery 

Transformation (ART) approach (see Figure 2: 

Overview of ART Approach) aimed at driving 

transformation at a given region, the MPP involves 

identification of all specific mill locations (i.e. 

through verified Global Positioning System (GPS) 

points) supplying to a specific Wilmar refinery 

and overlaying these locations on a map with 

information on national parks, forested areas, 

peatland and biodiversity hotspots, etc. 

Policy Progress Report 2015        11

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


ART – a Landscape Approach to Ensuring  

Policy Compliance

With over 1,000 suppliers, it is important for Wilmar 

to address supplier compliance through a collective 

and regional approach. While we conduct mill 

assessments based on a sample in a specific region, 

the results of these assessments are consolidated 

into a wider generalised report that is shared 

to all Wilmar suppliers in that particular region. 

Called the ‘Overarching Report’, this is part of 

ART process which aims to provide a collaborative 

5 http://www.wilmar-

international.com/wp-content/

uploads/2016/01/Sabah-

Overarching-Report.pdf

framework of solutions and shared best practices 

to common issues for mills and growers within a 

region. We believe such an approach helps affect 

transformation on the ground. Monitoring is 

required, and will be an ongoing process. 

As of end of 2015, Wilmar has completed on the 

ART process for Sandakan5. Many of our projects 

and collaborations in 2015 are focussed in Sabah, 

as there is already a supplier-centric movement to 

develop solutions with Wilmar. 

Figure 2: 

Overview of Aggregator Refinery Transformation Approach

Traceability 

– Mill Mapping

High Level 

Engagement 

– Field Visits to assess 

against Wilmar’s 

sourcing policy

Broad Engagement/ 

Transformation at 

Landscape Level

Ongoing 

Monitoring

Mill Prioritisation 

– Desktop Based 

Assessments

An overarching report summarising all findings 

from the field assessments produced. Issues 

common to that particular locality would 

be identified, and recommendations on 

improvement provided.

Knowledge is shared with ALL suppliers from 

that region.

Policy Progress Report 2015        12

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Proactive Monitoring of Suppliers

Wilmar has enlisted the support of an international 

NGO partner to actively monitor and identify issues 

that could be linked to Wilmar’s suppliers at the 

plantation, mill or group level. This is a proactive 

strategy to manage risks, ensure compliance and 

eventually achieve transformation within the larger 

palm oil industry. 

More than 40 groups of palm oil mill/plantation 

companies are on our monitoring list. We have 

initiated engagements with companies where issues 

were identified, and recommended the necessary 

corrective actions or improvements, where relevant.

Smallholder Suppliers

In Sabah, Peninsular Malaysia, North Sumatra 

and Uganda, TFT has conducted smallholder 

assessments on compliance to the Wilmar 

Integrated Policy. Further consultations will be 

carried out in order to draft an action plan which will 

be agreed upon by key stakeholders involved in its 

implementation.

6 2014 ACOP of Wilmar 

International Limited and PPB 

OIL Berhad 

 

http://www.rspo.org/file/

acop2014b/submissions/

wilmar%20international%20ltd-

ACOP2014b.pdf

http://www.rspo.org/file/

acop2014b/submissions/

ppb%20oil%20palms%20

berhad-ACOP2014b.pdf

Left: Wilmar employee 

harvesting palm oil

Wilmar’s own compliance  

to the Policy

Certification as Basis for Good Practice 

The implementation of the Roundtable on 

Sustainable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) 

Principles and Criteria in Wilmar’s own operations 

enables us to ensure that we are adhering to the 

requirements of our Integrated Policy. 

RSPO Certification remains a priority for Wilmar, 

as part of our commitment to continuous 

improvement and to provide assurance to 

stakeholders.  

As of the end of 2015, more than 80% of our 

planted areas are RSPO certified. 

More information on Wilmar’s certification 

endeavour can be found on our RSPO Annual 

Communication on Progress (ACOP) 2014 reports6. 

2015 updates will be available when the ACOP 

2015 report submission is due in 2016.



Policy Progress Report 2015        13

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Conservation of Biodiversity Values

Wilmar has about 30,000 ha of conservation areas 

across our operations in Malaysia, Indonesia and 

Africa. These conservation areas are continually 

being managed and maintained; this includes the 

protection and conservation of rare, threatened 

and endangered species and ecosystems, as well 

as areas that provide ecosystem services and 

community livelihoods, and heritage sites. Our 

experience has shown that while some management 

actions can be implemented unilaterally, some need 

to be strengthened through partnerships. 

One such example is the tripartite partnership 

between the Government of Central Kalimantan, 

Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF) and 

Wilmar. This partnership was established to work 

with the local communities around our plantations 

in Central Kalimantan, to protect and manage 

orangutan habitats in the area. 

Conserving Orangutans through Tripartite Partnership 

with Government, Civil Society and Industry

Orangutan habitats were identified in parts of our concessions 

in Central Kalimantan; these areas were earmarked as High 

Conservation Value (HCV) to be set aside. Wilmar collaborated 

with the provincial government of Central Kalimantan and 

the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF), to better 

safeguard these HCV areas and ensure that orangutan 

populations are able to thrive.

With our partners, we completed a community participative 

mapping exercise for five of the villages adjacent to Wilmar’s PT 

Mentaya Sawit Mas (PT MSM). This mapping exercise provided 

the basis for joint agreements between village communities, the 

provincial government, BOSF and Wilmar to manage and conserve 

the 3,979 ha of HCV orangutan habitat in Wilmar’s concessions. 

Best management practices for Orangutan Conservation were also 

developed, and used as a guide for stakeholders.

This tripartite partnership was further extended for another two 

years to 2017 to continue the work on the ground.



Above: Signing of extension of tripartite partnership, 

25 November 2015







































Policy Progress Report 2015        14

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Reducing our Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Wilmar closely monitors our Greenhouse Gas 

(GHG) emissions, particularly for our operations 

in Indonesia and Malaysia. We constantly strive 

to adopt best practices to reduce our carbon 

footprint at major sources of GHG emissions 

that have been identified. This is demonstrated 

in our ongoing effort to retrofit our palm oil mills 

with methane capture facilities. An operational 

methane capture facility can potentially reduce 

a palm oil mill’s GHG emissions by 90%. The 

recovered biogas will be used for renewable 

power generation.

As of end 2015, we have eight operational 

methane capture facilities, with 14 more under 

construction.

No Exploitation of Labour 

From our 2014 and 2015 mill assessments in 

Sandakan, we identified labour issues as one of the 

more commonly occurring issues in the Sandakan 

Overarching Report7, amongst our suppliers and 

their supply base. 

We have started working with a small number 

of our suppliers, linked to our Ribubonus Mill, 

to work out a joint plan to address the issue of 

education access for children of foreign workers. 

We have also shared samples of contracts 

and conditions, as well as Standard Operating 

Procedures (SOPs) that Wilmar uses to help our 

suppliers implement better work documentation 

and procedures for their workers. These initiatives 

will be furthered in 2016.

Support for Smallholders

In 2015, our focus has been to identify incentives 

for our smallholder suppliers to pursue 

sustainable practices. 

In Malaysia, we are working with Wild Asia, a 

Malaysian social enterprise, to help independent 

smallholder suppliers in Sabah attain RSPO 

certification. In conjunction with this initiative, 

Wilmar started a fertiliser scheme8 to help these 

smallholder suppliers gain access to fertilisers, 

at wholesale prices, with application advice and 

monitoring.

In Indonesia, our focus has been on setting up 

groups of independent smallholders to enable 

better management. We have started working 

directly with independent smallholders in South 

Sumatra to help them achieve RSPO group 

certification.

7 http://www.wilmar-

international.com/wp-content/

uploads/2016/01/Sabah-

Overarching-Report.pdf 

8 http://www.theborneopost.

com/2015/12/13/fertilizer-

credit-scheme-to-benefit-oil-

palm-planters/



Left: Sprayers in Wilmar’s 

plantations

Policy Progress Report 2015        15

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Project: Sustainable Palm Oil and Traceability with Sabah small producers (SPOTS)

Partners: Wild Asia Group Certification Scheme, L’oreal, Clariant, Global Amines 

Officially launched at RSPO RT13 Meeting in November 2015, the SPOTS project is an expansion of an existing 

collaboration between Wilmar and Wild Asia in the Beluran district of Sabah, to certify smallholder farmers 

through a group certification scheme. The project now includes off-taker partners, which strengthens the 

demand for certified Fresh Fruit Bunches (FFB) from smallholders. The project aims to help 500 smallholders 

become certified against the RSPO standard, and produce the equivalent of about 70,000 MT of FFB by 2020.

The incentives provided to the smallholders are based on a two-pronged approach. The first is the provision 

of a direct premium for FFB sales to Wilmar mills, with an additional premium of any RSPO certified CPO 

volumes purchased by the off-taker partner paid to the smallholder.  The premiums help to encourage 

interest in smallholders to see that there is payback for sustainability efforts, and increases the physical 

flow of RSPO certified FFB to CPO. The second is the provision of agronomic advice and extension services 

to committed smallholders to enable productivity increases. Both incentives create a ‘reward loop’ for 

smallholders to continue with sustainable practices.

Incentivising Sustainability for Smallholders



Above: Fresh fruit bunch grading and quality training with smallholders

Policy Progress Report 2015        16

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Risk Management: Transparency and 

Accountability 

Wilmar embarked on a number of initiatives tailored 

to manage risks and drive change in both our direct 

and indirect supply chains. 

Dashboard

We believe that increasing transparency 

means added accountability. Our sustainability 

dashboard was launched in January 2015, 

and provides updates on the progress of our 

Integrated Policy implementation work. While 

access has been provided to all who ask (requiring 

login) since its launch, login requirements will be 

removed by the end of the first quarter of 2016. 

Our sustainability dashboard is accessible 

at http://www.wilmar-international.com/

sustainability/dashboard/

Grievance Procedure

Although we carry out field assessments to ensure 

that our suppliers fully comply with our Integrated 

Policy, we recognise that policy breaches may 

occasionally go undetected given the scale of our 

global operations, especially for suppliers that 

do not feed directly into our supply chain. To this 

end, Wilmar launched the Grievance Procedure in 

January 2015, as part of risk management. A panel 

of civil society organisations was invited to review 

and provide feedback to the preliminary draft of 

the Grievance Procedure prior to its finalisation. 

A first for the industry, this platform records and 

investigates reports from stakeholders on potential 

breaches of our Integrated Policy by either Wilmar’s 

own operations or our suppliers. Stakeholders are 

able to view the full list of grievance cases, and 

follow the latest developments in our handing of 

grievance cases via the dashboard. As of end 2015, 

we have registered and investigated 19 cases. 

We have learned and drawn many lessons from 

the one year the grievance procedure has been 

in operation. As part of continuous improvement, 

our grievance procedure will undergo its first 

review in 2016, and we will again invite civil society 

organisations to be part of this review process.

1

1

5

12

Total Grievance Cases 

Investigated: 19

Corrective Plan in Place

Suspended Suppliers

Ongoing Engagement

Grievance Linked to Wilmar Operations

Policy Progress Report 2015        17

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


CHANGES IN

THE INDUSTRY

Following Wilmar’s announcement of our Integrated 

Policy, others in the industry have also made 

similar sustainability commitments. These include 

Musim Mas9, Cargill10, IOI11, Bumitama12 and 

First Resources13. The transformation of the palm 

oil industry relies on change at scale; with similar 

commitments made by other large buyers of palm, 

this has helped effectively change how the industry 

operates, building sustainability as part of “business 

as usual”.

Nevertheless, a good proportion of the palm oil 

trade is represented by small and medium-sized 

companies, and is not covered by these policy 

commitments. This remains a challenging area for 

Wilmar and our like-minded peers to influence and 

effect change.

Stakeholder Engagement

Wilmar’s Integrated Policy has resulted in a greater 

engagement with a broad range of stakeholders, 

and created opportunities for closer collaboration 

and more effective solution development with our 

suppliers as well as NGOs and civil society.  

Suppliers: We have socialised our Integrated 

Policy with all our direct suppliers, providing them 

with a platform to discuss the implications and 

requirements of adopting similar policies. This also 

provided us with a means to create awareness of 

the market demands for the need to delink our 

palm oil supply chain from deforestation and human 

rights abuses. 

9 http://www.musimmas.com/

news/general-news/2014/

musim-mas-affirms-its-

commitment-to-sustainability

10  https://www.cargill.com/

wcm/groups/public/@ccom/

documents/document/palm_

oil_policy_statement.pdf

11 http://www.ioigroup.com/

Content/S/PDF/IOI%20

Sustainability%20Policy%20

Statement.pdf

12  http://files.shareholder.

com/downloads/AMDA-

WWON6/1174383945x0x

846018/02AC9BB3-06DC-

4649-8CD3-B00824B95F1E/

Released_Cover_-_

Bumitama_-_Sustainability_

Policy_and_Report.pdf 

13 http://www.first-resources.

com/sustainability.

php?pc=policy

Left: Supplier engagement 

meeting in Sandakan, East 

Malaysia



Policy Progress Report 2015        18

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


Civil society and non-governmental organisations 

(NGOs): Several stakeholder dialogues were held in 

Indonesia, Malaysia, Europe and Australia over the 

last two years. This has provided us with a platform 

to engage more directly with this network. There 

is also an appreciation from these stakeholders of 

the ability to engage directly with Wilmar to seek 

solutions for sustainability challenges, including 

breaches of our Integrated Policy. NGOs have also 

been approached to help us improve our processes, 

such as the Global Environment Centre (GEC) and 

Sabah Environmental Protection Association (SEPA), 

to evaluate and suggest improvements on our MPP. 

Multi-stakeholder Collaborations

Wilmar is an active participant in a variety of 

multi-stakeholder partnerships. We are a signatory 

and founding member of the Indonesian Palm 

Oil Pledge (IPOP), together with five other palm 

oil majors, as well as the Indonesian Chamber of 

Commerce. IPOP seeks to create an environment 

in Indonesia which enables and promotes 

the production of sustainable palm oil that is 

deforestation free, expands social benefits, and 

improves palm oil's market competitiveness. Wilmar 

is also a partner of the Tropical Forest Alliance 

2020, which brings governments, private sector 

and civil society together to end deforestation 

in commodity production, and the Banking 

Environment Initiative’s Sustainable Trade 

Finance Council, which seeks to incentivise the 

trade of sustainably produced commodities at scale. 

At the local level, Wilmar has been playing a leading 

role in bridging partnerships between governments, 

communities and civil society, to bring about 

optimal environmental and social outcomes. 

The Landscape &amp; Jurisdictional 

Approach

The drivers of deforestation and degradation are 

dynamic and interlinked, and need to be addressed 

holistically. The Landscape Approach has emerged 

as a potential way to achieve the multiple objectives 

required from a landscape, including agricultural 

production, provision of ecosystem services, and 

protection of biodiversity and local livelihoods. The 

Landscape Approach forms the basis of Wilmar’s 

“No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation” 

Integrated Policy.

Where the government is building a regulatory 

framework in a specific region to address 

deforestation or other sustainability issues, this is 

called the jurisdictional approach. 

Since the launch of Wilmar’s Integrated Policy, 

several jurisdictional approaches for sustainable oil 

palm production have been launched. In 2015, the 

respective governments announced jurisdictional 

approach for palm oil certification in Central 

Kalimantan14, and Sabah15. These are regions 

where Wilmar has a significant oil palm production 

presence, and we have committed to supporting 

the government in setting up the regulatory and 

policy frameworks.

Wilmar is also pursuing a similar landscape 

approach in Riau, with a focus on smallholders, 

in collaboration with the Indonesian Sustainable 

Palm Oil (ISPO) and United Nations Development 

Programme16.

14 http://www.rspo.org/

news-and-events/news/

central-kalimantan-announces-

jurisdictional-certification-for-

sustainable-palm-oil

15 http://www.forest.sabah.

gov.my/media-centre/press-

release/474-statewide-certified-

sustainable-palm-oil 

16 http://www.inpop.id/en/

news/read/11-13-2015-in-the-

field-improving-land-legality-

for-smallholders 

Policy Progress Report 2015        19

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


2016 AND BEYOND: NEW TARGETS 

AND FACING THE CHALLENGES

Wilmar has come a long way, but we recognise 

that there is still much work to be done. We are 

gearing up for 2016 and beyond with a line-up of 

programmes which we believe will help address 

ongoing challenges and bring the industry closer to 

its sustainability goals.

Furthering Supplier Compliance 

through a Regional Landscape 

Approach

In 2016, Wilmar aims to complete the ART process 

in North Sumatra, Central Kalimantan, and 

Peninsular Malaysia based on mill assessments 

already carried out in 2015. Supplier mill 

assessments will focus on Sarawak, Riau and Latin 

America in 2016, which will translate into ARTs in 

due course.

Traceability Back to Plantations

Engagement with our third-party CPO suppliers 

to establish traceability of their FFB supply bases 

started in 2015, and will continue this year. In 

partnership with Geotraceability and IDH, we will 

undertake trials using three of our Sabah mills and 

work with two major suppliers and their supply 

bases to develop a working model to set up a 

large-scale farmer performance management and 

traceability system to include all FFB suppliers. Our 

end-goal is to replicate this for all our third-party 

suppliers.

More information on Wilmar’s approach to FFB 

traceability can be found on our dashboard: http://

www.wilmar-international.com/sustainability/

dashboard/

Empowering Smallholders

Our smallholder projects in 2015 have built in 

incentives to encourage and reward sustainable 

practices. This year we will extend these projects 

to include elements important to increasing 

smallholder productivity, including: 

- Responsible replanting with improved 

 crop materials

- Access to affordable fertilizer 

- Agronomic advisory and support

- Building traceability systems for smallholders’ 

FFB source

We have received commitments of external donor 

funds to pursue these smallholder projects in 2016 

and beyond. 

Our target is to increase smallholder sustainability, 

mainly through certification, in key smallholder 

supply areas identified for Wilmar; notably Riau, 

South Sumatra, and Sabah. We are also targeting 

five smallholder-centric projects to be initiated by 

our third-party suppliers in 2016. 

We are actively working with local governments in 

Sabah, Central Kalimantan and Riau, to identify the 

most effective way to promote sustainable practices 

amongst smallholder producers.  In 2016 Wilmar will 

be actively involved in the jurisdictional approach 

for certification. 

Identifying Labour Best Practices &amp; 

Removing Exploitation 

In 2016, Wilmar will be developing a Labour 

Programme in collaboration with a respectable 

labour organisation that will involve Wilmar’s 

operations and FFB suppliers in Malaysia and 

Policy Progress Report 2015        20

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


17 The Fire Free Village 

approach was pioneered 

by APRIL Group, a leading 

producer of pulp and paper.

18 http://www.wilmar-

international.com/wp-content/

uploads/2016/01/Wilmar’s-

partnership-with-the-Royal-

Society’s-South-East-Asia-

Rainforest_Final.pdf

Left: Delivery of fresh fruit 

bunches to the mill



Indonesia. This programme, which will include 

material development and training, is targeted to be 

rolled out to our third-party suppliers by end 2016.   

Reducing Deforestation Caused 

by Fires 

The South East Asian region experienced one 

of the worst incidents of haze in 2015, caused 

by the widespread forest fires in Indonesia, and 

exacerbated by the El-Nino weather phenomenon. 

While Wilmar has a strict No Burn Policy in place, 

we were nevertheless affected by fires in our 

operating landscapes.

Recognising that a long-term solution is needed 

to address the fire and haze issue, which is often 

attributed to land-clearing activities of small 

farmers, Wilmar is looking to adopt the “Fire 

Free Village17” approach, which has proven to be 

effective in the Riau Province of Indonesia. This is an 

incentive-based fire prevention scheme aimed at 

encouraging local communities to steer away from 

using fires to clear land.

Plans are already underway to pilot this initiative 

in three estates in Central Kalimantan and South 

Sumatra respectively.

Greenhouse Gas Reductions 

We are pursuing efforts to further reduce our GHG 

emissions, through collaborative academic research 

wherever relevant and applicable, including where 

we have existing peat plantings. We are pursuing 

this with the Royal Society’s South East Asia 

Rainforest Research Programme18, amongst other 

research objectives in 2016.

Policy Progress Report 2015        21

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED




CONCLUDING 

REMARKS

Wilmar has dedicated significant resources over 

the last two years to realising our goal of removing 

deforestation, peat and human rights abuses 

from our operations and external supply-chain. 

The targets, timelines, and level of transparency 

we have committed to are some of the most 

ambitious in the palm oil industry. Along the 

way, we have been open and honest about the 

progress we have made, as well as the challenges 

and deficiencies we still need to overcome. I 

greatly appreciate the understanding and support 

from our internal and external stakeholders, who 

have been with us in this journey in helping and 

pushing us towards our goal.

I am proud of the progress our team has achieved 

thus far, and heartened that Wilmar’s Integrated 

Policy has kick-started change in the palm oil 

industry with almost all our industry peers having 

announced similar sustainability policy over the 

last two years. However, we recognise that much 

remains to be done. 

It is important to recognise that sustainability is a 

shared responsibility. The drivers of deforestation 

and degradation are bigger than the palm oil 

industry, and need to be addressed holistically. 

Collective endeavour by businesses, governments, 

communities and civil society is required in order to 

effect real and lasting change on the ground. There 

is also a need to define a clear means to measure 

and track the progress of these commitments 

by both Wilmar and the industry as a whole, to 

assess whether it has been effective in reducing 

actual deforestation. Wilmar is willing to work with 

partners in 2016 towards this end, as part of our 

continued efforts to steer the palm oil industry 

towards responsible and sustainable practices.

Jeremy Goon

Chief Sustainability Officer, Wilmar International



Left: Jeremy Goon, seated 

5th from right, with the 

Wilmar Sustainability Team

Policy Progress Report 2015        22

WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Co. Reg. No. 199904785Z

56 Neil Road Singapore 088830

Tel: (65) 6216 0244  Fax: (65) 6536 2192

info@wilmar.com.sg

www.wilmar-international.com

