
 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  |    i





SUSTAINABLE  

DEVELOPMENT  

REPORT 

2016


On the cover

Woodside places great value in supporting 

and recognising indigenous cultures. 

The cover shows West Australian Aboriginal 

theatre company Yirra Yaakin performing 

Boodjar Kaatijin. The performance takes 

the audience on a cultural journey about 

Noongar knowledge sharing, caring for 

country and environmental sustainability. 

Woodside has supported the Yirra Yaakin 

Theatre Company since 2012 and the 

Sustainable Development Report is our 

way of sharing our sustainability story and 

demonstrating how we have grown in 2016.

Our Annual Report 2016

Our Annual Report 2016 is a summary of 

Woodside’s operations, activities and financial 

position as at 31 December 2016. Copies of the 

Annual Report 2016 are available on request 

or from our website.

Additional information

In this report, we have indicated where 

additional information is available in other 

sections of this report and online like this:

Notes and definitions and a glossary  

of key terms are on pages 62-63.

For more information go to our website.

Report feedback

To help us improve our report, we welcome 

your feedback.

Email: communities@woodside.com.au

We are working with Green ReportsTM in 

an initiative that ensures communications 

minimise environmental impact and create a 

more sustainable future for the community.

Our Compass

Who we are

Integrity

We are open, honest and fair. We do what we 

say we will do. We have the courage to do the 

right thing.

Respect

We give everyone a fair go. We listen. 

Working sustainably

We are here for the long term. We look 

after each other, our communities and the 

environment. We keep each other safe.

Working together

We are on the same team.  

We build long-term partnerships.

Discipline

We play by the rules.  

We set goals and we hold ourselves to account.

Excellence

We achieve great results.  

We learn. We get better.

Where we’re going

Our mission

To deliver superior shareholder returns.

Our vision

Our aim is to be a global leader in upstream 

oil and gas.

Our strategic direction

Maintain our leading Australian position 

by optimising our producing assets and 

commercialising our growth projects and  

other premium opportunities.

Grow our portfolio by leveraging our core 

capabilities for global upstream growth.

How we’ll get there

Partner of choice

We are the premium choice for partnerships 

based on our distinctive capabilities, culture 

and track record as a great partner.

Engaged people

We work for a highly regarded and 

successful company. We are part of a team 

working together for great results and have 

opportunities to contribute and grow.

Functional excellence

We leverage our core capabilities and the 

latest technology to create new opportunities 

and sharpen our competitive edge.

Decision effectiveness

We make and execute decisions in line with 

our business priorities and  

our values.





SUSTAINABLE  

DEVELOPMENT  

REPORT 

2016

 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  |    i





ANNUAL 

REPORT 

2016



DELIVERING VALUE GROWTH


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  1

About this report

Scope 

This report is published for key stakeholders 

to understand Woodside’s sustainability 

approach, actions, performance and key 

material issues for the 12-month period ended 

31 December 2016. The report was approved 

by the Woodside Board of Directors on  

14 March 2017.

Woodside Petroleum Ltd (ABN 55 004 898 

962) is the parent company of the Woodside 

group of companies. In this report, unless 

otherwise stated, references to ‘Woodside’, 

the ‘Company’ and the ‘Group’ refer to 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd and its controlled 

entities. The information in this report covers 

all sites and production facilities wholly 

owned and operated by Woodside or that are 

operated by Woodside in a joint venture.

Our share of production and revenues from 

non-operated assets is reported on an equity 

share basis. In these instances, we have only 

reported the Woodside interest. Health, 

safety, environment and people performance 

data is reported as total, although 

environmental performance data also includes 

a Woodside equity share reporting basis. 

Health and safety data includes international 

exploration activity. 

All dollar figures in this report are expressed in 

USD currency, unless otherwise stated.

Reporting approach 

The Sustainable Development Report 

2016 has been restructured from previous 

years to reflect our updated sustainability 

principles. This change in reporting structure 

demonstrates our maturity in reporting, 

setting targets and approaching issues 

holistically as well as addressing stakeholder 

feedback. It also better links our sustainability 

principles to our company mission, vision  

and values.

The report has been prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

G4 core-level reporting. The GRI guidelines 

provide a globally accepted framework of 

principles and indicators for reporting an 

organisation’s economic, environmental and 

social position, practices and performance. 

This report includes indicators from the  

GRI G4 Oil and Gas Sector Disclosures. 

Woodside also reports in accordance with 

IPIECA and Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on 

Voluntary Industry Reporting (2015). IPIECA  

is the global oil and gas industry association 

for environmental and social issues. 

A GRI and IPIECA content index, which cross-

references the GRI and IPIECA indicators to 

the relevant sections of this report and the 

Annual Report 2016, is summarised on page 

57 and more information can be found on 

our website. 

In determining the report content, we have 

been guided by the AA1000 standard. The 

AA1000 standard provides a framework for 

our organisation to identify, prioritise and 

respond to sustainability challenges.

Inclusivity 

We acknowledge the importance of 

stakeholder participation in developing and 

implementing our response to sustainability 

reporting. We sought the opinions of a range 

of stakeholders as part of the materiality 

process that helped to define the content 

of this report. More information on our 

stakeholders, their interests and our responses 

can be found on pages 14 and 15. 

Materiality 

Issues are considered material if they have 

the potential to impact our ability to achieve 

our business strategy or affect our reputation, 

or they are of material concern to our 

stakeholders. The materiality assessment 

process is discussed on page 12. This year 

we selected six material issues. Each material 

issue has a case study included. 

Responsiveness 

The report aims to respond to those issues 

identified as material for Woodside and our 

stakeholders. Information on our response to 

material issues can be found throughout the 

report (see page 13 for specific locations). 

External assurance 

Ernst &amp; Young has conducted reasonable 

assurance over information in the Sustainable 

Development Report 2016 related to 

Woodside’s material issues and limited 

assurance over the balance of the report. 

A copy of Ernst &amp; Young’s assurance 

statement is on page 64.

OVERVIEW


2 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Contents

Overview

About Woodside 

3

Our areas of activity 

4

Message from our Chief Executive Officer 

6

Message from our Sustainability Committee 

7

Woodside value chain 

8

Our approach to sustainability 

10

Materiality 

12

Materiality matrix 

13

Understanding our stakeholders 

14

A year in review 

16

Operating with transparency and integrity

Business ethics 

18

Transparency, anti-bribery and corruption 

19

Regulatory compliance 

20

Payment transparency  

21

Human rights, security and supply chain 

22

Fostering the organisation and culture

People 

24

Leadership and capability 

25

Inclusion and diversity 

26

Building a resilient business

World energy outlook 

28

Economic performance 

29

Climate change 

30

Applying technology and innovation 

34

Operating responsibly

Major incident prevention 

36

Major incident response 

38

Health and safety performance 

40

Health and wellbeing 

42

Managing our environmental impacts 

43

Engaging communities and managing impacts 

44

Creating shared value

Value generated (economic contribution) 

46

Social investment 

46

Indigenous engagement 

48

Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)  

49

Supply chain 

50

Technology and innovation collaboration  

52

Sustainability performance

Sustainability targets 

54

Our performance  

55

GRI and IPIECA indexes 

57

Data tables 

59

Notes and definitions 

62

Glossary 

63

EY assurance statement 

64


About Woodside

Woodside is Australia’s largest 

independent oil and gas company 

with a global portfolio, recognised for 

our world-class capabilities – as an 

explorer, a developer, a producer and 

supplier of energy. 

Our mission is to deliver superior shareholder 

returns through realising our vision of 

becoming a global leader in upstream oil  

and gas. 

Our assets are renowned for their safety, 

reliability and efficiency, and we are 

Australia’s most experienced liquefied natural 

gas (LNG) operator. We operate 8% of global 

LNG supply.1 

Our producing assets in Australia include the 

landmark North West Shelf (NWS) Project, 

which has been operating since 1984. In 2012, 

we commenced production from the Pluto 

LNG Plant and will add additional volumes 

from our non-operated Wheatstone LNG 

interests in mid-2017. 

Today, we continue to be at the forefront of 

our industry by seeking to grow new markets 

for LNG. To achieve this we are planning 

for Australia’s first LNG fuel hub to capture 

growing land and marine LNG fuel markets. 

We also operate a fleet of floating production 

storage and offloading (FPSO) facilities. 

From mid-2019, we will add additional oil 

production from the Greater Enfield Project 

via our existing Ngujima-Yin FPSO facility. 

We continue to expand our capabilities in 

marketing, trading and shipping and have 

enduring relationships that span more 

than 25 years with foundation customers 

throughout the Asia-Pacific region.

As a low-cost energy supplier with a 

sustainable business model, we are pursuing 

opportunities to deliver affordable energy to 

the world’s growing markets. 

Our global exploration portfolio includes 

emerging and frontier provinces in Australia 

and the Asia-Pacific region, the Atlantic 

margins and Sub-Saharan Africa. 

We have significant equity interests in 

high-quality development opportunities 

in Australia, Senegal, Myanmar and North 

America and are pursuing new concepts, 

technology and contracting strategies to 

enable the earliest commercialisation of these 

resources in line with global demand. 

We believe that technology and innovation 

are essential to bringing down costs 

and unlocking future growth. Today, we 

are pioneering remote support and the 

application of artificial intelligence and 

advanced analytics across our operations. 

We recognise that long-term meaningful 

relationships with communities are 

fundamental to maintaining our licence to 

operate, and we work to build mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

Woodside is characterised by strong 

safety and environmental performance in 

all locations where we are active and we 

are committed to upholding our values 

of integrity, respect, working sustainably, 

discipline, excellence and working together. 

Our success is driven by our people and we 

aim to attract, develop and retain a diverse 

high performing workforce. Our proven track 

record, distinctive capabilities and ability to 

manage risk and volatility are underpinned 

by more than 60 years of experience, making 

us a partner of choice.

1.  Source: WoodMackenzie LNG Tool, Q4 2016

 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd | Overview 3


4 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Our areas 

of activity

PRODUCING FACILITIES

Australia

North West Shelf Karratha Gas Plant

North Rankin Complex

Goodwyn Platform

Angel Platform

Okha FPSO

Role Operator

Operator

Operator

Operator

Operator

Equity 16.67%

16.67%

16.67%

16.67%

33.33%

Product LNG, pipeline natural 

gas, condensate and 

LPG

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas, condensate and 

LPG

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas, condensate and 

LPG

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas, condensate and 

LPG

Condensate and oil

Pluto LNG Pluto LNG Platform

Pluto LNG Plant

Role Operator

Operator

Equity 90%

90%

Product LNG and condensate

LNG and condensate

Australia oil Ngujima-Yin FPSO

Nganhurra FPSO

Armada Claire FPSO1

Northern Endeavour FPSO2

Role Operator

Operator

Operator

Operator

Equity 60%

60%

65%

59.9-66.7%

Product Oil

Oil

Oil

Oil

International

Canada

Kitimat LNG

Role Non-operator

Equity 50%

Product Pipeline natural gas

PROJECTS

Australia

Persephone Project

Greater Western Flank 

Phase 2 Project

Wheatstone LNG

Julimar Project

Greater Enfield Project

Role Operator

Operator

Non-operator

Operator

Operator

Equity 16.67%

16.67%

13%

65%

60%

Product LNG, pipeline natural 

gas and condensate

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas and condensate

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas and condensate

LNG, pipeline natural 

gas and condensate

Oil

DEVELOPMENTS

Australia

Browse Development

Sunrise LNG

Scarborough

Role Operator

Operator

Operator and non-operator

Equity 30.60%

33.44%

25%-50%

International

Canada

Role

Equity

Kitimat LNG

Senegal SNE

USA Port Arthur LNG

Non-operator

Non-operator

Non-operator

50%

35%

Project Development 

Agreement

1. Operations ceased at the Balnaves oil field in March 2016, with the permanent departure of the Armada Claire FPSO facility in early April 2016.

2. In September 2015, Woodside entered into a conditional agreement to sell its interests in the Laminaria-Corallina Joint Venture. This transaction was completed in April 2016.

Woodside has areas of activity across the value chain, exploring, developing,  

producing and supplying to market. This table outlines our activities and  

operated and non-operated roles. Activities and locations across the value  

chain are shown diagrammatically on pages 8 and 9 more detailed  

information is available in Woodside’s Annual Report 2016.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  5

Perth 

Woodside Headquarters

Peru

Gabon

New Zealand

Myanmar

Morocco

United States of America

Ireland

Canada

OVERVIEW

EXPLORATION

Australia and Asia-Pacific

Australia Various titles3

New Zealand PEP-55793 and PEP-55794

Role Operator and 

non-operator

Operator

Equity Various equities

70%

Target Oil or gas prone basins

Oil or gas prone basin

Myanmar AD-5 and A-7

AD-74 and A-6

AD-2 and A-4

Role Operator

Joint operator

Non-operator

Equity 55% and 45%

40% 

45%

Target Gas prone basin

Gas prone basin

Gas prone basin

Atlantic Margins

Senegal Rufisque Offshore, 

Sangomar Offshore 

and Sangomar Deep 

Offshore

Morocco Rabat Deep I-VI

Ireland FEL 3/14, 4/14, 5/13, 

5/14 and LO 16/14

Role Non-operator

Non-operator

Operator

Equity 35%

25%

60%-100%

Target Oil prone basin

Oil prone basin

Oil or gas prone basin

Sub-Saharan Africa Latin America

Gabon5 F15 Doukou Dak and 

E13 Luna Muetse

Peru Block 108

Role Non-operator

Non-operator

Equity 40%

35%

Target Oil prone basin

Oil prone basin

Senegal

3. For further information on Woodside’s Australian titles, please refer to the titles register website (www.neats.nopta.gov.au).

4. Operator for deep-water drilling.

5. Woodside farm-in to Luna-Muetse Block is awaiting final Government approval.


6 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Message from  

our Chief Executive 

Officer

Woodside maintained its ongoing commitment to sustainable, responsible  

and safe operations in 2016, despite the challenge presented early in the year  

by low oil prices.

Woodside’s approach has matured 

significantly since we published our first 

Sustainable Development Report in 2006.  

Ten years on and our sustainability principles 

are embedded at every level of our company 

and underpin our vision, mission and values.

We are committed to operating with 

transparency and integrity, fostering our 

organisation and culture, building a resilient 

business, operating responsibly and creating 

shared value through relationships with our 

stakeholders.

These principles are integral to our company’s 

vision to be a global leader in upstream oil 

and gas. Our commitment to sustainability 

encompasses not just the environmental 

footprint we leave but also our long-term 

engagement with communities.

Even in challenging economic times, 

Woodside maintains a substantial contribution 

to the communities in which we operate.

Our focus on health and safety is unwavering. 

Over the last five years, we have significantly 

improved our safety performance, achieving 

a 60% reduction in our total recordable injury 

rate. Our aim is to continuously improve year 

on year towards a goal of industry leading 

health and safety performance. 

We recognise the impact of climate change 

and are committed to being part of the 

solution. We believe that natural gas will play 

an increasingly important role globally, both 

in the energy mix and in reducing greenhouse 

gas emissions. This belief underpins our 

decision to support the emergence of a 

market for LNG as a fuel for shipping and 

onshore transport, starting in northern 

Western Australia.

We are striving to improve our emissions 

performance. For the third consecutive 

year we reduced our flared gas intensity, 

decreasing by 33% from 2015. 

In the global Dow Jones Sustainability 

Index, Woodside ranked in the top 5% of 

companies in the oil and gas upstream and 

integrated section, with an overall score 

of 80/100. This demonstrates the maturity 

of our sustainability approach and the 

ongoing commitment of our employees and 

contractors.

We embarked on our third Reconciliation 

Action Plan (RAP) in 2016 and are making 

progress in engagement with Indigenous 

communities. The RAP was awarded the 

highest of four ratings by Reconciliation 

Australia, making Woodside the only oil and 

gas company to attain the Elevate level.

In line with our global approach, we feel it is 

important to demonstrate in our operations 

and supply chains our commitment to 

preventing the occurrence of modern slavery 

and human trafficking. With this in mind, we 

have voluntarily published a Modern Slavery 

and Human Trafficking Statement for the 2016 

financial year (see page 22).

This year’s Sustainable Development Report 

is a step-change for the company. Content 

has been restructured to better demonstrate 

how our company strategy links to our 

sustainability performance and to reflect 

the integrated approach we are taking to 

sustainable development as our global 

footprint grows.

Woodside’s social licence to operate relies 

on maintaining effective relationships with 

our stakeholders. We value the views of our 

stakeholders and, through this report, we have 

sought to better understand and respond to 

the material issues that concern them.

I would like to thank David McEvoy for 

the dedication and vision he has shown as 

Chairman of the Sustainability Committee 

since its formation in 2007. In that role, he  

has overseen continuous improvement in  

our performance.

Our success is made possible by the support 

of our people, partners and communities and 

I thank everyone for their contribution to our 

outstanding performance this year.

Peter Coleman

Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director




 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  7

Message from our 

Sustainability Committee

The Sustainability Committee assists the Board in its oversight responsibilities in relation  

to Woodside’s sustainability policies and practices.

At four meetings throughout the year, the 

Committee was briefed on topics including 

health and safety, process safety, the 

environment, heritage and land access, 

security and emergency management and 

community relations.

Across these areas, the Committee focused 

on sustainability metrics that allow Woodside 

to track its performance and strive to improve 

each year.

Progress was recorded, for instance, on 

environmental measures. In 2016, we 

significantly decreased flaring intensity, due 

to improved facility reliability and turnaround 

practices. It was the first year that Woodside 

introduced a fuel-intensity target. 

As part of our ongoing response to the 

challenge of climate change, Woodside will 

seek to further improve the energy efficiency 

of producing assets, respond to stakeholder 

concerns and look for new opportunities to 

promote natural gas as a way of reducing 

greenhouse gas emissions and improving  

air quality.

Process safety continued to be a focus for the 

Committee, which was briefed on the ongoing 

success of Woodside’s Process Safety 

Management initiative, including the roll-out

of 250 training courses to more than 4,000 

attendees. Woodside’s attention to process 

safety helps to ensure risks are managed at 

all facilities, from the design phase through to 

development and into the production lifecycle. 

In addition, it was an outstanding outcome 

that the largest ever North West Shelf Project 

integrated turnaround was executed safely, 

without any recordable incidents.

In 2016, our Stand Together for Safety event 

underlined the importance of health and 

wellbeing to positive safety outcomes across 

the company. Staff were also offered mental 

health training that recognised the impact of 

external factors including changing economic 

circumstances, drug use and domestic 

violence.

The Committee recommended to the Board 

a change in Woodside’s approach to political 

contributions, such that the company would 

not donate funds to a politician, individual 

candidate or campaign in any country but 

would continue to engage with government 

through meetings, policy forums and 

events. This update to Woodside’s Code of 

Conduct reflects the company’s considered 

commitment to transparency and integrity in 

its dealings with governments in Australia and 

around the world.

In the year ahead, Woodside intends to 

consider how the United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals apply to its operations 

and what meaningful contribution the 

company can make to promoting them. 

It has been an honour to serve as Chair of the 

Sustainability Committee since its formation 

in 2007. During this time, Woodside has 

embedded the principles of sustainability in 

its daily operations and overseen the adoption 

of targets across a range of areas to support 

and monitor continuous improvement in 

the company’s performance as it delivers 

sustainable growth.

I’m pleased to advise that the Board has 

appointed Ann Pickard as the Chairman of 

the Sustainability Committee following my 

retirement at the Annual General Meeting on 

5 May 2017. Throughout her extensive career 

in oil and gas, Ann has shown a dedication 

to building sustainable energy resources and 

will bring this long-term approach to the 

leadership of the Committee as it continues 

to enhance the company’s sustainability 

performance.

David McEvoy

Committee Chairman

OVERVIEW

DAVID MCEVOY



MELINDA CILENTO





CHRISTOPHER HAYNES, 

OBE

IAN MACFARLANE





ANN PICKARD



SARAH RYAN


8 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

































































We have long recognised that our activities have environmental, 

social and economic impacts. Our value-chain graphic illustrates 

the key components of our business, how we contribute at each 

stage and the locations where these activities occur.

Acquire and explore

By maintaining a disciplined approach to managing risk and 

increasing shareholder value, we seek to grow our portfolio through 

global exploration and asset acquisitions. At the completion of this 

phase, the asset moves into the development phase.

Develop

We work closely with our customers, fellow joint venture participants, 

suppliers, governments and communities to realise the opportunities 

across the development life cycle. After resources are confirmed and 

approved, the development moves into project execution.

Seismic survey

Drilling

Offshore  construction

Onshore  construction

Woodside  

value chain


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  9

































































Decommission and divestment

When we look towards end of field life of our oil and gas assets, we aim to bring forward optimal value wherever 

we can, including divestment of late life assets. We work together with our stakeholders to ensure that the most 

sustainable options are considered at various stages to minimise financial, social and environmental impacts.

Operate

At the completion of construction, the asset moves into 

its operation phase. We have over 30 years’ experience, 

characterised by strong safety and environmental performance, in 

operating some of the world’s premier oil and gas facilities.

Market

Our valuable long-term customer relationships and our track record 

of safe and reliable delivery make us a leading supplier of energy to 

the Asia-Pacific region and the Australian domestic gas market. We 

have world-class capabilities across marketing and trading.

Offshore  processing

(Fixed platform, floating production 

storage and offloading facilities, 

floating liquefied natural gas facilities)

Onshore processing

Delivery

End user


10 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Working sustainably is a core value embedded at every level of our company  

and is fundamental to realising our vision to be a global leader in upstream  

oil and gas.

Our approach 

to sustainability

Governance

Our approach to sustainability is incorporated 

in our policies, standards and Code of 

Conduct. 

 These are available on our website.

The Woodside Management System (WMS) 

provides a structured governance framework 

with defined accountabilities and performance 

requirements. 

It describes our Woodside way of working 

enabling us to undertake activities across 

our value chain that are consistent with our 

internal standards.

In 2016, Woodside launched the revised  

WMS following an extensive streamlining 

activity of all documentation across the 

business. The WMS is now company-wide 

and its content is grouped by key business 

activities to ensure the system remains 

independent of organisational structure, is 

globally applicable and is scalable where 

required.

Sustainability performance

Woodside’s sustainability performance is 

linked to remuneration for employees and 

executives. Woodside’s corporate scorecard 

links to metrics related to our material issues. 

Refer to page 54 for our performance 

targets.

To help us evaluate our progress in a more 

objective way, we track our performance 

against a number of external benchmarks 

including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 

(DJSI), Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), 

FTSE4Good and other environmental, social 

and governance indexes. We maintained 

leader group status for our sector in the 

RobecoSAM 2017 Sustainability Yearbook and 

were awarded silver class for our 2016 DJSI 

results. Refer to page 55 for our scores.

Governance structure

Woodside’s Board of Directors has oversight 

of the company’s management and business 

activities. The Sustainability Committee 

assists the Board to meet its responsibilities 

in relation to the company’s sustainability 

policies and practices. The Sustainability 

Committee, as at 31 December 2016, was 

comprised of independent, non-executive 

directors.

Identifying and managing risk

By understanding and managing our risks, 

we provide greater protection to our people, 

communities and environment. We recognise 

that effective management of risk is vital to a 

sustainable future.

Woodside’s Audit &amp; Risk Committee oversees 

our Risk Management Policy and is responsible 

for satisfying itself that management has 

developed and implemented a sound system 

of risk management and internal control.

During 2016, the Audit &amp; Risk Committee 

reassured the company’s risk management 

framework.

Our most significant risks, and how they are 

being managed, are continually reviewed 

and summarised in a corporate risk profile. 

Stakeholder feedback and the risks and 

responsibilities outlined in our management 

framework are the two primary sources of 

information considered when determining 

our material issues. Refer to pages 12 

and 13 for more detail on the materiality 

process and material issues. 

Read more on our approach to risk 

management in Woodside’s Annual 

Report 2016.

United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals

On 25 September 2015, the United Nations 

adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 

Development, which establishes the global 

agenda launching 17 Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs). The SDGs target some of the 

world’s most serious economic, social and 

environmental issues with 17 goals and  

169 targets that set out global development 

priorities. 

We acknowledge that achieving these goals 

will require a concerted and collaborative 

global effort. Woodside intends to review how 

the SDGs apply to its operations and what 

meaningful contribution the company can 

make to promoting them.

We are here for the long term. We look after each other, our 

communities and the environment. We keep each other safe.

Woodside Compass value


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  11

OVERVIEW

Operating with  

transparency and integrity

We are open, honest and fair and we have the 

courage to do what’s right, balancing short-

and long-term interests. This section focuses 

on our values-led approach in the areas of 

regulatory compliance, code of conduct,  

anti-bribery and corruption, payment 

transparency and human rights.

Fostering the organisation  

and culture

We focus on having a values-led, high-

performance culture. We develop our people 

so we can meet our own leadership and 

technical talent requirements. All employees 

are assessed against the company values 

in their performance reviews. This section 

focuses on how we are growing outstanding 

leadership, building diverse capability 

from within and driving an inclusive high-

performing culture enabled by technology.

Building a resilient business

We acknowledge economic risks and 

uncertainties in a changing world. We are 

committed to supporting a sustainable  

energy future. This section focuses on the 

future we see for oil and gas and on our  

ability to build a resilient business  

capable of responding to challenges  

and creating new opportunities.

Operating responsibly

We believe that it is our responsibility to 

ensure that our operations are safe. Effective 

risk management is essential to ensuring 

that we are best positioned to prevent and 

respond to any incidents that have the ability 

to impact our people, our communities and 

our environment. This section focuses on the 

personal health and safety of our employees, 

the integrity of our facilities, our ability to 

respond appropriately to unplanned events, 

our community engagements and our 

environmental performance. An overview of 

stakeholder engagement is also included in 

this Report.

Creating shared value

We understand that our social licence to 

operate relies on establishing and maintaining 

meaningful and long-lasting relationships 

with our stakeholders. We believe that 

there is shared value for our business and 

our communities in the co-creation of 

opportunities in education, employment and 

enterprise as well as supporting communities 

to be resilient and maximise value of these 

opportunities. This section focuses on 

providing an overview of our economic 

and social contribution, commitment to 

relationships with indigenous peoples and a 

summary of our supply-chain performance.

Our Sustainable Development Report has been restructured this year to 

reflect how our sustainability principles underpin our company mission,  

vision and values. A description of each section is provided below.

SUSTAINABILITY 

PRINCIPLES

TOP 6 MATERIAL ISSUES  

IN 2016

OPERATING WITH  

TRANSPARENCY  

AND INTEGRITY

FOSTERING THE 

ORGANISATION  

AND CULTURE

MATERIAL ISSUE IS NOT REPRESENTED IN TOP SIX

BUILDING A  

RESILIENT BUSINESS

OPERATING  

RESPONSIBLY

CREATING  

SHARED VALUE

MATERIAL ISSUE IS NOT REPRESENTED IN TOP SIX

Health 

and safety 

performance

Climate 

change

Major incident 

response

Transparency,  

anti-bribery and 

corruption

Regulatory 

compliance

Major incident  

prevention


12 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Materiality

Each year we conduct a materiality assessment to identify the sustainability 

issues of significance to our stakeholders and our business. The outcomes of 

this process guide the content of our Sustainable Development Report.

Materiality process steps

Description

Key inputs

IDENTIFY

To identify the material issues, an initial 

desktop study of corporate documents is 

undertaken followed by meetings with key 

internal and external stakeholders. Sources 

of information at the ‘identify’ step are 

summarised in key inputs. 

 + 2015 material issues

 + Corporate risk register

 + Company strategy

 + Internal stakeholder interviews

 + Stakeholder issues register

 + External stakeholder interviews

 + Global risks1 

PRIORITISE

A quantitative assessment undertaken against 

key criteria to rank the material issues. 

Internal:

 + Survey employees on key issues

 + Corporate risk register

 + Policies and commitments

External:

 + Survey stakeholders on key issues

 + Community group input

 + Peer benchmarking

 + Media analysis

 + Industry issues (i.e. IPIECA)

VALIDATE

Our top material issues, as identified in the 

‘prioritise’ step, are validated by our Board’s 

Sustainability Committee and our Executive 

Committee.

Committee meetings

REVIEW

Each year we review the Sustainable 

Development Report and material issues  

with our internal and external stakeholders, 

and address learnings.

Benchmarking report

The materiality matrix on page 13 illustrates the output from the materiality process, specifically the ‘prioritise’ and ‘validate’ steps. 

1. The Global Risks Report 2016, 11th edition, World Economic Forum.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  13

Materiality matrix

Material Issues for 2016

OVERVIEW

Woodside considers sustainability issues to be material if they have the 

potential to impact our ability to achieve our business strategy, our reputation, 

or are of material concern to our stakeholders.

In comparison to previous years, all material issues, including those considered less significant to stakeholders and Woodside, have been plotted on 

our materiality matrix. Details on GRI boundaries for material issues are available on page 58.

Internal Stakeholders

HIGHER

External Stakeholders

1. Climate change (page 30) 

2.  Transparency, anti-bribery  

and corruption (page 19)

3. Major incident prevention (page 36)

4. Major incident response (page 38)

5. Health and safety performance (page 40)

6. Regulatory compliance (page 20)

7. Social and cultural impacts (pages 44, 46-48) 

8. Payment transparency (page 21 and 29) 

9. Human rights (page 22) 

10. Market and economic impact (page 29) 

11.  People, capability, inclusion  

and diversity (page 24)

12. Supply chain and local content (pages 22 and 50) 

13. Biodiversity and ecosystems (page 43) 

14. Disruptive technology (pages 34 and 52) 

15. Water usage (page 43) 

16. Energy security (page 28) 

17. Non-operator venture management 

18. Reserve replacement 

19. Decommissioning

Material Issues

Detailed response in report

Key Issues 

Covered in report

Issues 

Not covered in report: refer to website  

(with exception of water-usage issue)

Health 

and safety 

performance

Climate 

change

Major incident  

response

Transparency,  

anti-bribery 

and corruption

Regulatory 

compliance

Major incident  

prevention

LOWER


14 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Understanding 

our stakeholders

Woodside applies a clear, integrated and consistent approach to stakeholder  

engagement to protect our reputation, grow shareholder return, support the  

social and economic prosperity of the communities where we operate and  

maintain our licence to operate.

We work hard to build relationships with  

a wide range of stakeholders who are 

interested in and affected by our activities.  

We acknowledge and, where appropriate, 

seek to address and resolve key stakeholder 

concerns and complaints.

We identify our stakeholders based on the 

location, timing and potential impacts and 

opportunities of our activities. 

Our External Stakeholder Engagement 

Procedure mandates the minimum 

requirements for engaging with our 

stakeholders. We have guidelines to assess 

the potential effects and benefits of our 

current and future activities and how best to 

engage to encourage open and transparent 

communication and feedback.

The table below identifies our eight 

stakeholder groups across the business,  

their key interests and concerns, and our 

company-wide engagements with each  

group during 2016. 

Woodside staff, in compiling this report, 

consulted representatives from each 

stakeholder group to identify issues of 

material concern as part of the process 

outlined on page 12.

Stakeholder and key interests

Summary of 2016 engagements/response

CUSTOMERS

Reliability and safety of supply, product 

quality, cost and delivery. Maintain 

strong relationships based on mutual 

understanding and open communication.

Regular engagements to manage commercial and operational aspects of LNG and liquids delivery and 

scheduling

In-country representatives

Annual delivery programs for LNG supply

Reciprocal staff exchanges to promote understanding of respective businesses

Ongoing quality control of our hydrocarbon production

Regular site visits to build understanding of respective businesses

Proactive engagement to understand short and long-term needs

JOINT VENTURE 

PARTICIPANTS

Reliability and safety of supply, product 

quality, cost and delivery. Maintain 

strong relationships based on mutual 

understanding and open communication. 

Non-operator governance.

Regular meetings with joint venture boards and committees

Participation in business reviews and audits

Assurance programs

Regular operations overviews

Regular site visits

Regular collaborative participation in government meetings and industry events

INVESTORS AND  

FINANCE PROVIDERS

Delivery of top-quartile Total  

Shareholder Returns (TSR) and 

continuous improvement in TSR, 

mitigation and management of  

financial and non-financial risks and  

high-quality corporate governance.

Regular investor briefings are webcast and archived on our website

Full-year and half-year results briefings

Regular meetings with financiers, institutional shareholders and investor representatives

Annual General Meeting

Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) announcements

Environmental social governance briefings with Australian institutional investors

Remuneration briefings 

EMPLOYEES

Providing a safe and productive work 

environment, a values-led organisational 

culture and career development 

opportunities that align to Woodside’s 

strategic direction. 

Annual staff briefing in Perth and Karratha with the CEO and the Executive Committee

Ongoing productivity program to drive efficiencies in our business

Ongoing campaign to embed continuous improvement principles

Cascaded strategic themes to annual performance agreements

Annual performance reviews and personal development plans for all employees

A Leadership and Management Development framework and expanded leadership training programs

Ongoing communication and targeted programs for employee safety, health and wellbeing

Annual Woodside Awards to recognise outstanding employee achievement and contribution

Regular staff volunteering

FutureLab Exchange events enable employees to engage with industry experts and researchers

CEO facilitated discussions with employees to promote engagement, involvement and two-way communication

Actively involved employees in our internal inclusion and diversity focused community groups


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Overview  15

OVERVIEW

Stakeholder and key interests

Summary of 2016 engagements/response

GOVERNMENTS:  

LOCAL, STATE, FEDERAL  

AND INTERNATIONAL

Development of oil and gas resources 

through the whole project life cycle. 

Environmental, social and fiscal 

performance and compliance.

Ongoing liaison with Australian State and Federal regulators, State, Federal and Local Government agencies and 

a broad range of political stakeholders (including members of Government and the Opposition)

Direct submissions to Federal Government

Direct submissions to State Government

Contribute to domestic and international industry and business association submissions

Representatives from key regulators, government agencies and political stakeholders in areas where we are 

active internationally

SUPPLIERS AND 

CONTRACTORS

Working together with suppliers in an 

environment where joint ownership 

of outcomes exists. Transparent and 

effective communication throughout  

the contract award process.

Contract life-cycle management system embedded as single contract-management tool

Regular reciprocal supplier performance reviews

Review and revise category strategies that identify key opportunities and  

supplier relationships

Embedded supplier relationship management strategies with our tier 1 suppliers

Woodside and joint operator contractor audits

Regular collaboration with sector partners, governments and suppliers to identify continuous improvement and 

innovation opportunities

Annual supplier continuous-improvement forum

NON-GOVERNMENT 

ORGANISATIONS

Ethical, social and environmental 

management of our activities, including 

revenue transparency and efficient use of 

resources.

Provided opportunity for non-government organisation input into social and environmental impact assessments

Annual recognition of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative

Regular participation in industry forums and associations

Regular participation in the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights events

LOCAL AND INDIGENOUS 

COMMUNITIES

Potential environmental and social 

impacts associated with operations.  

We have a broad range of local 

community and indigenous community 

interests and concerns: local content, 

employment, education and business 

opportunities; cost of living; workforce 

planning impacts; access to community 

services and amenities; and culture and 

heritage impacts.

Regional community offices

Community grievance mechanism

Regular community consultation and engagement including community liaison groups and networks

Community events and programs

Consultation information and activity updates on the Woodside website

Regular social impact assessments and management planning that involves community input

Reconciliation Action Plan and yearly report

Ongoing social investment implementation and compliance with related protocols, frameworks and legally 

binding agreements

Strategic partnerships with organisations to support local enterprise development in Perth, the West Pilbara and 

West Kimberley



The Karratha Community Liaison Group 

completing a site tour as part of the 

planned turnaround activities at the 

Karratha Gas Plant.


16 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

A year in review

INCREASE

Improving our Indigenous  

employee participation rate

by Reconciliation 

Australia

Second-highest  

annual production

94.9

Delivery of leading Health and 

Safety performance

Social investment benefits in host communities

Seeking continuous improvement in our 

sustainability benchmarking performance

Ranked in the top 5% of companies in our sector 

in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index

Embedded Woodside regulatory  

compliance management system

Exceeded goals for female representation 

across executive, senior management and mid-level groups

MMboe

Reduction in flaring  

intensity and exceeded 

2016 targets

Achievements

2017 focus areas

Awards

33%

Reconciliation Action Plan was 

awarded the highest ranking, ELEVATE

95th

PERCENTILE

Knowledge of regulatory compliance 

in non-Australian jurisdictions to 

support growth

INCREASE

ADAPTING FOR 

GROWTH

Continue to pursue energy 

efficiencies and evaluate the 

resilience of our portfolio

SUSTAINED

LEVERAGING

GLOBAL BENCHMARKING

Awarded RobecoSAM Silver Class for 2016 

DowJones Sustainability Index results

SILVER

WINNER

APPEA Environmental  

Excellence Award




Operating with 

transparency 

and integrity


18 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016



Woodside Compass  

and the Code

It is the responsibility of every director, 

employee and contractor to be familiar with 

and comply with the Code, and for leaders 

to embed our Compass values across our 

business. All employees undergo mandatory 

training on the Code when they join the 

company and every year thereafter. Records 

of training are maintained electronically and 

monitored by Woodside’s General Counsel. In 

addition to this, directors and senior managers 

are required to provide annual certification of 

their compliance with the Code and related 

policies. 

Woodside expects all directors, employees, 

and contractors to report potential violations 

of the Code. All breaches are recorded, 

investigated, and the outcomes reported. 

Woodside undertakes appropriate disciplinary 

action if matters are substantiated.

Woodside’s Whistleblower Policy sets out  

our commitment to maintaining an open 

working environment that enables the 

reporting of misconduct and outlines 

processes for responding to allegations  

of unacceptable conduct. 

Employees and our stakeholders have access 

to a confidential, externally managed helpline 

for reporting misconduct. All calls are referred 

to Woodside’s Chief Executive Officer, General 

Counsel, Vice President Internal Audit and 

General Manager Security and Emergency 

Management for investigation as appropriate. 

In 2016, there were eight calls to the 

confidential helpline. 

Woodside’s Audit &amp; Risk Committee reviews 

reports on misconduct investigations, 

breaches of the Code, and matters reported 

to the external helpline. The company 

also maintains a specialist anti-fraud and 

corruption team. 

There were 53 reports of improper behaviour 

or breaches of the Code investigated in 2016. 

Of these matters, 27 were substantiated,  

17 unsubstantiated and nine matters remain 

under or pending investigation. Of the 

substantiated matters, eight resulted in 

contracts being terminated or not renewed, 

15 resulted in written warnings (including 

one reduced performance rating) and four 

resulted in verbal warnings. No terminations 

were fraud related, and none of the matters 

investigated in 2016 related to corruption. 

 For more information on the Woodside 

Compass and the Code, go to our website.

The Woodside Compass clearly sets out our core values of integrity, respect, 

working sustainably, working together, discipline and excellence. These values 

underpin our Code of Conduct (the Code), which sets out our commitment 

to ethical principles and describes the behaviour Woodside expects from its 

directors, employees and contracted third parties. 

Business 

ethics


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating with transparency and integrity  19

Our approach

Woodside has a zero-tolerance approach to 

fraud, bribery and corruption and complies 

with all relevant Australian and international 

anti-bribery and corruption laws. 

Woodside’s standard contracting terms 

and conditions mandate compliance with 

Australian and international anti-bribery 

and corruption laws and address specific 

obligations in relation to our policies. 

When entering non-operated joint venture 

agreements, Woodside requires compliance 

with anti-bribery and corruption obligations 

by the operator and other participants in the 

joint venture. 

As part of continuous improvement and our 

goal to mature our approach to sustainability, 

Woodside reviewed its anti-bribery and 

corruption processes and made the following 

improvements in 2016:

 + Woodside’s Fraud and Corruption Control 

Program was updated to emphasise 

operational aspects. This included the 

production of a catalogue of fraud and 

corruption controls to ensure prevention 

and detection measures are in place and 

working. Woodside’s anti-bribery and 

corruption compliance audit program  

was extended to include operators of  

joint ventures.

 + Updated e-learning corruption training was 

delivered to 1,582 managers and personnel 

in business areas exposed to elevated 

corruption risk, which represents 45% 

of the company. Advanced anti-bribery 

and corruption training is now an annual 

requirement at Woodside to maintain 

awareness of corruption risks.

 + Acquired a new due-diligence software 

management system that is improving 

third-party monitoring capabilities, 

providing real-time monitoring of suppliers, 

joint venture participants, agents, 

representatives and social investment 

recipients.

Woodside undertakes fraud and corruption 

risk assessments across our activities. The 

criteria used to determine risk level include 

country of operation, activities undertaken, 

the level and nature of engagement with 

government, history of enforcement, and 

susceptibility to fraud and corruption. 

Woodside’s fraud and corruption risk is 

reviewed at least twice yearly, in line with 

Woodside’s corporate risk reporting cycle.

Woodside’s anti-fraud and corruption team 

undertook forensic analysis of information 

systems to identify potential anomalies and 

continue to employ data analytics in support 

of fraud and corruption control.

2017 focus areas

Woodside’s fraud and corruption control 

program was reviewed externally during  

2016 and was determined to be appropriate 

for Woodside’s global operations. 

Recommendations for improvements will be 

implemented during the course of the year.



OPERATING WITH TRANSPARENCY AND INTEGRITY

CASE STUDY

Testing our corruption response

As part of its program of crisis-management training exercises in 2016, 

Woodside conducted an exercise focused on the response to a fictitious 

corruption-related event concerning a producing asset purchased by 

Woodside in another country. 

Approximately 70 Woodside personnel from a range of functions across the 

company participated in the exercise, which was conducted in an open-

forum style to maximise participation and learning. 

The exercise demonstrated the potential for broad-ranging impacts of a 

foreign bribery incident and regulatory investigations upon a company, its 

people and its external stakeholders. It also underscored the importance 

of governance designed to prevent violation of applicable anti-bribery and 

corruption laws. 

Transparency, anti-

bribery and corruption

Bribery and corruption present a threat to commercial organisations and 

communities worldwide. They undermine fair competition, erode public 

trust in governments and business and disadvantage economies.

There were no violations of 

anti-bribery and corruption laws 

detected within or in connection 

with Woodside in 2016.


20 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016



Legislative regimes set the balance between 

the legal rights and interests of the people 

and entities they regulate. Laws protect our 

interests in relation to the commercialisation 

of natural resources; likewise our stakeholders 

rely on the same regimes to protect their 

rights and interests. An effective legislative 

regime provides clarity and certainty for both 

our business and our stakeholders. 

Our approach

Regulatory compliance touches every 

aspect of Woodside’s business. A thorough 

understanding of the regulatory compliance 

obligations impacting our activities, and 

their effective management, is integral to 

Woodside’s ongoing work. 

Our compliance process has four core 

elements - knowledge, planning, compliance 

and assessment: 

 + Understanding the regulatory landscape in 

which we operate.

 + Planning to comply as part of the way  

we work. 

 + Meeting our obligations.

 + Assessing our performance. 

These are supported by enabling elements 

such as clarifying accountability, developing 

competency, communicating with regulators, 

using appropriate systems and managing 

change.

This year saw a significant strengthening 

of regulatory compliance management at 

Woodside through the addition of centralised 

compliance roles, and the deployment of a 

pan-Woodside software solution, WiRCS, 

to facilitate our regulatory compliance 

management process (see case study below). 

 

The centralised regulatory compliance team’s 

focus is on these three areas:

 + Clarifying accountabilities and developing 

competency across Woodside in its 

understanding and management of 

regulatory compliance obligations.

 + Setting the standard for implementation of 

the regulatory compliance processes across 

Woodside.

 + Providing tools and systems to sustain the 

regulatory compliance knowledge base and 

achieve compliance.

Our performance

Woodside’s internal regulatory-compliance 

dashboard is used to drive performance, 

behaviours and transparency. Internal 

deadlines provide leading indicators for 

prescribed regulatory deadlines and non-

compliances are reported centrally.

In 2016, five regulatory infringement notices 

were received for lower-level regulatory 

contraventions. 

2017 focus areas

In 2017, Woodside has several focus areas for 

continuous improvement:

 + Increasing our collective knowledge of our 

regulatory compliance obligations in non-

Australian jurisdictions in order to improve 

our support for Woodside’s future global 

operations. 

 + Responding more effectively to changes in 

legislative regimes affecting our operations. 

 + Improving regulatory compliance 

competencies across Woodside in order  

to integrate compliance with the way  

we work.

Regulatory 

compliance

Woodside must operate an effective management framework to maintain 

our licence to operate, comply with regulatory requirements and meet the 

expectations of joint venture participants and stakeholders.

CASE STUDY

Regulatory compliance management 

systems

The decision to invest in a software solution 

– WiRCS - is driven by Woodside’s Compass: 

we play by the rules, we set goals and we 

hold ourselves to account.

Woodside’s regulatory compliance 

capability has significantly matured with the 

implementation of the first release of WiRCS 

in June 2016. This has provided Woodside 

with a single, accessible library capable 

of housing our regulatory compliance 

information for our global business.

The action-management functionality 

within WiRCS enables the business to 

manage the actions required to meet 

identified regulatory obligations, wherever 

we operate, within prescribed regulatory 

deadlines.

As at the end of 2016, the system is being 

used to manage obligations relating to 

61 internal exploration and production 

centres (includes projects, facilities and key 

infrastructure groupings), and 10 offices, 

across 18 countries.

The information housed in WiRCS is open 

to all Woodside personnel. This facilitates 

improved data integrity and ongoing 

responsibility for that data integrity across 

the business. It also means that gaps in data 

and opportunities for improvement are 

more visible and can be remedied.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating with transparency and integrity  21

Payment 

transparency 



Financial transparency

The Extractive Industries Transparency 

Initiative (EITI) is a global standard to promote 

the open and accountable management of 

extractive resources. 

The EITI is used by a growing number of 

resource-endowed countries to improve 

transparency via the publication and 

verification of company payments and 

government revenues from industries such  

as oil, gas and mining. As a member of the  

EITI since 2005, Woodside is committed  

to reporting our petroleum tax and fee 

payments in respect of operations in 

implementing countries. 

Countries in which we have an interest that 

are members of EITI include Timor-Leste, 

Cameroon, Senegal, Peru and Myanmar. In 

2016, the Australian Federal Government 

announced Australia would join the EITI.

Tax transparency 

Woodside operates within a defined 

control framework for the identification and 

management of tax risks at the strategic, 

operating and transactional levels. Central to 

this is the Board-approved Group Taxation 

Policy that mandates a taxation governance 

and reporting framework. It establishes that 

the company must comply with all applicable 

taxation laws and regulations, and, pursuant 

to these, will pay an appropriate amount of 

tax. To adhere to the Board’s risk oversight 

mandate, the Policy provides for a reporting 

framework to the Board and Audit &amp; Risk 

Committee. The Tax function reports directly 

to the Chief Financial Officer. 

Woodside acknowledges that the payment  

of tax is a significant way we contribute to  

the communities in which we operate. 

We believe in paying taxes according 

to where value is created. Arm’s-length 

principles are applied to international  

related-party transactions.

Woodside is supportive of transparency 

initiatives and has adopted the Board of 

Taxation’s voluntary Tax Transparency  

Code (TTC).

Ongoing transparent and constructive 

engagement with government stakeholders  

in the countries in which we operate is  

central to achieving our Group Taxation  

Policy objectives. 

Woodside has voluntarily participated in an 

Annual Compliance Arrangement with the 

Australian Taxation Office (ATO) since 2013.  

This arrangement provides a compliance and 

risk management framework for both income 

tax and Petroleum Resource Rent Tax (PRRT) 

under which either party can raise compliance 

risks and other technical and administrative 

uncertainties. In addition Woodside discloses 

details of any material tax risks and issues 

relating to publicly disclosed or completed 

transactions. This facilitates an open and 

transparent relationship between Woodside 

and the ATO. 

Woodside also regularly engages with the 

ATO on indirect taxes, which include GST  

and excise, and the WA Department of Mines 

and Petroleum in relation to the administration 

of royalties. 

As an Australian headquartered company 

with the majority of our producing assets 

in Australia, these engagements cover the 

majority of Woodside’s global taxes paid. 

More information on our tax contribution  

can be found in the Building a resilient 

business section. 

Political donations

Woodside seeks to have open and 

constructive relationships with the 

governments of all countries where we have 

a presence. Woodside may engage in debate 

on policy and share its views on policy matters 

when related to our business. The exchange 

of information and opinions is essential to 

informed decision-making. 

In 2016, the Board strengthened its position 

on not donating to campaign funds for any 

political party, politician or candidate for 

public office in any country. Woodside’s Code 

of Conduct was updated accordingly.

 For more information on the Woodside 

Compass and the Code, go to our website.

Woodside subscribes to attend party  

political events where those events allow  

for discussion on policy issues related  

to our business. A way in which we achieve 

this in Australia is by subscribing to  

annual memberships of the Federal  

Liberal Party Australian Business Network  

and the Australian Labor Party Federal  

Business Forum.

For the year to 30 June 2016, Woodside 

paid A$110,000 each for membership of the 

federal business network forums and annual 

subscriptions to the Australian Labor Party 

(ALP) and Liberal Party of Australia (LPA). 

Woodside spent an additional A$30,480 

attending conferences and other business 

events associated with the ALP and the LPA. 

All payments were declared as donations with 

the Australian Electoral Commission. More 

information is available in the 2016 Corporate 

Governance Statement.

 

Woodside’s Corporate Governance 

Statement can be viewed at: www.woodside.

com.au/Working-Sustainably/

governance-andcompliance.

OPERATING WITH TRANSPARENCY AND INTEGRITY


Human rights, security 

and supply chain

Woodside recognises the importance of operating with transparency and  

integrity, particularly regarding human rights, in all locations where we do business.

Our approach 

To support a holistic and integrated approach 

to ensuring that human rights are respected 

across our business, Woodside established 

a human rights working committee in 2016. 

This committee will work throughout 2017 

to undertake benchmarking of Woodside’s 

policies and systems against industry leaders. 

In 2016, Woodside undertook human rights 

risks assessments in a number of countries 

where we have activities. These assessments 

primarily focused on Myanmar and countries 

in West Africa.

Woodside also participated in a number 

of national and international forums that 

aim to advance the protection of human 

rights, including the Australian UN Global 

Compact Annual Plenary and the Australian 

Government National Action Plan process.  

We also participated in the Multinational 

Investors Group, coordinated by the 

International Labour Organisation and 

Myanmar Centre for Responsible Business 

(MCRB), and joint government-investor 

workshops conducted by MCRB and the 

Norwegian Environment Agency in Myanmar.

Woodside continued to be committed  

to respecting human rights in its dealings 

with communities, contractors and suppliers 

in 2016.

Managing security 

Woodside’s approach to managing security 

is underpinned by our values and aimed at 

supporting the company’s increasingly global 

position. This ensures respect for human rights 

and humanitarian law, wherever we operate 

across the globe. 

Risk analysis, assurance and controls are all 

embedded in our approach to security. 

At the centre of our security philosophy, 

Woodside recognises and respects the basic 

human rights of all people and seeks to ensure 

that we are not complicit in human rights 

abuses of others. Through close engagement 

with communities, governments and security 

professionals, we continue to seek positive 

outcomes for all communities that our 

operations may impact. 

Woodside has a longstanding commitment 

to security and human rights and is now 

a signatory to the Voluntary Principles 

on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR), 

which are designed to guide companies in 

maintaining the security and safety of their 

operations within a framework that respects 

human rights.

In support of our security philosophy, we draw 

from the VPSHR framework and focus on 

three key objectives: 

 + Identifying human rights risks as they  

relate to security

 + Building strength in our private  

security providers 

 + Engaging with government security forces, 

if required, on our human rights approach

Key focus areas in 2016 included refining 

our process for human rights risk analysis, 

engagement with foreign governments on 

security matters, and building capability in 

our private security providers through due 

diligence, training and assurance activities. 

At the strategic level, we continue to 

encourage our peers to participate in the 

VPSHR initiative and we seek opportunities 

where Woodside can lead by example.

In 2017, we will continue to review and 

enhance our processes that enable reporting, 

investigation and remediation of any potential 

security and human rights issues.

Managing our supply chain

We seek to work with suppliers and 

contractors to prevent slavery and human 

trafficking in our supply chain.

This year we worked with four major suppliers 

to review their supply chains to identify 

potential human rights risks. In 2017, we 

will continue to review and benchmark our 

procurement processes and engage with our 

suppliers.

Modern slavery  

and human trafficking 

Woodside is committed to working towards 

preventing the occurrence of slavery and 

human trafficking in our operations. 

To further demonstrate this commitment, 

Woodside has decided to voluntarily  

publish the following Modern Slavery  

and Human Trafficking Statement for the 

2016 financial year:

Woodside’s Code of Conduct (the Code) 

recognises and respects the basic human 

rights of all people and seeks to ensure that 

we are not complicit in human rights abuses 

of others. 

The Code also requires those working for 

Woodside to act ethically, consistent with 

Woodside’s values of integrity, respect, 

working sustainably, working together, 

discipline and excellence. Those working 

for Woodside are expected to treat every 

person in line with Woodside values and 

support inclusion and diversity. Woodside 

personnel receive regular training regarding 

the company’s Code of Conduct requirements 

and expectations.

Woodside requires suppliers to comply with 

a Supplier Code of Business Conduct that 

mandates that suppliers must respect the 

basic human rights of all people and ensure 

they are not complicit in human rights abuses.

Woodside maintains an effective 

Whistleblower framework for employees and 

suppliers to report suspected breaches of any 

laws, regulations, policies or the Code.

Woodside will continue to work with suppliers 

and contractors in relation to human rights 

risks including modern slavery and human 

trafficking.



22 Woodside Petroleum Ltd | Sustainable Development Report 2016




Fostering the 

organisation 

and culture


24 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Our approach

Our People Strategy focuses on growing 

outstanding leadership, building diverse 

capability from within and driving an 

inclusive high-performing culture enabled 

by technology. In line with our focus we 

maintain competitive remuneration to 

drive better performance outcomes for the 

company and shareholders, and to retain 

talented employees. 

The Board’s Human Resources and 

Compensation Committee oversees 

the company’s human resources and 

compensation policies. 

Our performance

In 2016, we focused on improving 

organisational efficiency by sustaining 

changes from 2015 and implementing 

organisational and technological 

improvements. In 2015, our overall 

workforce was 3,456 and in 2016 it is  

3,511 (including vacation students). Our 

global voluntary turnover rate continues  

to trend downwards from 5.7% in 2015 to 

3.3% in 2016.

In the first half of 2016, Woodside 

implemented a number of organisational 

structure changes across the business, 

which better positioned us to accelerate 

and optimise activity across our growth 

portfolio. 

This included co-locating the development 

planning team and a new subsurface 

team into our Science and Technology 

division. This change enables us to 

better leverage science, technology and 

integrated workflows, to identify and apply 

breakthrough solutions to both optimise 

and accelerate field development.

We introduced a new talent management 

software solution called SuccessFactors. 

SuccessFactors provides the platform 

for Woodside leaders to execute talent 

management activities in one integrated 

system, enabling more comprehensive, 

accurate and accessible talent data over 

the full employee life cycle. 

This enhances our workplace and talent 

analytics, and improves our understanding 

and management of talent and the 

capability to support our global growth. 

People



Woodside has long 

understood that delivering 

superior shareholder returns 

depends on our ability to 

attract and retain an engaged, 

highly skilled and motivated 

workforce. 

Woodside’s global  

voluntary turnover rate

3.3%

5.7%

2016

2015


FOSTERING THE ORGANISATION AND CULTURE

Leadership and capability

Learning and development

Woodside continues to focus on building 

internal capability by providing all employees 

with high-quality learning experiences 

and development opportunities. During 

2016, emphasis was placed on developing 

employees through cross-functional rotations 

and broadening assignments. There are 

currently 140 employees on cross-functional 

rotations, representing an increase of  

20% on 2015. 

Woodside continues to accelerate the 

development of our graduates. The action 

learning program was run for the second 

year in 2016, with 100 second- and third-

year graduates participating. Graduates 

were required to collaborate with their peers 

to identify innovative solutions to meet 

real Woodside challenges. All first- and 

second-year graduates were also assigned a 

technical coach to support their leadership 

and technical competency development. 

This approach accelerates a graduate’s time 

to technical autonomy and strengthens our 

leaders’ coaching capabilities. 

The Production Training Academy in Karratha 

provides core skills development  

for operator trainees, apprentices, laboratory, 

IT, administration, warehouse trainees and 

operations support trainees. 

In 2016, training was focused on core role-

based competencies. We are also working 

across the Western Australian resources 

sector to deliver standardised and effective 

training and competency management. The 

launch of the resource industry Verification 

of Competency program for high-risk work 

licences is an example of working together 

to maintain a high standard of safety across 

operating assets.

Woodside continues to focus on growing 

our own future leaders through targeted 

development opportunities. In 2016, 81% of 

senior leader appointments were internal 

promotions, an improvement on 73% in 

2015. We also slightly increased the ratio of 

graduate hires over mid-career external hire 

from 66% in 2015 to 67% in 2016. 

Our Leadership and Management 

Development Framework provides guidance 

to leaders on building their capability. In 2016, 

new Development Centres were successfully 

trialled to assess and develop leadership 

capability in a superior and cost-effective 

manner. A globally recognised diagnostic tool 

and team effectiveness workshops were also 

rolled out to accelerate team effectiveness 

across Woodside. 

Our employee communities, such as 

Woodside Young Professionals and Woodside 

Leadership Community, continue to be 

active in facilitating events to strengthen our 

leadership capability. 

Woodside continues to drive a values-led 

high-performing culture and in 2016 the 

cultural focus areas included innovation, 

collaboration and acceleration. These 

themes underpinned Woodside Week, where 

employees participated in activities designed 

to reflect on the successes of the year, 

share lessons learned and strive for further 

improvement. 

Employee engagement

The 2015 employee survey results 

showed we have an engaged 

and enabled workforce (70% and 

66% respectively). Post-survey 

actions undertaken in 2016 were 

linked to established or planned 

activities. For example, Woodside 

chose the theme of “maintaining 

the connection” for its ‘Stand 

Together for Safety’ week.

Activities were designed to 

facilitate stronger connections 

between our employees to 

support their mental wellbeing 

and to improve our safety 

performance.





Proportion of senior leader 

appointments who were 

internal promotions

81%

73%

2016

2015

 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd | Fostering the organisation and culture 25


26 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Indigenous participation

In 2016, we commenced our third 

Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), which 

Reconciliation Australia awarded its highest 

rating of Elevate. For additional information on 

the RAP see page 49. 

We are proud to highlight these achievements:

 + We increased our directly employed 

Indigenous people from 94 employees  

(2.7% of the total workforce) to 103 

employees (3% of the total workforce). 

Voluntary turnover has reduced from 

3.2% (2015) to 2.9% (2016). 

 + Woodside hired 14 Indigenous trainees and 

three apprentices as part of our pathways 

program. The total number of participants in 

our pathways program has increased to  

21 trainees and 12 apprentices. 

In addition to the RAP, Woodside has a 

range of social contribution partnerships and 

community capability-building programs 

in place designed to drive sustainable 

employment opportunities for Indigenous 

peoples. For example, Woodside is working 

with 11 Western Australian private and 

government schools with sizeable Indigenous 

student populations. Woodside also has a 

wide range of community-based scholarships 

and scholarships directly linked to future 

employment opportunities. A total of  

20 scholarships were active in 2016.

Woodside recognises that workforce cultural 

awareness is a key enabler to increasing 

Indigenous workforce participation and offers 

an expanded suite of educational programs.  

In 2016, Woodside increased its commitment 

to the Jawun immersion program with  

10 employees seconded to the program plus 

one extended immersion and two executive 

visits. Woodside’s Reconciliation Interest 

Group (RIG) was relaunched as the Woodside 

Reconciliation Committee. Membership has 

grown to 471 from 219 in 2015.

 

Gender balance

In 2015, Woodside commenced a three-year 

strategy to drive sustainable improvements in 

gender diversity at all levels of the workforce.

Company-wide female representation  

has continued to increase, up to 28.4%,  

a favourable comparison with the industry 

average of 15.8%.1 The voluntary turnover rate  

for female employees has decreased from  

5.3% in 2015 to 3.6% in 2016. 

Executive and senior female representation 

has continued to increase in 2016, reaching 

19.6% and 15.9% respectively compared to 

12.8% and 13.8% in 2015. The pipeline of future 

executive women has doubled in part due to 

strong internal promotion and through the 

provision of gender-targeted opportunities 

such as offering MBA participation, executive 

sponsorship and running Women on Board 

workshops. Woodside achieved 30% female 

representation on the Woodside Board  

during 2016.

Woodside also continues to focus on driving 

gender balance through the graduate, 

apprentice and trainee programs. 

The overall percentage of females in our 

Graduate Program has increased and 

improvements have been made in the number 

of female technical hires. A total of 23 female 

apprentices and trainees are currently 

engaged at the Production Training Academy.

Woodside continues to take specific action 

to broaden the pool of future female talent 

at school and university level. Nine gender 

specific scholarships were active in 2016 

and 44% of Woodside’s active professional 

scholarship recipients are Indigenous women.

Inclusion and diversity

Woodside recognises that an inclusive 

culture that promotes diversity, respect and 

belongingness is a key contributor to our 

success. In 2016, our Diversity Policy was 

renamed as the Inclusion and Diversity Policy 

and updated to strengthen the emphasis on 

an inclusive culture. 

In addition to the existing Woodside employee 

community groups, another group, Spectrum, 

was formed to focus on fostering an inclusive 

working environment for lesbian, bisexual, 

gay, transgender and intersex (LBGTI+) staff 

at Woodside. 

To support Woodside’s growth agenda, a 

software solution called Culture Wizard was 

also launched to provide employees with 

instant country profiles and information on 

specific cultural and business practices.

This section reports on people targets from Sustainable Development Report 2015.

EXECUTIVE

2016

201519.6%

12.8%

6.8

SENIOR  

MANAGEMENT

2016

201515.9%

13.8%

2.1

29.4%

MID-LEVEL

2016

2015

28.8%

0.6

GRADUATE

INTAKE

20163

201550%

49%

1

103

94

2016

2015

Indigenous 

Employment Numbers

1. Workplace Gender Equality Agency 2016.

2. Increase is based on percentage points. 

3. Offers and acceptances to commence in 2017.

INCREASE2

INCREASE2

INCREASE2

INCREASE2




Building 

a resilient 

business


28 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

World energy 

outlook

The International Energy Agency (IEA) sees world energy demand growing at a  

compound annual average growth rate of 1% to 2040. The IEA expects the world  

will need 30% more energy in 2040 than it produces today. Economic development  

in emerging markets will be a key factor underpinning increased energy needs.

In its baseline energy outlook, the IEA sees gas 

and oil demand growing by 49% and  

12% respectively to 2040. This compares with 

just 5% for coal. Gas demand will grow in 

most regions, with China and the Middle East 

expected to be the fastest growing markets. 

Oil: a key part of the energy mix 

into the future

The energy density and flexibility of oil 

means it will continue to play a key role in 

meeting global energy demand to 2040, 

particularly as a transport fuel and as a 

feedstock to petrochemical products. Demand 

for petrochemicals will see the oil market 

continue to grow into the 2020s despite 

competition in the transport sector from gas- 

and electric-powered vehicles. 

Although global oil demand may peak 

towards the end of the next decade, the world 

will still need new supplies of oil. More than 

16 million barrels per day of new production 

capacity is needed by 2025 just to offset 

expected field decline. 

Gas: an important role in assisting 

governments

Gas is set to play an important role in 

assisting governments in meeting their dual 

commitments to reduce greenhouse gas 

emissions while ensuring reliable power and 

utility services. 

The commitments made by countries at the 

UN Climate Conference Paris 2015 (COP21) 

were an important step towards reducing 

global carbon emissions growth. Meeting 

the COP21 targets for limiting global average 

temperature change to 2°C or less will be 

challenging; emerging markets continue to 

place heavy reliance on coal. Many countries 

submitted plans at COP21 that feature greater 

use of gas as part of their plans to reduce 

emissions and reach ambitious climate goals. 

Gas is a cleaner option for complementing 

renewable energy and is the cleanest 

hydrocarbon fuel. For every tonne of CO2 

emitted by producing LNG, at least 4 tonnes 

can be avoided by displacing coal-fired  

power generation. Woodside sees integrating  

gas with renewables in the energy grid as 

a more efficient, less expensive and cleaner 

energy solution.

Gas: an affordable, sustainable 

component of the energy mix for 

the long term

We expect global gas demand to continue 

to grow through to 2040, with LNG demand 

nearly doubling due to strong economic 

growth in Asia and expanding gas markets in 

the Middle East and South America. 

Renewables (solar and wind) will be the 

fastest growing segment of the energy mix 

to 2040 (in 2014 renewables represented 1% 

of total primary energy) but the intermittent 

nature of renewable-generated electric power, 

and the high cost of battery technologies 

mean that there will be a continuing role  

for gas. 

The reliability, scalability and flexibility of gas 

are proven and will continue to make gas 

an attractive complement to renewables. 

Gas and LNG will also increasingly compete 

in transport fuel markets, particularly for 

heavy vehicles and marine fuel. Woodside is 

responding to this market by participating 

in a joint study with shipping and mining 

companies to assess the commercial feasibility 

of LNG-fuelled vessels transiting the ‘Green 

Corridor’ trade routes between Australia and 

Asia. Additionally, in January 2017, Woodside 

launched the first LNG-powered supply vessel 

in the southern hemisphere. The potential 

for LNG as a marine fuel has received a 

boost with the latest regulations from the 

International Maritime Organisation calling for 

tighter restrictions on air pollution by 2020. 

Gas is set to play an 

important role in assisting 

governments meet their 

dual commitments to  

reduce greenhouse  

gas emissions while 

ensuring reliable power 

and utility services.



Woodside’s new LNG-powered marine support vessel — reducing vessel 

greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions and the reliance on imported diesel 

— while providing safe, reliable support to Woodside’s assets in the Exmouth 

and Pilbara regions.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Building a resilient business  29

Economic performance

Woodside remains focused on creating 

sustained economic value for our partners, 

shareholders and the communities in which 

we operate, based on effective investment 

decision-making. 

In 2016, we produced 94.9 MMboe, 3% higher 

than 2015 and the second-highest ever 

achieved. This was driven by record LNG 

production of 63.7 MMboe. Our production 

generated $4,075 million in operating revenue 

and we reported a net profit after tax (NPAT) 

of $868 million. 

Earnings per share were 104 US cents while 

proved plus probable (2P) developed reserves 

increased by 38.5 MMboe.1 Woodside’s 

economic performance continued to be 

impacted by a challenging environment of low 

prices for commodities. 

In response we increased liquidity, maintained 

negligible near-term debt maturity, reduced 

our cost structures and delivered an extensive 

productivity program. 

After three years Woodside has completed 

its productivity program. Cumulative benefits 

of the program are more than $2.0 billion, 

including approximately $830 million in 

2016.2 Most importantly the program has 

embedded a cultural change where continuous 

improvement has become part of the way we 

do business. 

1. For further information on Woodside’s approach to reserves reporting, see the Reserves and resources section of the Annual Report 2016.

2. Benefits include impact of higher production volumes and reduced operating and capital costs. Volume benefits are relative to average performance for 2010 to 2013. Operating cost savings are 

relative to 2013 actual expenditure, and capital cost savings are relative to our 2013 forward plans adjusted for acquisitions, disposals and deferrals.

3. The cash basis of reporting includes all payments of taxes and receipts of refunds, including refunds of taxes overpaid in respect of prior years. 

4. This information relates to tax payments for the 2014-15 income year and is on an accruals basis.

5. Based on Woodside’s most recently filed tax return.

Acquire and Explore

Acquired ConocoPhillips’ 

interests in Senegal including 

the SNE oil field – containing  

560 MMbbl of recoverable 

oil (with Woodside’s 

net working interest 

approximately 196 MMbbl).

Develop

Achieved a final investment 

decision on the $1.9 billion 

(approximately $1.1 billion 

Woodside share) Greater 

Enfield Project.

Operate

Our break-even cash cost 

of sales is ~$8.5 per boe, 

representing a 23% decrease 

over 2015. We also achieved 

a 28% reduction in our unit 

production costs.

Shipping and 

Marketing 

Pluto LNG delivered its 

300th LNG cargo since the 

start of production in April 

2012 and added two new 

LNG vessels. 

Decommission  

and Divest 

Balnaves ceased 

production.

A summary of our key 

economic achievements  

across our value chain.

Tax contribution

As Australia’s leading LNG producer, we are 

proud of our contribution to the community 

and to the nation. This includes, but is not 

limited to, a significant financial contribution.

Woodside derives the majority of its income 

from the sale of petroleum products produced 

in Australia. The company pays tax in Australia 

on the profits made in relation to these sales. 

This tax contribution summary is limited to 

Australia, given it represents more than 95% 

of taxes paid globally.

In considering the Australian tax contribution 

made by Woodside, it is important to 

recognise that hydrocarbon production in 

Australia is subject to a complex mix of taxes 

including income tax, Petroleum Resource 

Rent Tax (PRRT) and Federal royalties and 

excise (both of which are applicable to the 

North West Shelf Project).

In 2016, Woodside paid approximately  

A$525 million in taxes and royalties to 

Australian Federal and State governments  

as set out in the table provided.3

The amount of Australian corporate income 

tax paid is lower than the prior year mainly 

due to lower oil prices impacting revenues. 

The amount of PRRT paid was similarly 

affected by the industry downturn, the 

cessation of production, divestment of oil 

interests and increased capital expenditure  

in Australia. 

Woodside is committed to making available 

additional information in respect of its tax 

contribution for each income year. 

 Supplementary information for the 2014-15 

income year is available on our website via the 

tax transparency information sheet.4 

International related-party dealings 

The global exploration and development 

business interests of Woodside are set out  

on pages 4 and 5.

In addition to these Woodside has interests in 

other foreign entities including those serving 

as representative offices, providing insurance 

and other services within the Woodside 

Group, and carrying on marketing, trading and 

shipping businesses. 

These entities are considered to be 

international related parties in respect to 

Woodside.

Woodside applies arm’s-length principles to 

its international related-party transactions, 

the total value of which is not significant 

when compared to revenue from production 

activities. 

The primary form of international related-

party transactions within the Woodside Group 

is administrative support services provided 

from Australia and the value of these services 

comprises less than 1.4% of sales revenue.5

A smaller subset of international related-party 

transactions arise from Woodside’s office in 

Singapore. This office markets and trades 

internationally sourced LNG supply, as well 

as provides shipping capacity. This office also 

markets some uncommitted LNG production 

from Australia for an arm’s-length fee. In 2016,  

the fee was less than $1 million.

Other risks and financial 

implications 

Woodside’s risk management process focuses 

on reducing threats to our existing business 

activities and enhancing opportunities across 

the value chain. We systematically assess the 

consequence of risk in areas such as health and 

safety, environment, finance, reputation and 

brand, legal and compliance, and social and 

cultural impacts. For further information on 

Woodside’s approach to risk management,  

see the Risk section of the Annual Report 2016.

Year

Effective income tax rate*

2015

31.5%

2016

30.5%

*  Woodside’s effective income tax rate for Australian 

operations as per the Group’s audited Financial Statements.

Australian Federal and State 

tax contribution (cash basis)

2016  

(A$m)

2015  

(A$m)

Corporate income tax

236

1,050

PRRT

(16)

10

Federal royalties and excise

246

290

Payroll tax

51

58

Fringe benefits tax

8

8

Carbon tax

0

2

Subtotal

525

1,418

BUILDING A RESILIENT BUSINESS


30 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Climate 

change

Impacts of climate change 

Woodside recognises the scientific consensus on climate change and the challenge of 

providing safe, clean, affordable and reliable energy while reducing emissions in line with the 

Paris Agreement. Woodside is well positioned to assist in reducing climate change impacts 

while also providing a reliable and long-term energy supply.

Risks

 + Demand for oil and gas in markets may 

subside, resulting in stranding of higher 

cost assets.

 + Divestment campaigns may target 

oil and gas operators and, if sufficient 

momentum is gained, could potentially 

impact shareholder value.

 + Changes to climate policies and 

stakeholder expectations can impact 

project approvals, schedules and costs.

 + Governments may introduce unilateral 

carbon prices in host countries, which 

would increase operating costs, relative 

to international competitors.

Opportunities

 + The relative low-emissions intensity of 

gas provides it with an advantage over 

coal in a decarbonising market.

 + High value-adding oil and gas 

applications, which require high energy 

reliability, such as peaking power, long-

range transport and chemical plants and 

process. 

 + New technology allows existing and 

future oil and gas facilities to reduce their 

greenhouse gas emissions. 

Sustainable and reliable energy

Acknowledging the interconnected challenges 

and opportunities of sustainable development, 

Woodside understands that society is 

increasingly demanding cleaner air and an 

energy mix that reduces climate change. This 

is leading to changes in the global energy 

mix. Woodside can play an important role 

supplying sustainable and affordable energy 

supporting the growth of renewables, while 

reducing climate change and air quality 

impacts. 

To maximise these opportunities, we are 

developing new technologies, underpinned by 

our core business, to position Woodside  

as a supplier of sustainable and reliable 

energy.

Woodside’s strategic response to 

climate change risk

In 2016, we elevated climate change in our risk 

register and evolved how we will manage this 

risk. We have refined our approach to carbon 

and climate change and published a Climate 

Change Policy.

Our approach highlights our belief that the 

benefits of natural gas will see gas and LNG 

play an increasingly important role globally 

in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, 

supporting intermittency of renewable energy 

and improving local air quality. We will also 

continue to pursue energy efficiency, support 

global carbon pricing and will evaluate the 

resilience of our portfolio against a range 

of scenarios, including a 2°C scenario, to 

understand potential impacts, risks and 

opportunities. 

 The policy is available on our website.

Increasing the 

resilience of our 

portfolio

Improve our 

emissions 

performance

Address 

stakeholder 

concerns about 

the future of gas

CARBON AND CLIMATE APPROACH

OUR APPROACH INCLUDES THREE ELEMENTS:

Efforts to limit climate change will have a significant impact on the energy mix 

over the next few decades and Woodside is adapting to these changes. This 

presents both risks and opportunities for Woodside’s business.

The Paris Agreement

In December 2015, nearly every 

country in the world adopted the 

Paris Agreement, which provides an 

enduring framework for the world to 

address climate change. 

Key elements of this agreement 

include the following:

 + Limiting climate change to well 

below 2°C above pre-industrial 

levels, with aspirations of 1.5°C

 + Achieving a balance between 

anthropogenic emissions by sources 

and removals by sinks

 + Strengthening national  

adaptation efforts

 + A five-yearly pledge-and-review 

process, to increase national 

ambition over time.

The Paris Agreement came into force 

in November 2016, just 11 months after 

the Paris Climate Conference (COP21). 

It has now been ratified by more than 

100 countries, which are responsible 

for more than 80% of emissions. 


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Building a resilient business  31

Oil in Woodside’s portfolio

We have successfully rebalanced our 

exploration portfolio with an increased 

exposure to oil and emerging basins. This is 

supported by our recent acquisition in Senegal 

that offers new near-term oil production. 

There is room to develop new oil reservoirs in 

the IEA’s 450 scenario and the world will need 

more than 16 million of barrels per day of new 

supply to offset field decline. Since most oil is 

used in sectors with few viable alternatives, 

such as petrochemicals, aviation and heavy 

freight, it may also be more resilient to carbon 

constraints than other fossil fuels. 

The alignment of clean energy and 

climate change priorities

According to the International Energy Agency, 

poor air quality causes 6.5 million premature 

deaths per year, largely due to emissions from 

the energy sector. Gas is a particularly clean 

fuel, emitting about half of the greenhouse 

gas emissions of coal-generated power, low 

levels of nitrous oxides (NOx) and nearly 

no particulate matter (e.g. PM2.5) or sulphur 

dioxide (SO2).

Increased use of gas-fired power therefore 

presents an opportunity for those countries 

with severe air-pollution concerns and 

growing energy systems, notably China  

and India.

BUILDING A RESILIENT BUSINESS

Gas in the emerging energy mix

As variable renewable energy generation 

increases, such as wind and solar, grids will 

require other power sources to ensure reliable 

power and balance the intermittency of 

renewable energy sources. Gas is well placed 

to provide this role. It is reliable, mature, fast 

acting, modular, available at scale today and is 

the cleanest fossil fuel.

We are working to ensure that Woodside will 

benefit from this expanding role for gas in the 

energy mix by helping to make LNG-fuelled 

power faster and cheaper to deploy. 

We have also established a Power and 

New Markets function to explore and 

commercialise these opportunities.

Climate scenarios

Many organisations prepare scenarios 

exploring different ways that greenhouse gas 

emissions can be allocated between different 

sources such as energy, industrial processes 

and agriculture.

Woodside considers a range of impacts on 

the future energy mix when assessing our 

portfolio. Woodside’s analysis, as well as 

that of independently published scenarios 

(including the IEA 4501 scenario), sees 

ongoing growth in gas demand.

CASE STUDY

LNG fuels

Woodside is actively promoting LNG as 

a transport fuel, with greenhouse gas 

emissions up to 25% lower than diesel and 

30% lower than heavy fuel oil. Additionally, 

LNG produces almost no sulphur or 

particulate emissions.

In 2016, the International Maritime 

Organisation decided to restrict sulphur 

levels in global shipping fuels from 2020 

and start tracking greenhouse emissions 

from large ships. This represents a major 

opportunity for LNG to replace fuels that will 

no longer be viable when the new caps on 

sulphur take effect.

Woodside considers the Pilbara region in 

Western Australia to be an ideal location 

from which to drive the transition to LNG 

as a transport fuel, with world-class LNG 

production facilities close to fuel-intensive 

industries that rely heavily on imported 

diesel and heavy fuel oil. Around 3 billion 

litres of diesel are imported into the Pilbara 

each year, and the mining industry alone 

uses around 5 billion litres of heavy fuel oil 

to ship its export product. If we can switch 

just a portion of this to LNG, the emissions 

reductions are considerable. Woodside is 

collaborating with many parties to convert 

these energy-intensive operations in the 

Pilbara to LNG. It has potential to provide 

an important new market for Woodside and 

make a significant contribution to meeting 

Australia’s emission reduction targets.

To demonstrate the flexibility of LNG as 

a transport fuel, Woodside took delivery 

of the Siem Thiima in January 2017. This is 

the first LNG-fuelled supply vessel in the 

southern hemisphere and joins our fleet as 

the primary supply vessel for Woodside’s 

offshore operations.

Fossil demand  

in 450 scenario

Oil

Gas

Coal

140%

120%

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2015

2010

2025

2020

2030

2035

2040

International Energy Agency, Woodside

1. The IEA models three climate relevant scenarios. The “Current Policies” scenario assumes no change to government policies and the baseline or “New Policies” scenario assumes that governments 

meet their announced emission targets. The “450” scenario is based on a pathway that will result in 450 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which climate scientists equate to an 

average temperature increase of 2°C above pre-industrial levels.

kt per Mtoe

0%

Biomass

Oil

Coal

SO2

50%

4

8

12

16

20

100%

Biomass

Oil

Gas

Coal

NOX

0%

50%

100%

Biomass

Oil Coal

PM2.5

0%

50%

100%

Global average emissions factors and share of major pollutant emissions by fuel, 2015

International Energy Agency, 2016


32 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Improving our emissions performance

Woodside’s greenhouse gas emissions come 

from three main sources: 

 + Fuel gas used to power our facilities 

 + Flaring to ensure safe production

 + Vented carbon dioxide from our reservoirs.

Each of the three main sources require 

different management techniques.

In recent years, we have made dramatic 

improvements in reducing flaring, but 

increases in fuel use due to acquisitions and 

new equipment have offset these emissions 

savings, resulting in a stable emissions profile.

Flaring

Our ongoing improvements in operational 

reliability and flare reduction initiatives have 

allowed us to reduce our flare intensity by 

over 50% since 2013. 

We continue to pursue improvements in our 

flare performance and our 2017 flare intensity 

target is 17% below our 2016 target.

Fuel gas

Fuel gas is the largest contributor to 

Woodside’s emissions profile, comprising 

about 70% of our footprint. We set a 1% fuel-

intensity-reduction target for 2016 (defined 

as gigajoules of fuel per tonne of exportable 

hydrocarbon product). The reduction is 

calculated by comparing actual fuel intensity 

with the expected fuel intensity prior to 

improving our technology, equipment or 

operational procedures. 

In 2016, we met our target by implementing a 

number of energy and cost-saving initiatives. 

In order to make more significant, longer 

term changes in our fuel intensity, we are 

considering upgrades to capital intensive 

equipment that is approaching the end of its 

design life, such as gas turbines.

Vented carbon dioxide

Vented reservoir carbon dioxide contributes 

about 20% to our greenhouse gas footprint. 

This is the most challenging source to 

mitigate. The carbon dioxide cannot be turned 

into a useful product and the only feasible 

technical option for an existing facility is 

to offset or geologically sequester the gas. 

Although this is unlikely to be commercially 

viable for existing facilities, we consider 

offsets and sequestration options for reservoir 

carbon dioxide on all new developments  

and projects.

Fuel consumption - equity

Fuel intensity - equity

Fuel intensity - operated

Fuel consumption - operated

5.0

160,000

140,000

120,000

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

4.5

4.0

3.5

3.0

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

0.5

0.0

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

Fuel

Scope 1 and Scope 2 operated emissions by source

12,000

10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

-

2016

Fuel

Flare

Reservoir CO2

Other

2015

2014

2013

2012

ktCO2e

Intensity TJ/kt

Fuel TJ

CASE STUDY

Advanced process control for reducing emissions

Many incremental energy-efficiency gains are possible with more 

precise control of the processes at our facilities. To capture these, 

Woodside installs Advanced Process Control (APC) systems, which 

use computer algorithms to make extensive incremental changes. 

When implemented properly, these changes allow facilities to 

operate closer to their design limits and increase performance, 

which may result in higher throughput, and/or reduced energy use. 

An APC installed on part of the Pluto LNG facility improved the 

process stability and, reduced operator workload. It also reduced 

flaring by 10,000 tCO2e per year. 

As we develop our data science capacity within Woodside, we 

are finding more opportunities to use our existing equipment in a 

smarter way to reduce emissions intensity and to add value.

2015 Post-APC

2013 Pre-APC

Day

Flaring

7

11

15

19

23

9

13

17

21

35

30

25

20 

15

10

5

0

Flaring

With APC

Before APC

Avg with APC

Avg before APC

Limit

Quality

% of time


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Building a resilient business  33

BUILDING A RESILIENT BUSINESS

Addressing stakeholder concerns

We acknowledge that investors, regulators 

and other stakeholders are increasingly 

demanding transparency over how a carbon-

constrained world may impact our business. 

Woodside believes that global carbon 

pricing is a tool to support a low-carbon 

energy transition. If implemented effectively, 

it will support businesses to make long-

term investment decisions in line with Paris 

Agreement objectives.

In recent years, there has been a justifiable 

increase in the scrutiny of climate-related 

financial risk in large companies. The G20 

Financial Stability Board Task Force for 

Climate Related Financial Disclosure has 

prepared a series of recommendations on how 

to present climate-related risk. 

Many of these recommendations are covered 

by our Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) 

disclosure, and we will review the remaining 

Task Force recommendations  

in 2017.

Link to CDP response is available on  

our website. 



Woodside conducted it first Energy Efficiency Week in 2016 and 

is continuously looking at ways to get ‘more from our energy’.

4,000

1.00

0.90

0.80

0.70

0.60

0.50

0.40

0.30

0.20

0.10

0

3,500

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

Scope 1 emissions - equity

Scope 1 emissions intensity (revenue)

Scope 1 emissions intensity (production)

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

Scope 1 equity emissions intensity

Intensity ktCO2e/$USDM

ktCO2e

Climate performance and risk metrics

One performance metric that is used broadly is the 

emissions intensity of a company, often measured as 

direct emissions per unit of revenue.1 Emissions intensity 

(production) has remained relatively stable in line with 

production rates and emissions, other than a slight 

increase in 2013 due to an increase in the ratio of LNG 

to domestic gas when Pluto commenced. Emissions 

intensity (revenue) is strongly impacted by oil price 

so does not fully represent underlying emissions 

performance. Woodside’s view is that measures of 

climate risk need to acknowledge the contribution 

our products can make in decarbonising the global 

energy mix. We do however understand that analysts 

will continue to use metrics to screen and categorise 

investments. To ensure that analysts have consistent 

data available, we have changed how we report our 

emissions. The data table in this report (page 60) 

includes both equity and operated emissions and also 

calculates an emissions intensity (calculated on an 

equity basis).

1. Total operating revenue includes sales revenue, processing revenue, and trading revenue. 


34 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Applying technology  

and innovation

We believe that technology and innovation are essential to unlocking new energy  

markets, reducing operating costs, managing cyber-security risks and ensuring our  

long-term sustainability. Woodside’s technology strategy is focused on driving  

innovation across our value chain. 

Our approach

Collaboration

Our collaboration program, FutureLab, is 

designed to enable our innovation culture 

with work streams that aim to deliver these 

outcomes:

 + An LNG plant of the future that is smaller, 

smarter and safer.

 + An intelligent enterprise that applies the 

latest analytics and cognitive computing to 

improve efficiency, maximise data usage and 

leverage the collective knowledge of our 

organisation.

 + An offshore transformation that extends our 

offshore capabilities.

Innovation and new technology 

Innovations across our value chain have 

allowed us to tap into new energy markets, 

reduce costs across our business and maintain 

operational excellence - all of which will help 

secure long-term sustainable growth.

In exploration, we are applying 3D full-

waveform inversion (FWI) to reduce 

exploration cycle time and improve success 

rates. This advanced seismic imaging technique 

improves productivity by significantly reducing 

the cycle time from the traditional 12 months to 

just a few months. In 2016, FWI was successfully 

applied on two data sets from our Myanmar 

seismic surveys. 

In developments, we continue to further 

advance our LNG plant of the future concept, 

Next Generation LNG, which aims to 

substantially reduce liquefaction costs to  

less than $500 per tonne per annum of  

installed capacity. 

This work is complemented by work streams 

investigating new subsea technologies that 

allow for efficient recovery of hydrocarbons 

and an economical offshore development. 

Through our cognitive computing program, we 

are optimising our expertise in projects, and 

passing this from one generation of employees 

to the next. 

In real time, it would take a single person in 

our business more than five years to read the 

data in our IBM Watson for Projects System. 

Today, it is instantly available to everyone. 

This innovative approach is saving time and 

boosting productivity in our developments 

portfolio and is being expanded to other areas 

of our business.

Data analytics and cognitive computing 

continue to deliver insights from our business, 

helping to reduce costs and protect high-

production performance and reliability. We 

note these achievements in 2016: 

 + Advanced our capabilities in wireless 

technology at our Karratha Gas Plant.

 + Created 3D printed prototype parts with the 

potential for printing on demand across our 

operating facilities.

 + Introduced a maximum possible 

production data analytics platform that 

allows operators to target best-on-record 

production at our Pluto LNG facility.



FutureLab

2. Develop

Modularisation

Reducing LNG 

liquefaction cost through 

modular construction

Cognitive Computing

Saving time,  

driving efficiency and 

reducing cost

1. Explore

Explore Full- 

Waveform Inversion

Reduced exploration 

cycle time and improved 

success rate

Wireless Technology

Enabling wireless 

sensors and mobile 

technology

Dual-Fuel Support 

Vessel

Establishing new energy 

markets through new 

technology

3. Operate

Data Analytics

Insights from data to 

reduce lifting cost and 

protect high reliability

3D Printing

Potential to reduce 

operating cost through 

spares on demand

3D printing prototypes being designed for use.

Managing cyber security

A cyber attack presents a risk to the 

integrity of production operations and 

corporate information. In 2016, we 

increased Woodside’s cyber-security 

team and established a dedicated project 

to deliver improvements in the security 

of our process control environment. We 

continued to collaborate closely with 

government agencies, academia, industry 

peers and high-quality service providers to 

understand and build capability to respond 

to cyber-security threats. 

In 2016, we deployed several new 

technologies to prevent malicious attacks 

on our network by leveraging technology, 

securing our cloud computing and storage 

environments, improving privileged access 

management and enhanced security of 

mobile devices. We also conducted drills 

and exercises to enhance our cyber-attack 

response procedures and promoted 

good cyber-security behaviours in our 

workforce through training and easy-to-

understand policies.




Operating 

responsibly


36 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

With more than 30 years of operating 

experience, Woodside has assets at varying 

life cycle stages. We fully appreciate that 

failure to manage ageing assets, maintain 

integrity or uphold maintenance schedules 

can lead to a loss of integrity of structures, 

equipment, wells or piping, causing loss  

of containment. 

Process safety describes a disciplined 

framework for managing the integrity 

of systems and processes that handle 

hazardous substances over the exploration 

and production life cycle. Process safety 

management is critical to the oil and gas 

industry and has been subject to stronger 

stakeholder scrutiny since the Deepwater 

Horizon incident occurred in 2010 in the  

Gulf of Mexico.

Our approach

In 2016, the Process Safety Management 

initiative (PSMi) implemented a framework 

to ensure that all of our assets and business 

functions have a standardised approach to 

managing process safety that is globally 

applicable. The requirements are based on 

the Energy Institute’s globally recognised 

High Level Framework for Process Safety 

Management (PSM). 

An assessment of PSM requirements against 

our Woodside Management System and their 

implementation across our assets identified 

a number of areas for improvement. PSMi 

implemented a number of high-priority 

improvements in 2016, deemed necessary 

for a step-change in performance and ability 

for sustainable improvements to support 

Woodside’s growth strategy.

Woodside continues to support and make 

significant investment to understand and  

act to control our process safety risks.

There were several major achievements  

in 2016:

 + Planned execution of a 45-day integrated 

turnaround at the North West Shelf Project, 

involving all five LNG trains, the North 

Rankin Complex (NRC) and Goodwyn A 

platform to execute key scopes of work and 

eliminate key PSM vulnerabilities. 

 + Execution of the Karratha Gas Plant Life 

Extension Program, which included a 

four-month marine facilities refurbishment 

campaign to revamp the LNG and LPG 

jetties (including marine loading arms).

 + Planned and sustained reduction of  

piping corrosion related defects (refer  

to case study).

 + Planned execution of a well intervention 

program on NRC and Goodwyn A platform 

facilities to assure the condition of our 

dry trees and remediate any identified 

vulnerabilities.

 + Completion of major dry-dock maintenance 

to the Okha FPSO and in infield riser 

replacement.

PSM improvements delivered in 2016 are 

summarised on page 37 under each of 

the relevant four focus areas of the PSM 

framework. PSMi was recognised by the 

Institute of Chemical Engineers (IChemE)  

as a Global Process Safety Awards finalist.

Our performance 

Woodside categorises and reports Process 

Safety Events (PSE) against the American 

Petroleum Institutes Recommended  

Practise 754. 

There was one Tier 11 and one Tier 2 Loss of 

Primary Containment (LoPC) PSEs recorded 

in 2016. There were no well- or drilling-related 

PSEs in 2016. 

There were no injuries or facility damage as 

a result of the two PSEs. Both PSEs were 

investigated in accordance with Woodside’s 

investigation requirements to understand 

root cause and identify appropriate corrective 

actions for implementation.

Woodside is an active member of the 

International Oil and Gas Producers 

(IOGP) Process Safety sub-committee 

and has supported reporting of PSEs for 

benchmarking of the global upstream industry 

since 2012.

Major incident 

prevention

The oil and gas industry inherently works with flammable hydrocarbons at 

high pressure. The potential impacts of a loss of containment have serious 

consequences for people, communities, assets and the environment. 

The bow-tie diagram 

depicts the barriers 

in place to prevent a 

major hazardous event, 

which is the primary 

focus of process safety 

management.

MAJOR  

HAZARDOUS  

EVENT

PREVENTION

BARRIERS

CAUSES

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

Tier 1 PSEs

0

0

0

0

1

Tier 2 PSEs

5

4

2

2

1

Tier 1 and 2 PSE

Refer to page 62 for definitions.

1. The Tier 1 PSE involved the release of stabilised 

condensate that was contained within the storage tank 

bund and was internally classified as low risk.

5

4

3

2

1


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating responsibily  37

OPERATING RESPONSIBLY

2017 focus areas 

Planned improvement activities and focus areas for PSM in 2017 include the following:

 + To embed PSM behaviours as part of our 

way of working.

 + To expand and support application of 

PSM requirements to other value-stream 

business activities (including our non-

operated joint ventures).

 + To focus on gaining insights from our 

leading performance metrics,  

recognising the potential opportunity  

to learn and act upon any weaknesses 

within our management system or  

its implementation.

 + To extend our competency and capability 

requirements to contractor and supplier 

selection and management activities.

PSM focus areas – improvements delivered in 2016

Focus area 1 - Process 

safety leadership

 + PSM dashboard enables 

improved visibility of 

performance and greater 

accountability and governance 

at all levels.

 + Process safety critical roles 

defined, with a training and 

coaching program developed 

and implemented. To date 

more than 250 training courses 

have been delivered to 4,000 

attendees. 

 + Asset-based PSM forums to 

align, involve and empower  

the workforce.

Focus area 4 - Review 

and improvement

 + Improved awareness of 

events that occur within the 

company, the timeliness 

and quality of incident 

investigations and acting 

upon learnings.

CASE STUDY

Managing process safety risks (corrosion management)

A key challenge when operating and maintaining ageing 

assets is the management of external corrosion defects, 

especially those present on hydrocarbon containing 

systems. The offshore Goodwyn A platform has been in 

operation for more than 20 years.

In 2012, a program of works was put in place to significantly 

reduce the number of corrosion defects being managed 

by the asset. Upon completion of the integrated NWS 

shutdown and by the end of 2016 the number of active 

corrosion defects on hydrocarbon containing systems had 

been reduced from 186 to 12 over the four-year period.

2012

186

107

85

83

12

2013

2014

2015

2016

200

180

160

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

Sustained reduction of corrosion-related defects at Goodwyn A

Focus area 3 - Risk 

management

 + Deployed automated 

surveillance and reporting tool 

for excursions to an asset’s 

operating envelopes.

 + New management-of-change 

process and tool to report 

current risk and status of 

control/remediation actions.

 + Upgraded processes and  

tools to enable an improved 

and integrated approach 

to safety-critical element 

performance management.

Focus area 2 - Risk 

identification and 

assessment

 + PSM procedures and 

processes delivered to 

ensure assessment of risk 

remains valid and current 

through the life cycle of  

the asset.

 + PSM risk assessment tools 

implemented to drive higher 

quality assessments to 

support timely and effective 

risk-based decision-making 

for abnormal or unplanned 

conditions.


38 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Major incident 

response

Actively managing the impacts of a loss of 

containment event, loss of well control or loss 

of pipeline integrity is a key focus area for 

Woodside. In addition, our Western Australian 

stakeholders have an expectation that our 

domestic gas supply is resilient to adverse 

events.

Our approach

Woodside maintains a comprehensive 

and integrated all-hazards approach to its 

emergency and crisis-management response 

arrangements by applying the emergency 

risk management process known as ‘PPRR’ to 

prevent, prepare for, respond to and recover 

from major incident events. 

As part of our Emergency and Crisis 

Management capability strategy we have 

a 24/7 scalable response framework. 

Our training and testing of emergency 

arrangements (including exercise simulations)

are aligned to existing or developing risks 

associated with Woodside’s operations  

and activities. 

Woodside conducts ongoing assurance 

reviews to assess our facilities’ and operations’ 

emergency management preparedness and to 

identify improvement actions. 

In 2016, focus areas included the following:

 + Building global response capability within 

each region (i.e. Australasia, Africa, Europe 

and North America).

 + Development and testing of Business 

Continuity Plans for critical business 

activities, including an agreement with a 

fellow joint venture participant to facilitate 

the sourcing of critical operational spares 

when they cannot be obtained from 

suppliers in a timely manner.

 + Improved insurance and finance response 

capability in the event of a major incident.

 + Re-engineering spill testing and exercising, 

increasing our depth and rigour of testing.

 + Development of a capability calculator to 

assist in identifying gaps.

 + Creating an audit tool for use by industry to 

measure, compare and report on audits of 

key spill-response providers globally.

Our performance 

Woodside monitors its hydrocarbon-spill 

and emergency-management preparedness 

through a dashboard that tracks performance 

against capability, competency, compliance 

and plans. 

In addition, we conduct annual benchmarking 

of Woodside’s spill preparedness using the 

RETOS1 Global Spill Benchmarking Tool. 

Woodside’s current self-assessment received 

a score of 99% (refer to page 39 for further 

information).

In 2016, emergency exercises were conducted 

in the following areas: 

 + 494 Level 1 (site-only response) exercises 

that tested our initial response and involved 

exercising the responsibilities of the on-site 

Incident Management Team. 

 + 21 Level 2 (operational support) exercises 

that tested our response coordination and 

control arrangements for larger incidents. 

 + 4 Level 3 (crisis management support) 

exercises that tested our strategic 

management of major incidents impacting 

the company.

2017 focus areas

Focus remains on the four key pillars for 

hydrocarbon spill preparedness and response:

 + Contingency planning.

 + Competency (training and testing our 

arrangements).

 + Capability (equipment and specialist 

services).

 + Compliance and assurance (meet local, 

national and international legislation 

and conventions). Specific focus on 

non-operated venture assessment and 

assurance processes.

The oil and gas industry inherently works with flammable hydrocarbons at  

high pressure. The impacts of a loss of containment have high potential  

consequences for people, environment, assets, reputation, livelihood and  

communities. Oil and gas operators require robust major incident response  

capabilities to minimise these impacts. 

1. RETOS® Readiness Evaluation Tool for Oil Spills

The bow-tie diagram 

depicts the barriers in 

place in response to a 

major hazardous event 

that mitigate the potential 

consequences

MAJOR  

HAZARDOUS  

EVENT

CONSEQUENCE

RESPONSE

BARRIERS


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating responsibily  39

OPERATING RESPONSIBLY

CASE STUDY

Global hydrocarbon-spill preparedness 

Hydrocarbon spill remains a key material risk to Woodside across our operated and non-operated activities. 

Our hydrocarbon-spill response capabilities for our Australian operations are mature, which allowed us to focus 

attention on our international processes in 2016. 

Woodside’s international spill-planning-

and-preparedness process has developed 

with capabilities growing in line with 

our footprint and risk exposure. We 

acknowledge some of the challenges 

in international locations including 

underdeveloped regulatory frameworks, 

lack of national and regional spill 

response arrangements, inadequate 

logistics services and infrastructure 

limitations. 

Acknowledging these challenges as we 

increase our operational footprint is 

essential.

In 2016, Woodside was involved in 

international spill leadership events 

through its participation in global spill 

forums and the IPIECA1 Oil Spill Working 

Group (OSWG). This included participation 

in developing the 2017-2020 Strategic Plan 

for IPIECA OSWG and the Global Initiative 

projects in both South-East Asia and West 

Africa.

Woodside’s hydrocarbon spill 

preparedness and response capability 

was audited internally and externally in 

2016, with no significant findings.

Woodside recognises the opportunity to 

collaborate across industry, regulators 

and responder groups in the area of oil-

spill preparedness and response, both in 

Australia and internationally.

1. IPIECA is the global oil and gas association for environmental and social issues.

Oil spill preparedness categories

1. 

Legislation, regulations, agreements

2. Oil-spill contingency planning

3. Response coordination

4. Health, safety and security

5. Operational response

6. Tracking, assessment  

and information management

7. Logistics

8. Financial and administrative 

considerations

9. Training and exercises

10. Sustainability and improvements

1

2

1

3

4

10

5

9

6

8

7

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

2015 - 96%

2016 - 99%

2014 - 93%

Woodside’s 

RETOS global spill 

benchmarking tool 

summary

Oil Spill Response

Key Capabilities

WILDLIFE CENTER

INCIDENT MANAGEMENT TEAM





SATELLITE

SFRT

SUBSEA DISPERSANT

PRESSURE INJECTION

CAPPING STACK

WATER QUALITY ANALYSIS

AERIAL DISPERSANT

RELIEF WELL

VESSEL DISPERSANT

CONTAIN &amp; RECOVER

TRACKING BUOY

SCIENTIFIC MONITORING

PROTECT &amp; DEFLECT

WILDLIFE RESPONSE

INCIDENT MANAGEMENT TEAM

WASTE MANAGEMENT

MOBILE COMMUNICATION SYSTEM

SHORELINE CLEAN UP

RETOS is an international tool for self-assessment of oil-spill preparedness by companies, governments and regulators, and is supported by the 

International Maritime Organisation.

In 2016, Woodside significantly improved its rating on the RETOS Global Benchmarking Assessment in the Financial and Administrative section. 

Two key improvements included the appointment of a finance officer role within the Corporate Incident Coordination Centre in addition to the 

development of a specific spill-response insurance claims guideline.

improvement


40 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Health and safety 

performance

Our approach

Woodside’s Management System provides a 

clear and comprehensive set of requirements 

for managing risks from our activities. 

These include our Golden Safety Rules that 

have supported a continued reduction in 

work-related activity injuries since they 

were introduced 10 years ago. Our Safety 

Culture framework identifies the behavioural 

expectations required at all levels of the 

organisation to build and sustain an effective 

safety culture. 

Our performance

In 2016, we continued to deliver on our 

strategic focus areas, which included H&amp;S 

leadership, process safety management, 

contractor management, and employee health 

and wellbeing. Supporting this has been our 

increasing use of data analytics to provide 

insights and inform future plans. 

Highlights in 2016 included: 

 + Exceptional H&amp;S performance during 

the North West Shelf Project planned 

turnarounds and zero recordable injuries 

on the North Rankin Complex during 

Persephone Project execution.

 + Implementation of a process safety 

management framework to enable 

sustainable process safety performance 

(refer to Major Incident Prevention on  

page 36).

 + Zero H&amp;S incidents on Balnaves 

Decommissioning – the first 

decommissioning project for Woodside.

 + Company-wide involvement in our annual 

safety week, referred to as Stand Together 

for Safety, which focused on improving our 

understanding of how health and wellbeing, 

in particular good mental health, contribute 

to positive safety outcomes.

 + Development of innovative technology 

solutions to support advanced data 

analytics of our H&amp;S information.

 + Continued consistent emphasis on the 

importance of visible safety leadership and 

supervisor engagement.

 + Standardisation and simplification of 

contract documents, combined with the 

introduction of a technology solution for 

managing our contractor H&amp;S data more 

efficiently.

 + Improved management of international 

travel-related health risks by embedding 

health-needs assessments in new country 

entry and improvements in travel medical 

processes and awareness.

 + Development of a suite of e-learning 

modules to support global operations 

and consistent H&amp;S capability building. 

In 2016, more than 4,000 online courses 

were undertaken across the organisation, 

building awareness in subjects such  

as mental health, human factors and  

travel health.

We had no work-related fatalities at Woodside 

operating sites in 2016 but experienced  

23 recordable injuries. 

Woodside’s H&amp;S performance is measured 

in part by total recordable injuries per million 

hours worked (TRIR). In 2016, Woodside’s 

TRIR was 1.64, which demonstrated a  

4.1% improvement on 2015.

Woodside’s health and safety (H&amp;S) performance is essential to our 

business success and growth. We are committed to managing our 

activities to protect our people and our host communities.

0

Fatalities

Fatalities

Lost time injuries

Lost time injuries

Recordable injuries

Recordable injuries

Overall

2016 injury performance (based on 

International Association of Oil and Gas 

Producers (IOGP) methodology 2013)

Contractor

4

23

Fatalities

Lost time injuries

Recordable injuries

Company

0

1

6

0.94

0.43

0.43

0.28

0.22

12

13

Lost time injury and  

lost time injury frequency (LTIF)

14

15

LTI

LTIF

16

18

6

6

3

4

LTIF per million hours worked

Total recordable injury rate  

(TRIR) performance

0

3

17

Woodside (actual)

IOGP top-quartile (actual)

Total recordable injury rate  

(TRIR) performance

TRIR per million hours worked

5

4

3

2

1

0

12

13

14

15

16

4.13

3.00

1.90

1.71

1.64


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating responsibily  41



OPERATING RESPONSIBLY

2017 focus areas

In 2012, Woodside launched an H&amp;S strategy 

with a goal to deliver global top-quartile H&amp;S 

performance in the oil and gas sector by 2017 

as measured by the International Association 

of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP). 

Since the introduction of this goal Woodside’s 

TRIR decreased by 60%. Woodside is proud 

of this achievement and will continue to strive 

towards industry-leading performance. 

Woodside has revisited its strategy and focus 

on re-invigorating a safety culture founded 

on personal and collective accountability for 

occupational safety every day. 

The strategy will continue to be matured in 

2017, maintaining the focus on key risk areas 

for our business:

 + Visible leadership and supervisor 

engagement

 + Embedding process safety management 

systems into H&amp;S processes and our 

business

 + Improving contractor management 

processes

 + Improving health and wellbeing programs

 + Continuous improvement foundations 

including our management systems, 

Golden Safety Rules and our safety culture 

framework.

We will achieve this through leveraging new 

technology solutions including advanced 

data analytics and through collaboration with 

our peers within industry forums to further 

improve H&amp;S performance.

CASE STUDY

Health and safety in contract management 

Approximately 50% of our exposure hours are executed by our contractors, typically performing higher-

risk work activities. Woodside continues to place strategic and tactical focus on improving contractor 

relationships and management processes, recognising the key role contractors play in our H&amp;S performance. 

As part of a wider project to streamline 

our management system, work was 

completed in 2016 to standardise and 

simplify H&amp;S sections of our contract 

documents and processes. The updated 

documentation aligns with international 

best practice and supports our global 

aspirations. 

In 2016 an online database to store 

the H&amp;S evaluation and performance 

management data for our contractors 

was also implemented. This will enable 

better management of contractor H&amp;S 

capability and performance data. A pilot 

was conducted earlier in the year with 

eight contractors participating, with 

positive feedback. 

There will be a phased approach for 

implementation of the database in 2017.

As well as these process-level 

improvements, frontline engagement 

with our contractors continued in 2016, 

and will be an ongoing part of our future 

plans to build collaborative working 

partnerships.


42 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Health and 

wellbeing

When we talk about health at Woodside, we include physical, psychological, 

emotional, intellectual and social wellbeing. Understanding and managing 

occupational exposures are key to our goal of maintaining a fit and healthy 

workforce. 

In 2016, a secure, global and scalable medical 

database was implemented across all the 

operating assets, supported by training to all 

the clinical and industrial hygiene teams. This 

single database is now providing the means to 

record, monitor and note trends in important 

health indices such as exposure monitoring 

results for noise and airborne contaminants. 

Protecting the health of our employees can 

be demonstrated in part by compliance 

with occupational exposure limits, and in 

part by fitness-for-work assessments that 

include health surveillance elements. These 

assessments are also recorded for compliance, 

scheduling and for early detection of potential 

occupational illness. 

The data build has enabled the development 

of leading health indicators for 2017, starting 

with a fitness-for-work metric and planned 

maturing of further elements during the year.





Woodside’s 2016 

Stand Together for 

Safety event focused 

on mental health and 

wellbeing.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Operating responsibily  43

Woodside recognises that strong environmental performance is essential to  

our success and continued growth.

Our approach 

Woodside’s approach to environmental 

management is to understand the 

environments in which we work, minimise our 

impacts upon them and transparently report 

performance. 

We do this by using science-based 

data and rigorous risk identification and 

management measures. We demonstrate our 

environmentally responsible management 

by contributing to programs that support 

sustainable management. 

Our performance

Our aspiration is sustained delivery of leading 

environmental performance to protect 

the environment in which we operate. We 

do this by setting leading and lagging key 

performance indicators (KPIs), benchmarked 

where possible against industry peers.

In 2016, Woodside maintained its clear 

commitment to the environment with  

these activities:

 + We introduced a 1% reduction in fuel-

intensity (TJ per kt of hydrocarbon 

production) on business as usual for 2016.

 + Continued improvement in reliability saw 

an improvement in flaring intensity for the 

third consecutive year, culminating in a  

33% reduction between 2015 and 2016.

 + We had three environmental incidents that 

were reported to regulatory authorities as 

part of our licence conditions. They were of 

minor environmental consequence.

 + We reviewed our long-term approach to 

fuel management to maximise our use of 

LNG as a shipping fuel in order to minimise 

our emissions footprint. Refer to case study 

on page 31 for further detail.

In 2016, for the second concurrent year, 

Woodside won the Australian Petroleum 

Production and Exploration Association 

(APPEA) Environmental Excellence Award, 

recognising our outstanding approach, 

leadership and performance within the 

Australian oil and gas industry. 

Water usage

Woodside operates in remote and often dry 

environments and has a focus on minimising 

fresh-water use. At the Karratha Gas Plant 

(KGP), a Water Efficiency Management Plan 

is in place. This has contributed to a 24% 

reduction in water use between 2015 and 

2016 at KGP. The majority of water consumed 

by Woodside’s facilities is sourced from 

municipal supplies. In Karratha, this water 

originates from either a local dam or, when 

levels are low, groundwater sources. Offshore 

facilities have the capacity to desalinate their 

own water when required. Given that our 

operations are not intensive consumers of 

water, water use and disposal do not feature 

in the top ten issues for our company.

We recognise the importance of responsible 

water management and, as we expand and 

grow globally, will monitor our activities 

accordingly.

Biodiversity and partnerships

Our practised approach to understanding the 

diverse environments in which we operate 

is to partner with leaders in environmental 

studies and with research organisations to 

deliver robust scientific data. 

In 2016, we began a collaboration with the 

University of Western Australia to understand 

the biodiversity that resides upon our 

offshore infrastructure in the north-west of 

Australia. Knowledge from this work will be 

an important input in future decommissioning 

options for our assets in the region. 

In Myanmar, we are collaborating with  

Fauna and Flora International, an international, 

science-based NGO and Myanmar’s  

Pathein University. 

This collaboration seeks to provide technical 

and capacity-building support for marine 

science academics and students, through 

international experts providing training to 

assess near-shore marine habitats. Secondly, 

the international experts and the recently 

trained students have undertaken habitat 

assessments along the Rakhine coast, which 

will feed into future marine spatial planning 

and decision-making. 

Managing air emissions  

in international shipping

Woodside is aiming to reduce its airborne 

emissions in international waters. This has 

commenced with a review of how we manage 

fuel across our LNG shipping fleet.

Since December 2016, Woodside has 

maximised its use of LNG as a shipping fuel 

and is minimising emissions by reducing 

its use of heavy fuel oil (HFO). LNG also 

eliminates nearly all sulphur and particulate 

emissions, putting us in an ideal position 

ahead of the International Maritime 

Organisation’s new global cap on sulphur 

content of ship fuel oil coming into effect.

Currently, all five ships that make up 

Woodside’s fleet have the ability to use either 

LNG, HFO, diesel or a combination of these 

fuels. With our shipping operations, and our 

drive to convert other vessels to utilise LNG, 

we believe this could contribute to a reduction 

in emissions from international shipping. Refer 

to case study on page 31 for further detail.

OPERATING RESPONSIBLY



Woodside was the recipient of the 2016  

APPEA Environmental Excellence Award.

Managing our 

environmental impacts

Flaring

intensity t/kt

tonnes

Total flaring - equity

Flaring intensity - equity

Flaring intensity - operated

Total flaring - operated

14.00

16.00

18.00

450,000

400,000

350,000

300,000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0,000

12.00

10.00

8.00

6.00

4.00

2.00

0.00

2016

2014

2013

2012

2015


44 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

INTERNATIONAL  

CASE STUDY

Engagement  

in Myanmar

In 2016, we undertook consultation within 

Myanmar at the national, regional and 

village level in support of future planned 

and contingent drilling activities in the 

Rakhine Basin. The consultation process 

included discussions with local fishermen 

and fishing associations to understand  

the nature of their fishing activities and 

the potential for our activities to impact 

on livelihoods. Consultation confirmed 

that potential impacts as a result of 

project activities are not expected to  

be significant in scale and duration, due  

to the offshore nature of the activities. 

This information was disclosed as part 

of the relevant Environment Impact 

Assessment reports. 

Engaging communities 

and managing impacts

Grievance mechanism

Woodside has an international community grievance mechanism 

(CGM), which provides a structured approach to receive, 

acknowledge and respond to grievances. Our CGM provides  

a framework for community stakeholders to raise questions  

or concerns and have them addressed in a prompt and  

respectful manner. Community stakeholders have the ability 

to lodge grievances at local Woodside offices or via email on 

communities@woodside.com.au.

In 2016, Woodside received five community grievances, all of  

which have been resolved.

Woodside’s licence to operate relies on establishing and maintaining effective  

relationships with our host communities and stakeholders. 

Our approach

We seek to engage with a wide range of 

stakeholders and local communities to 

ensure we understand the potential impacts 

of our activities. We implement agreed 

mitigation strategies, including identifying and 

maximising the opportunities created by our 

projects, as well as contributing to community 

resilience. Our social investment approach is 

outlined on page 46.

In 2016, our communities framework was 

made part of the Woodside Management 

System. This ensures that we take a consistent 

approach to identifying and responding to 

stakeholder interests and concerns across all 

of our business activities. 

Towards the end of 2016, Woodside 

commenced an integrated scope of social 

baselining work for the Australian communities 

in which we operate: Exmouth, Karratha  

and Roebourne. 

As part of this social impact assessment 

process, surveys and interviews are being 

undertaken with local stakeholders and 

employees. Feedback provides valuable 

information to inform and refine our approach 

in these communities. It will enable us to 

measure the tangible impact we are having  

in our host communities. 

Woodside has been operating in the north-

west of Australia for more than 30 years. 

Our community team are based in offices in 

Karratha and Roebourne to ensure they are 

accessible and able to respond to queries 

or concerns. Community members can also 

contact the team via Woodside’s community 

line. Key issues for communities of the north-

west include creating local employment 

opportunities and ensuring the region’s long-

term economic development. 

We are responding by reviewing our social 

contribution focus areas with a greater 

emphasis on investing for outcomes, by 

increasing our focus on social baselining  

and indicators. 

We continue to engage with stakeholders  

in the north-west through our community 

liaison groups (CLGs) in Karratha and 

Exmouth. In 2016, the frequency of CLG 

meetings in Karratha was increased to 

quarterly and membership expanded to 

improve their effectiveness. 

In Exmouth, three CLG meetings were jointly 

held with two other oil and gas operators. 

We consulted with community, government, 

industry and NGOs to support environment 

approvals for our ongoing exploration, project 

and operational activities. 

Woodside also conducted engagement with 

communities and key stakeholders to support 

our activities and interests in Canada, Ireland, 

New Zealand, Timor-Leste, Senegal and the 

Republic of Korea. 






Creating 

shared 

value


46 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Value generated 

(economic contribution)

Social 

investment

Woodside has been a substantial contributor to 

the Australian economy for more than 60 years. As 

Woodside’s business portfolio has expanded, we are 

engaging with a growing number of stakeholders, 

including investors, governments and communities. 

Similarly, our value generated and distributed is 

continuing to be significant, in line with our  

operational footprint.

Woodside’s economic value retained is $170 million (calculated as 

economic value generated less economic value distributed). 

1. Consistent with the Group’s Financial Statements, consolidated statement of cash flow. It includes Woodside’s gross payroll costs reported on a cash basis.

2. Supplier costs are consistent with the Group’s audited financial statements. They include operating, capital and exploration expenditure paid to suppliers and contractors for materials and services 

and exclude employee wages and benefits, payments to governments, payments to community groups, investments and repayments, interest, depreciation, amortisation, impairments and relevant 

indirect taxes.

*Amounts have been derived from the Woodside Annual Report 2016, or converted into USD using the average rate of 0.74 AUD/USD.

Our social investment strategy aligns business and 

community needs; the level of investment increases 

with business activity and impact. 

Our approach

In 2016, Woodside began 

implementation of an integrated 

and phased approach to social 

investment that supports the 

company’s producing assets 

and growing exploration and 

development portfolios.

Where we contribute

As Woodside’s business portfolio 

has expanded, we are engaging 

with a growing number of host 

governments and communities. 

Consistent with our phased 

approach to social investment, 

we seek to support host 

communities as early as the 

acquire and exploration phase. 

By engaging with stakeholders 

and understanding the social 

context, we are able to 

determine stakeholder needs and 

expectations and the potential 

impacts of our activities. This 

allows us to understand the best 

way we can invest for mutual 

benefit. 

Value 

generated

4.08

0.5

1.0

1.5

2.0

2.5

3.0

3.5

4.0

4.5

(0.28)

Value generated and 

distributed ($ billion)*

(2.07)

(0.66)

(0.16)

(0.01)

(0.38)

(0.35)

0.17

Suppliers2

Dividends1

Interest1

Employees1

Communities1

Taxes1

Investments and 

repayments1

Value 

retained




 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Creating shared value  47

Investing in our communities

Our strategy is to create shared value for 

both the local community and the Woodside 

business by creating capacity and capability 

in our host communities. We have aligned 

our social investment to support the United 

Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

(SDGs) by focusing on the three themes: 

opportunities, knowledge and resilience.

We believe there is shared value for our 

business and our communities by co-creating 

opportunities in education, employment and 

enterprise.

To do this, we take the time to improve our 

knowledge of what’s needed, to understand 

the environment we work in, to minimise our 

impacts and to maximise the opportunities to 

work with and support both community and 

government. 

This approach helps to build resilience in our 

host communities so they can take advantage 

of the opportunities we create.

2017 focus area

A key focus in 2017 is balancing our social 

investment portfolio while maintaining 

governance and compliance with fraud and 

corruption controls, including Woodside’s 

Code of Conduct and Anti-Bribery and 

Corruption Policy. Woodside’s procedures 

prohibit the provision of donations or social 

investments to influence business decisions in 

favour of Woodside. 

Additionally we will focus on leveraging our 

social investments to maximise benefits in 

host communities where we operate. 

Woodside Development 

Fund (WDF)

In 2014, the WDF was launched, a 10-year 

A$20 million commitment to pioneer a 

new approach to community development 

by focusing on childhood development 

to have a positive impact on health, 

productivity and participation outcomes. 

16

12

8

4

0

2013

2014

2015

2016

Africa

0.08

0.05

UK and Europe

0.08

0.10

Canada and 

the Americas

0.40

0.30

Asia-Pacific

0.16

0.3

0.63

0.75

Australia

9.9

12.3

12.7

14.5

Woodside Social Investment A$M

Woodside social investment framework (2016-2020)

We support our communities through an integrated social investment portfolio

Where we 

contribute

We invest to support our producing 

assets and growing exploration and 

development portfolios.

EXPLORATION

KNOWLEDGE

DEVELOPMENT

OPPORTUNITIES

OPERATIONS

RESILIENCE

CORPORATE

Social investment increases with business activity and impact

Woodside’s corporate 

social investment 

portfolio supports 

business build and 

reputation

Investing in our 

communities

Three themes guide our investment 

to achieve mutual benefit for 

Woodside and the community.

How we 

contribute

We provide support to our 

host communities and partner 

organisations through three 

funding mechanisms to cater 

for differing community needs.

PHILANTHROPY 

In 2016 Woodside donated 8% of its social investment to small-scale community grants and 

emergency relief donations

A$1.2M

A$1.8M

A$12.7M

 STRATEGIC SHARED VALUE PARTNERSHIPS 

In 2016, 80% of our social investment was provided to support initiatives where we work with 

partner organisations to achieve mutual benefits, and where possible shared value return to our host 

communities and businesses

Environment

Climate

Innovation

Early 

Childhood

Education

Employment

Identity 

Brand

Infrastructure

Safety 

Health

CONTRIBUTIONS

895

Employees helped us 

achieve our goals

7500+

Employee hours  

= A$1.4M value in time 

62

Organisations directly benefited 

from our volunteering

VOLUNTEERING

A$15.7  

million

Contributed to our communities

Plus A$13.9 million leveraged from other funders.1

CREATING SHARED VALUE

In addition to our contribution, an additional 

contribution of A$13.9 million into our 

communities and social investment partner 

organisations was leveraged by Woodside 

from other funders, including Woodside’s 

joint venture participants, government and 

Woodside employees.1

DRIVING COLLECTIVE IMPACT 

In 2016 Woodside contributed 12% of its social investment through the Woodside Development Fund working 

with communities to improve early childhood outcomes for children 0–8 years old

1. Leverage refers to additional contributions we facilitated through Woodside’s joint venture participants, government and Woodside employees.


48 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016



Indigenous 

engagement

Our approach

Woodside places great value on working with 

indigenous communities in the places where 

we are active. Our Woodside Management 

System provides us with a framework to 

engage indigenous communities consistently. 

Our Framework mandates the development 

of baseline indigenous community 

understanding and knowledge in locations 

in which we have significant activities. This 

may include community mapping and impact 

assessments to inform management of issues, 

identification of opportunities as well as ways 

to improve community resilience. In relevant 

situations we also manage our relationships 

and impacts through agreement-making. 

A continuous improvement model frames 

our principles and focus for effort in our 

engagements with indigenous communities 

globally. Its features include these 

fundamental activities:

 + Developing workforce respect for 

indigenous cultures and communities 

through cultural awareness training and 

supporting initiatives promoting our host 

communities’ cultures.

 + Building and strengthening relationships 

through inclusive heritage management 

processes and supporting community 

priorities, such as young people’s wellbeing 

and the transmission of cultural knowledge 

from senior people to younger generations.

 + Increasing economic opportunities by 

growing the proportion of indigenous 

peoples working for us or our suppliers, by 

awarding more contracts to indigenous-

owned businesses and by encouraging skills 

building in those businesses.

 + Developing and extending Woodside’s 

Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) for 

Australian Indigenous communities to 

be applicable to international settings. 

Woodside’s third RAP includes a framework 

to ensure that the activities we commit 

to will have a lasting outcome in the 

communities where we operate. 

  For more information on our RAP report visit 

our website.

In 2017, we will continue engaging with 

indigenous communities. 

Respectful engagement

Woodside engages with indigenous 

communities locally and internationally. These 

are some examples of how we engaged with 

indigenous communities in 2016:

 + Continuing to build and strengthen our 

relationships with Indigenous communities 

in the Pilbara region, For more detail about 

our Pilbara Indigenous engagement see 

our section on Engaging communities and 

managing impacts on page 44. 

 + Establishing a task group of respected 

Whadjuk Noongar community 

representatives to advise us about 

opportunities for respectful and meaningful 

acknowledgements of Noongar culture in 

the design of Woodside’s new headquarters 

building. Engagement will continue 

throughout 2017. 

 + Maintaining engagement with First Nations 

Peoples in North-West British Columbia, 

Canada, as well as Maori people from the 

area surrounding the Taranaki and Great 

Southern Basins in New Zealand about 

Woodside’s potential developments. Given 

the limited nature of our activities in these 

regions, these initial engagements are 

setting the foundations of the long-term 

meaningful relationships we intend to 

develop as our activities evolve.

We continually work to strengthen our relationships with 

indigenous communities in the places where we are active. 

CASE STUDY

Creating a legacy

In July 2007, Woodside and the Australian 

Government entered into a Conservation 

Agreement for the Dampier Archipelago, 

which includes the Burrup Peninsula (also 

known as Murujuga) where our operating 

facilities are located. 

Woodside committed up to A$34 million 

under the Conservation Agreement to support 

projects that manage, transmit, protect and 

research the values of the place where we 

have successfully co-existed for more than 

three decades. 

Since 2013, Woodside has been directly 

engaging traditional owners and Murujuga 

Aboriginal Corporation (MAC) in strategic 

planning and management of the 

Conservation Agreement. 

At the 2016 Conservation Agreement Annual 

Strategic Meeting it was agreed that, in 

collaboration with MAC and other partners, 

our key focus areas would be the following: 

 + To ensure transparency and obtaining 

community assurance in relation to the 

benefits of our contributions, since the 

inception of projects in 2008.

 + To develop and maintain the right 

partnerships and participation models 

from among Federal, State and local 

governments, as well as industry and 

community. 

Woodside will continue to work directly with 

the community on these focus areas.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Creating shared value  49

Reconciliation 

Action Plan (RAP) 

In 2016, Woodside launched its third RAP, committing us to practical actions 

to improve relationships with, and create opportunities for, Australian 

Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. 

CREATING SHARED VALUE

Respect

1. Workforce cultural competency

2. Indigenous perceptions of Woodside

Relationships

1. Indigenous input

2. Engagement and collaboration

3. Contribution aligned with  

community priorities

Opportunities

1. Indigenous employment

2. Indigenous business participation

3. Indigenous employee growth  

and development

4. Social contribution outcomes

National leadership (Woodside 

Development Fund, WDF)

1. Key early childhood outcomes

2. Partner capability build 

3. Advocacy for early childhood dialogue 

and policy

The RAP program is overseen by national 

not-for-profit organisation Reconciliation 

Australia.

Reconciliation Australia awarded the 

highest of four ratings to Woodside’s 

RAP: Elevate. Woodside is the 17th 

organisation in Australia, and the first  

oil and gas company, to attain this  

level of RAP.

Woodside’s first two RAPs helped us 

embed the importance of recognising 

and working with Indigenous 

communities in the business.

This RAP reflects on Woodside’s journey 

over the past 40 years: the impacts of 

our business on Australia’s Indigenous 

people and their cultural heritage, and 

our journey to include communities in 

our work. 

Our vision under this RAP centres on 

meaningful, mutual exchange. The 

activities we undertake need to have 

a lasting outcome in the communities 

where we operate. Aligned with this, 

our third RAP includes an outcomes 

measurement framework. It reflects  

a continuous improvement mindset and 

represents an evolution in our approach 

as we expand and grow our global 

business. 

We use a 5-point scale to score our 

performance on 12 progress indicators. 

These indicators relate to our outcomes 

spanning respect, relationships, 

opportunities and national leadership.

For Woodside, 2016 was a baseline year 

under this new framework, and results 

will be captured in our forthcoming 

stand-alone RAP report, to be published 

on our website. 

RAP themes with  

12 progress indicators





Reconciliation WA Co-chair Carol Innes and Warren Mundine, 

Chair of the Prime Minister’s Indigenous Advisory Council, talk to 

Woodside’s Adam Lees and Niall Myles.


50 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Supply chain

Improving the sustainability of our supply chains is a strategic imperative  

of Woodside’s approach to contracting and procurement.

Our approach

We recognise that improvements in 

environmental, social and governance 

performance within supply chains can result in 

significant cost savings, improved compliance 

and productivity. We also acknowledge the 

importance of providing sustainable economic 

benefits through local employment and 

supply-chain opportunities, which have a 

positive impact on communities in which we 

conduct business. 

Our supply chain incorporates procurement 

and logistics management across our value 

chain. In 2016, Woodside engaged a total of  

2, 088 suppliers and spent approximately  

$3.5 billion across a range of locations. The 

number of suppliers engaged reduced by  

22% compared to 2015 as a result of our 

category management approach, which seeks 

to consolidate the number of suppliers to 

create a greater transparency on spend and 

more attractive opportunities for small to 

medium enterprises.

We have a standardised approach to 

developing contracting and category 

strategies, supplier selection and evaluation, 

contract and supplier management and 

procure to pay activities.

We expect high standards of ethical 

conduct within our organisation and from 

our suppliers. We have a Supplier Code of 

Business Conduct that describes how we seek 

to do business with our suppliers and how we 

set expectations to ensure they are consistent 

with our values. 

Our processes ensure that supply-chain risks 

are identified and quantified with appropriate 

controls and performance measures included 

in contract and supplier management plans. 

Anti-bribery and corruption due-diligence 

processes ensure appropriate screening, 

evaluation and monitoring of all third parties 

with whom we do business. 

Our performance 

Highlights in 2016:

 + Creating an International Contracting and 

Procurement Team to respond to emerging 

international opportunities and growth.

 + Implementing a procedure with new 

supporting guidelines and a tender probity 

declaration form added to strengthen our 

tendering controls.

 + Implementing a Supplier Relationship 

Management (SRM) process to ensure 

long-term, strategic management of our 

relationship with 25 Tier 1 suppliers. 

 + Focusing on participation of Indigneous-

owned businesses within Australia with  

29 contracts being delivered, which 

included sub-contracts issued by our major 

suppliers, as well as direct contracts with 

Woodside. This represents a 16% increase 

on the cumulative number of contracts 

awarded in the period from 2011 to 2015.

 + Completing a supply-chain mapping project 

with four major suppliers. The project 

included a review of the material sourcing 

process and potential human rights issues 

within the supply chains and sought to 

inform the development of appropriate 

techniques and methodologies for these 

processes. No major issues were identified.

 + Commencing a mobility solution for 

warehousing to improve efficiencies at our 

Perth Distribution Centre. 

2017 focus areas 

 + Develop a supply-chain sustainability risk 

framework.

 + Conduct a supplier sustainability audit. 

 + Strengthen the assurance process to ensure 

compliance with internal policies and 

procedures. 

 + Implement a mandatory competency 

and learning program for key internal 

stakeholders, including training on local 

content, engagement and health and safety 

with indigenous peoples.

 + Increase fraud detection measures  

and controls. 

% of $3.5B spend 

by continent1

4.29%

10.41%

0.64%

0.01%

83.03%

1.62%

1. Woodside spend under management by Contracting &amp; Procurement. Shown in Woodside’s capacity as operator (includes spend on behalf of joint venture participants). Summarised by location of 

suppliers registered office.

Africa

Asia

Europe

North America

South America

Australia


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Creating shared value  51



CASE STUDY

Changing attitudes and outcomes 

Woodside spends millions of 

dollars on external contracts 

every year, yet only a small 

portion are with Indigenous-

owned businesses in Australia. 

In areas dominated by technical 

expertise, such as Subsea and 

Pipelines (SSPL), the historical 

misconception has been that the 

specialised goods and services 

required were not offered by any 

Indigenous-owned businesses. 

This perception was challenged 

resulting in new opportunities. 

What we did

The Contracting and Procurement (C&amp;P) 

function sought to challenge this norm 

by exploring opportunities for Indigenous 

peoples’ involvement in SSPL activities. 

Activities 

 + Held an Indigenous Engagement 

Briefing Session with all major SSPL 

and offshore project suppliers, and 

emphasised how important Indigenous 

engagement is to Woodside, and that 

we expect suppliers to collaborate with 

Woodside in identifying opportunities to 

engage Indigenous-owned businesses 

and promote cultural understanding. 

 + Maintained a sustained effort to 

reinforce with suppliers at all tender 

briefings that Indigenous engagement 

will play a part in the award decision. 

This position is also reinforced in our 

tender documentation. 

 + Ensured all new engagement 

commitments with Indigenous people 

made by our suppliers are recorded and 

monitored. 

Outcomes

 + Four Indigenous employees in place 

with SSPL suppliers. 

 + Five traineeship opportunities 

committed to by SSPL suppliers. 

 + 11 Indigenous-owned businesses 

engaged for subcontracting 

opportunities within SSPL and  

offshore projects.

 + New SSPL contractor members for 

Indigenous-owned business advocacy 

organisations for Supply Nation and 

Local Contracting Alliance.

 + Provided a framework for other oil and 

gas operators and contractors to host 

similar briefings to improve engagement 

and contracting with Indigenous-owned 

businesses.

Woodside’s presentation acknowledging the outstanding achievements 

by Subsea and Pipeline suppliers in creating business opportunities for 

Indigenous people.


52 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Technology and 

innovation collaboration 

We believe rapid innovation is crucial to our industry and we must be  

equipped to embrace disruptive change and seek the opportunities technology  

and innovation may bring, providing both Woodside and our partners shared benefits.

Woodside FutureLab 

We see an opportunity to accelerate 

innovation by collaborating with start-up 

companies that are able to quickly develop 

new techniques. We believe Western Australia 

provides the perfect hub for innovation 

excellence and expertise. 

During the year, we rolled out our FutureLab 

exchange program that encourages Woodside 

employees and our collaboration partners to 

connect and create value. 

Woodside FutureLab delivers collaborative 

innovation through key partnerships 

initially under three broad themes: offshore 

transformation, plant of the future and an 

intelligent enterprise. 

This dynamic network is creating a world-class 

legacy of technology excellence and subject 

matter expertise. 

Through FutureLab, Woodside is building 

scientific and technological innovation via 

collaborations with local research institutions, 

start-ups, entrepreneurs and adjacent leading 

industries. 

Through these collaborations Woodside 

benefits from the solutions identified, while 

our partners received potential funding, 

technical support and financial benefits. The 

companies we collaborate with also receive 

benefits via the publication of industry and 

academic articles.

We support three innovation centres – the 

Cisco Internet of Everything Innovation Centre 

at Curtin University, the Monash Innovation 

Centre delivering on our 3D printing program 

and our offshore transformation program at 

the University of Western Australia.

In 2016, we also supported programs that 

encourage innovation through programs 

including KPMG Energise and the Western 

Australian Innovator of the Year Awards. 



Woodside FutureLab

Offshore Transformation

Plant of the Future

Intelligent Enterprise

Collaboration spaces

Innovation hubs at 

sponsored universities  

and partners



Collaboration partners

Curtin University

Murdoch University

The University of  

Western Australia

Strategic suppliers

Strategic customers



Commercialisation and 

deployment

KPMG Energise

WA Innovator of the Year



Education and events

CEED Program

(Undergrad &amp; PhD)

Curtin Corrosion Centre

Computational Geoscience

STEM in schools

WA Premier’s Science Award



Exchange events

Events and tools to  

enable innovation  

thinking and collaborative  

problem-solving






Sustainability 

performance


54 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Sustainability 

targets

2016 Material issue targets

2016 targets

2016 performance

Key 2017 targets

Transparency, anti-bribery  

and corruption

Zero violations of anti-bribery 

and corruption laws within or in 

connection with Woodside

Zero violations of anti-bribery and 

corruption laws within or in connection 

with Woodside

Zero violations of 

anti-bribery and 

corruption laws within 

or in connection with 

Woodside

Regulatory compliance

No significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions imposed on 

Woodside for non-compliance with 

statutory requirements

Five regulatory infringement notices 

were received for lower-level regulatory 

contraventions. 

No significant fines 

or non-monetary 

sanctions imposed 

on Woodside for 

non-compliance with 

statutory requirements

Climate change

Reduction of fuel intensity by 1%  

(TJ/kt of hydrocarbon production)

Met 1% reduction in fuel intensity  

(TJ/kt of hydrocarbon production)

An additional 1% 

reduction below 

business-as-usual levels 

(compared to 2016)

Flaring intensity less than 9 t/kt

Flaring intensity 6.1 t/kt

Flaring intensity less 

than 7.5 t/kt

Major incident prevention

Zero Tier 1 PSEs AND three or fewer 

Tier 2 PSEs

One Tier 11 PSE AND one Tier 2 PSE

Zero Tier 1 PSEs and 

two or fewer Tier 2 

PSEs

Major incident response

93% Global Assurance Benchmark 

Spill Preparedness rating (RETOS 2) 

(Australia)

99% Global Assurance Benchmark 

Spill Preparedness rating achieved 

(Australia)

95% Global Assurance 

Benchmark Spill 

Preparedness rating 

(RETOS 2)

Health and  

safety performance

Achieve TRIR target2 to 

demonstrate sustained progress 

towards global top-quartile health 

and safety performance by 2017

1.64 TRIR

Demonstrated 

continuous 

improvement on 2016 

to deliver leading health 

and safety performance

We set sustainability targets in order to measure our ongoing performance  

and to help us monitor and drive our sustainable development. Woodside’s  

sustainability targets are reviewed each year and reflect the outcomes of our  

materiality process.

Our sustainability targets are embedded throughout the company. 

Our internal business planning process involves setting targets at the 

following levels: 

 + Corporate scorecard targets

 + Corporate executive committee dashboard targets

 + Divisional performance agreement targets

 + Functional performance agreement targets.

A number of targets and metrics associated with our material issues 

are linked to employee and executive compensation as part of our 

corporate scorecard. 

The targets presented in the following table reflect our most 

significant sustainability issues, as identified by our materiality process. 

Sustainability targets not specifically relating to our six material issues 

are integrated into relevant sections of this report.

1. The Tier 1 PSE involved the release of stabilised condensate that was contained within the storage tank bund and was internally classified as low risk. 

2. Woodside’s official TRIR target was 1.8 as per Company Scorecard (refer to Annual Report 2016). In the Sustainable Development Report 2015, the TRIR internal stretch target of 1.5 was reported.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainability performance  55

Dow Jones Sustainability Index

FTSE4Good

Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)

MSCI

Relevant memberships and subscriptions for the Sustainable Development Report:

Australian  

memberships 

International  

memberships 

International  

subscriptions

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE























Our performance 

Global benchmarks

We have participated in this 

index since 2002. We have 

maintained membership of 

the World Index, Asia Pacific 

Index and Australia Index. 

We maintained leader group 

status for our sector in the 

2017 Sustainability Yearbook.

Score: 80/100, 95 percentile 

in upstream integrated oil 

and gas sector

Industry average: 47/100 

RobecoSAM: Silver Class

For the third year we  

achieved inclusion in  

this index. Our ESG  

rating was an absolute  

score of 3.6 out of 5.

Score: 3.6/5, 93 percentile in 

supersector

We have participated in CDP’s 

climate change program 

since 2007. We improved 

our score from a C (2013 

and 2014) to a B this year. 

CDP Performance band B 

represents Management – 

taking co-ordinated action  

on climate change issues.

Score: B Management 

Industry group average:  

C Awareness

We have been rated by 

Morgan Stanley Capital 

International (MSCI) since 2011 

when we achieved an A rating. 

We have improved our rating 

over the years and this year 

maintained a AAA rating  

with this index.

Rating: AAA, top decile in 

industry group

 Read more about Woodside’s sustainability performance at www.woodside.com.au/working-sustainably





To help evaluate our progress in a more objective way, we track our performance  

against a number of recognised external benchmarks. We are seeking continuous  

improvement in environment, social and governance (ESG) global indices.



UNEP World Conservation 

Monitoring Centre






In 2016, Woodside 

launched the 'Real 

Conversations, Genuine 

Relationships, Stronger 

Communities' campaign 

to showcase Woodside’s 

contribution to the 

communities in which  

we operate.

Read more at www.woodside.com.au/working-sustainably


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainability performance  57

GRI and IPIECA indexes

This table references the Global Reporting Initiative’s G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines and IPIECA’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary 

Sustainability Reporting, 3rd Edition.

General Standard Disclosures1

Page – SD Report 2016

Page – Annual Report 2016 

Strategy and analysis

G4-1

Statement from the most senior decision maker

6

10-11

Organisational Profile

G4-3

Name of the organisation

1

ii

G4-4

Primary brands, products and services

3-5, 8-9

1-3, 19, 136

G4-5

Location of headquarters

5, back page

3, 131, back page

G4-6

Countries of operations

3-5

2-3, 136

G4-7

Nature of ownership

1

ii, 98, 129

G4-8

Markets served

3-5

19, 44-45, 100-101

G4-9

Scale of the organisation

3-5, 24, 60

2-5, 16-17, 48, 110-112, 136

G4-10

Number of employees

24, 60

48

G4-11

Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements

information currently unavailable

NA

G4-12

Description of supply chain

50-51

G4-13

Significant changes during the reporting period

4-6, 50

8-11, 69, 71, 92, 109, 132

G4-14

Use of the precautionary principle

10,43

58-59

G4-15

List of charters, principles or initiatives subscribed

55

G4-16

Memberships of associations

55

66

Identified Material Aspects and Boundaries

G4-17

Entities included in financial statements

1

ii 

G4-18

Defining report content

10-15,57

G4-19

Material aspects identified

13

50, 58-59

G4-20

Aspect boundary within the organisation

1, 57

G4-21

Aspect boundary outside the organisation

1, 57

G4-22

Restatements of information

50, 54, 59

G4-23

Significant change to scope and aspect boundaries

no significant changes to scope or aspect boundaries, 50

Stakeholder Engagement

G4-24

List of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation

14-15

G4-25

Basis for identification of stakeholders

14-15

G4-26

Approach to stakeholder engagement

14-15

G4-27

Topics raised by stakeholders

14-15

Report Profile

G4-28

Reporting period

calendar year

ii

G4-29

Date of previous report

2015 calendar year

2015 calendar year

G4-30

Reporting cycle

1

ii

G4-31

Contact point for questions

inside front cover, back cover

back cover

G4-32

In accordance option of GRI

1, 56

G4-33

Assurance

1, 63

126-128

Governance

G4-34

Governance structure

10

12, 66-69

Ethics and Integrity

G4-56

Values, principles, codes of conduct

inside front cover, 18

iv

1. The description of disclosures has been summarised. For full descriptions refer to globalreporting.org.

Specific Standard Disclosures 2017

DMA and Indicators

Page

Omissions

Reason for Omission

IPIECA

Material Aspects

Transparency, anti-bribery and 

corruption

DMA – Anti Bribery and 

Corruption G4- SO5

18-19

SE 11, SE 12, SE 13

Regulatory Compliance

DMA – Compliance 

G4- SO8

20-21

Climate Change

DMA – Economic 

Performance G4-EC2

28, 30-33, 59

Costs associated with 

actions relating to climate 

change

Information not currently available. 

Reviewing FSB’s Task Force for 

Climate Related Financial Disclosures 

for future reporting.

E 1, E 2, E 3, E 4

Major Incident Prevention

DMA – Asset Integrity 

and Process Safety G4 

– OG13

36-37

HS 5

Major Incident Response

DMA – Emergency 

Preparedness

38-39

E 9 

Health and Safety Performance

DMA – Occupational 

Health and Safety 

G4-LA6

40, 58

TRIR, LTIFR and Absentee 

rate by gender

Data collection processes do not 

enable the reporting of health, 

safety and absentee rates by 

gender. To be reviewed for business 

value over coming years.

HS 1,2,3

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE


58 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016



GRI boundaries for sustainability issues

No.

Material issue

Report section

Boundary

1

Climate change

Building a resilient business

Company / Operations

2

Major incident response 

Operating responsibly

Company / Partners / Suppliers

3

Major incident prevention 

Operating responsibly

Company / Workforce

4

Transparency, anti-bribery and corruption

Operating with transparency and integrity

Company / Partners / Suppliers

5

Health and safety performance

Operating responsibly

Company / Partners / Suppliers / Workforce

6

Regulatory compliance 

Operating with transparency and integrity

Company

7

People, capability, inclusion and diversity

Fostering the organisation and culture

Workforce

8

Payment transparency

Operating with transparency and integrity

Company/ Partners / Suppliers

9

Social and cultural impacts on local communities

Operating responsibly

Operations

10

Supply chain and local content

Creating shared value

Company / Suppliers / Operations

11

Disruptive technology 

Building a resilient business

Company

12

Market and economic impacts

Building a resilient business

Company

13

Human rights

Operating with transparency and integrity

Myanmar

14

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Operating responsibly

Company / Operations

15

Reserve replacement

Woodside website

Operations

16

Non–operator venture management

Woodside website

Non-operators

17

Energy security 

Building a resilient business

Company / Partners

18

Decommissioning

Woodside website

Company 

19

Water usage

Managing our enironmental impacts

Operations 

Assurance

Information presented here has been 

externally assured. Ernst &amp; Young (EY) has 

conducted reasonable assurance related 

to Woodside’s material issues and limited 

assurance over the balance of the report. 

A copy of EY assurance statement is on 

page 64.

In a reasonable assurance engagement,  

EY gathers sufficient appropriate evidence  

to conclude that the subject matter conforms 

in all material respects with identified  

suitable criteria.

In a limited assurance engagement,  

EY gathers sufficient appropriate evidence  

to conclude that the subject matter is 

plausible in the circumstances.

The procedures performed in a limited 

assurance engagement vary in nature, and 

are less in extent than for a reasonable 

assurance engagement. As a result, the level 

of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 

engagement is lower than the assurance 

obtained from a reasonable assurance 

engagement.

 For more information, review ASAE 3000 

at auasb.gov.au (Assurance of Community 

Investment Programs)

Report verification

Woodside became a member of the London 

Benchmarking Group (LBG) in 2009, joining 

many other companies around the world who 

report, by way of a consistent methodology, 

on contributions to the community, including 

financial support, time, in-kind donations and 

management costs.



GRi and IPIECA Indexes cont.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainability performance  59

Data tables

Health and safety performance1 

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

Workforce exposure (hours)

Employees

 7,258,871

 7,633,456 

7,562,421

 7,357,245 

 8,153,514 

Contractors

 6,778,640

 6,393,049 

 6,117,328 

 6,637,001 

10,952,768 

Total

 14,037,511

 14,026,505 

 13,679,749 

13,994,246 

 19,106,282 

Number of incidents

Fatalities – employees

0

0

0

0

0

Fatalities – contractors

0

0

0

0

0

Total fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

Recordable injuries – employees2

6 (16)

8 (20)

7 (12)

7 (13)

23 (24)

Recordable injuries – contractors2

17 (19)

16 (21)

19 (25)

35 (39)

56 (62)

Total recordable injuries2

23 (35)

24 (41)

26 (37)

42 (52)

79 (86)

Lost time injury events – employees2

1 (1)

3 (4)

0 (2)

2 (5)

9 (9)

Lost time injury events – contractors2

3 (3)

3 (4)

3 (4)

4 (5)

9 (10)

Lost time injury events2

4 (4)

6 (8)

3 (6)

6 (10)

18 (19)

High potential incidents

10

10

21

36

30

Recordable occupational illnesses – employees

10

12

5

6

1

Recordable occupational illnesses – contractors

2

5

6

4

6

Total recordable occupational illnesses

12

17

11

10

7

Frequency rates3

Total recordable injury rate – employees2

0.83 (2.20)

1.05 (2.62)

0.93 (1.59)

0.95 (1.77)

2.82 (2.94)

Total recordable injury rate – contractors2

2.51 (2.80)

2.50 (3.28)

3.11 (4.09)

5.27 (5.88)

5.11 (5.66)

Total recordable injury rate2

1.64 (2.49)

1.71 (2.92)

1.90 (2.70)

3.00 (3.72)

4.13 (4.50)

Lost time injury frequency – employees2

0.14 (0.14)

0.39 (0.52)

0 (0.26)

0.27 (0.68)

1.1 (1.1)

Lost time injury frequency – contractors2

0.44 (0.44)

0.47 (0.63)

0.49 (0.65)

0.60 (0.75)

0.82 (0.91)

Lost time injury frequency2

0.28 (0.28)

0.43 (0.57)

0.22 (0.44)

0.43 (0.71)

0.94 (0.99)

High potential incident frequency

0.71

0.71

 1.54 

2.57

1.57

Total recordable occupational illness frequency – employees

1.38

1.57

0.66

0.82

0.12

Total recordable occupational illness frequency – contractors

0.30

0.78

0.98

0.60

0.55

Total recordable occupational illness frequency

0.85

1.21

0.80

0.71

0.36

Total recordable injury rate by region2,3

Australia

1.74 (2.57)

1.74 (3.03)

 1.92 (2.72)

2.79 (3.53)

4.21 (4.58)

Asia

0.00 (2.18)

0

0

13.33 (13.33)

0

Other

0.00 (0.00)

2.61 (2.61)

Not previously reported

Overall frequency

1.64 (2.49)

1.71 (2.92)

 1.90 (2.70)

3.00 (3.72)

4.13 (4.50)

Total recordable occupational illness frequency by region3

Australia

 0.83

 1.29

0.81

0.74

0.37

Asia

 2.18

Not previously reported

Overall frequency

 0.85 

1.21

0.80

0.71

0.36

Lost days by region

Australia

23

225

158

107

513

Asia

0

0

0

4

0

Other

0

28

Not previously reported

Total

23 

253

158

111

513

Lost days by gender

Male employees

10

119

30

39

336

Female employees

0

11

0

22

6

Male contractors

13 

80

104

50

170

Female contractors

0

43

24

0

1

Total

23 

253

158

111

513

Number of injuries by gender

Male employees

5

6

7

7

21

Female employees

1

2

0

0

2

Male contractors

17

15

17

34

52

Female contractors

0

1

2

1

4

Total

23

24

26

42

79

Occupational illness by gender

Male employees

9

11

4

4

0

Female employees

1

1

1

2

1

Male contractors

2

3

6

4

5

Female contractors

0

2

0

0

1

Total

12

17

11

10

7

Training time spent on health and safety by region (hours)

Australia4

27,409

5,587

 4,892 

5,406

4,553

Asia

0

0

0

0

0

Total

0

5,587

 4,892 

5,406

4,553

Employee absentee rate by region

Australia

1.41 

Not previously reported

Asia

0.63

Not previously reported

North America

0.34 

Not previously reported

Significant Loss of Containment (LOC) events5

Total

No longer reported

6

Major LOC events5

Total

No longer reported

0

Process safety events6

Tier 1 

1

0

0

0

0

Tier 2

1

2

2

4

5

Total

2

1. Health and safety data includes international exploration activity.

2. In 2013, Woodside adjusted the calculation to report Total Recordable Injuries (TRIR) and 

Rates and Lost Time Injury (LTI) events and frequencies. All data is now stated in line with this 

methodology. The figures in the parentheses above reflect the previously publicly reported 

data, which includes all recordable illnesses.

3. Frequency rates are calculated per million hours worked.

4. Increase in training hours in 2016 was driven by mandatory Process Safety Management training.

5. As defined by the Reporting of Injuries Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations 

(RIDDOR) hydrocarbon release classification. Woodside ceased use of RIDDOR in 2013.

6. Classified in accordance with American Petroleum Institute Recommended Practice 754 (API RP 754).

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE


60 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Environmental performance1

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

Hydrocarbon production2, 5

Total - equity (kt)5

 10,890

10,683

10,678

9,769

9,538

Total (kt)2

34,520

34,237

34,848

33,232

34,484

Revenue3 

Revenue - equity ($USDm)

4,075

5,030

7,435

5,926

6,348

Greenhouse gas emissions1,4

Scope 1 emissions - equity (kt CO2e)5

3,494

3,424

3,435

3,049

2,294

Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2e)6

10,084

9,974

9,822

9,184

8,402

Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2e)6

14

7

8

8

8

Scope 1 emissions intensity - equity (kt CO2e/kt)5

0.32

0.32

0.32

0.31

0.24

Scope 1 emissions intensity (kt CO2e/kt)6

0.29

0.29

0.28

0.28

0.24

Scope 1 emissions intensity - equity (kt CO2e/$USDm)

0.86

0.68

0.46

0.51

0.36

Greenhouse gas emissions by source

Fuel combustion (kt CO2e)

7,495

7,171

7,083

6,526

6,173

Flare (kt CO2e)

654

961

1,105

1,154

868

Venting (kt CO2e)

1,861

1,768

1,562

1,434

1,184

Other (kt CO2e)

88

81

80

78

186

Flared gas1

Total flaring - equity (tonnes)5,7

90,652

161,488

170,421

121,477

59,445

Total flaring (tonnes)6

210,045

311,834

349,845

421,394

216,589

Flaring Intensity - equity (t/kt)5,7

8.3

15.1

16.0

12.4

6.2

Flaring intensity (t/kt)6

6.1

9.1

10.0

12.7

6.3

Non-greenhouse gas emissions6

NOx (tonnes)

19,908

19,998

19,799

 19,967

19,500

SOx (tonnes)

41

42

42

48

388

VOCs (tonnes)

 18,508

20,574

18,497

18,395

11,073

Refrigerants

CFC-11 (tonnes)

0.14

0.11

0.19

0.15

0.12

Resource use1

Fuel consumption

Total fuel consumption - equity (TJ)5,8

49,800

46,496

47,949

45,585

36,898

Total fuel consumption (TJ)6,8 

145,356

141,432

142,048

131,858

125,697

Fuel intensity - equity (TJ/kt)5,8

4.6

4.4

4.5

4.7

3.9

Fuel intensity (TJ/kt)6,8

4.2

4.1

4.1

4.0

3.6

Electricity consumption

Grid electricity consumption (TJ)9

68.1

30.0

31.0

31.4

35.0

Water

Fresh water use (m3)10

381,919

403,361

358,408

524,408

417,245

Fresh water intensity (m3/kt)

 11.1 

 11.8 

 10.3 

 15.8 

 12.1

Produced formation water - reinjection (m3)

8,187,635

7,553,687

5,826,162

3,442,947

-

Produced formation water - open marine (m3)

5,107,834

10,251,346

10,142,841

8,069,245

7,005,566

Produced formation water - oil load open marine (kg)

44,119

99,131

86,617

71,056

45,024

Waste6

Non-hazardous (tonnes)

1,426

3,216

3,357

6,619

4,794

Hazardous (tonnes)

8,085

8,729

8,508

9,645

7,718

Total waste (tonnes)

9,511

11,945

11,865

16,264

12,512

Waste Disposal

Incineration (tonnes)6

7

6

1

848

976

Evaporation (tonnes)6

5,663

5,931

5,104

6,146

4,432

Landfill (tonnes)6

1,596

2,866

3,258

4,628

3,616

Reused / recycled (tonnes)6

2,174

2,812

3,377

3,884

3,488

Other (tonnes)6

71

239

125

758

0

Environmental incidents

Total number of hydrocarbon spills (&gt;1 bbl)

2

0

1

Total – Quantity of hydrocarbon spilt for spills &gt;1 bbl (m3)11

0.51

0

0.7

0.21

0.32

Total number of non-hydrocarbon spills (&gt;1 bbl)

3

8

0

Total – Quantity of non-hydrocarbon spilt for spills &gt; 1 bbl (m3)

19.8

13.8

0

2.8

0

1. Performance data is reported on both a total and Woodside equity share basis as appropriate. International exploration activity is excluded from environmental data.

2. Total hydrocarbon production includes liquid and gas products that are exported (sold) and gas used as fuel. Non-equity figures are based on production from operated assets only. Reinjected gas 

and liquids are not included. 

3. Total operation revenue includes sales revenue, processing revenue and trading revenue. Refer to page 33 for more information.

4. Data excludes all Scope 3 emissions.

5. The equity portion of greenhouse gas emissions, non-greenhouse gas emissions, flaring and fuel consumption and production values include data from non-operated ventures where Woodside 

owns an equity portion, where data has been made available.

6. Woodside’s operated greenhouse gas emissions, non-greenhouse emissions, flaring, fuel consumption and waste values have been adjusted to exclude contractor facilities where Woodside does 

not have operational control.

7. Woodside’s equity flare portion has been recalculated to align with production allocation rules.

8. Fuel consumption is a new metric for 2016 and includes liquid and gaseous fuels. 

9. Grid energy consumption was previously represented as third party electricity.

10. Woodside Plaza water use has been estimated due to late acquisition of data.

11. 2016 volume of hydrocarbon spilt has been estimated in line with information available at the time of publication.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainability performance  61

People

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

Number of staff by gender

Male

2,499

2,483

2,757

2,836

2,929

Female

1,012

973

1,046

1,053

1,068

Total

3,511

3,456

3,803

3,889

3,997

Number of staff by employment type

Permanent

3,010

2,931

3,224

3,325

3,481

Fixed term

251

276

290

294

283

Part time

250

249

289

270

233

Total

3,511

3,456

3,803

3,889

3,997

Number of staff by employment category1

Administration – Male 

90

82

112

111

121

Administration – Female

138

136

186

221

234

Technical – Male 

1,013

1,002

1,068

1,085

1,076

Technical – Female 

411

398

392

359

366

Supervisory/Professional – Male 

863

879

997

1,040

1,089

Supervisory/Professional – Female

360

356

386

388

395

Middle Management – Male 

496

479

543

560

602

Middle Management – Female 

94

77

78

80

69

Senior Management – Male 

37

41

37

40

41

Senior Management – Female

9

6

4

5

4

Total

3,511

3,456

3,803

3,889

3,997

Board Members – Male 

7

7

Board Members – Female

3

2

Number of staff by region

Australia

3,468

3,392

3,788

3,863

3,933

Africa/Middle East

0

1

1

0

0

Asia

21

32

8

4

9

Europe

11

17

2

2

4

New Zealand

0

1

1

USA and Canada (Canada staff added in 2015)

11

13

3

20

51

Total

3,511

3,456

3,803

3,889

3,997

Number of Contractors

Total

192

243

210

331

590

Woodside staff age distribution (years)

≤30 Male

348

361

374

392

406

≤30 Female

289

295

285

291

316

31–50 Male

1,514

1,518

1,680

1,748

1,841

31–50 Female

624

588

642

643

649

51+ Male

637

604

703

696

682

51+ Female

99

90

119

119

103

Total

3,511

3,456

3,803

3,889

3,997

Breakdown of employees per category according to indigenous workforce

Employees

103

94

99

101

92

Pathways

33

28

44

54

75

Contractors construction

0

0

0

0

0

Total

136

122

143

155

167

Employee turnover (number)

Male employees

87

403

218

295

256

Female employees

38

151

82

105

91

Total

125

554

300

400

347

Voluntary turnover (number)

113

199

Turnover by region (number)

Australia

123

553

296

391

340

Africa/Middle East

0

Asia

1

1

Europe

New Zealand

USA

2

4

9

6

Total

125

554

300

400

347

Employee turnover by age group (years)

≤30

22

56

50

73

53

31–50

58

271

165

236

202

51+

45

227

85

91

92

Total

125

554

300

400

347

Returning from Parental leave (percentage)

86

92

89

84

89

Traineeship and apprenticeship program (number) 

109

142

149

125

117

Employees in Graduate Program (number)

Male employees

143

114

89

80

89

Female employees

127

97

70

53

46

Total

270

211

159

133

135

Total hours of training by gender

Male employees (excluding PSM training)

62,471

63,657

Female employees (excluding PSM training)

15,752

13,887

Total

78,223

77,544

Total hours of Process Safety Management (PSM) training by gender2

Male employees

17,356

Female employees

1,676

Total

19,032

Average per person hours of training by gender3

Male

31.94 (25.00)

25.64

29.42

23.03

Female

17.22 (15.57)

14.27

17.09

11.44

Total

27.70 (22.28)

22.44

26.03

19.89

Average per person training by gender – professional/management3

Male

25.43 (16.42)

15.87

22.53

16.49

Female

16.07 (13.32)

10.59

18.17

12.47

Total

23.10 (15.65)

14.61

21.53

15.59

Total hours of training by employee type3

Permanent

91,006 (72,734)

71,660

Fixed term

3,719 (3,427)

3,830

Part time

2,530 (2,062)

2,054

Total

97,255 (78,223)

77,544

Average per person hours of training by employee type3

Permanent

30.23 (24.16)

24.45

28.31

21.60

Fixed term

14.82 (13.65)

13.88

15.27

12.13

Part time

10.12 (8.25)

8.25

11.39

7.31

Total

27.7 (22.28)

22.44

26.03

19.89

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, by gender

Male

99%

99%

99%

97%

Female

97%

98%

96%

93%

Total

98%

99%

98%

96%

1. Woodside determines employment category based on job level.

2.  Increase in total hours training driven by mandatory Process Safety Management (PSM) training. A majority of process safety critical roles are operational or technical, predominately undertaken by 

male employees.

3. The figures in the parentheses above reflect the averages excluding PSM training.

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE


62 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Notes and definitions

Environment

Total hydrocarbon production 

Includes gross liquid and gas products, but does not include reinjected hydrocarbons.

Total energy consumption

Comprises direct and indirect energy consumption.

Fresh water use

Supplied by water utility.

Produced formation water

Water that is brought to the surface during the production of hydrocarbons.

Health and safety

Frequency rates

Frequency rates are calculated per million hours worked.

Workforce exposure hours

The total number of hours of employment including paid overtime and training but excluding leave, sickness and unpaid 

overtime hours. Hours are recorded separately for Woodside employees (includes permanent and fixed-term contractors) 

and contracting personnel. Contracting personnel are defined as people employed by another company to perform activities 

for Woodside (includes third-party contractors and service providers).

Total recordable injury rate 

(TRIR)

The number of recordable injuries (fatalities + lost work day cases + restricted workday cases + medical treatment cases) per 

1,000,000 hours worked.

Lost time injury (LTI)

A fatality or lost workday case. The number of LTIs is the sum of fatalities and lost workday cases.

Incident

Is one, or more, of the following: an unplanned release of energy that actually resulted in injury, occupational illness, 

environmental harm or damage to assets, a near miss, damage or potential damage to company reputation, breach of 

regulatory compliance and/or legislation, security breach.

High potential incident (HPI)

Is an incident, regardless of actual consequence, which could have resulted in the worst realistic consequence of Category C 

or above in accordance with the Woodside Event Reporting Impact Table.

Occupational injury

Is harm to a person such as a cut, fracture, sprain, amputation etc. that resulted from a single, instantaneous incident. All 

injuries are classified for work-relatedness and severity in accordance with IOGP.

Occupational illness

Is any work-related abnormal condition or disorder, other than one resulting from a work injury, caused by or mainly caused 

by exposures at work such as inhalation, absorption, ingestion of, or direct contact with, as well as exposure to, physical and 

psychological situations. All illnesses are classified for work-relatedness and severity in accordance with IOGP.

Loss of Primary Containment 

(LoPC)

An unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material from primary containment, including non-toxic and 

non-flammable materials (e.g. steam, hot condensate, nitrogen, compressed CO2 or compressed air).

Lost workday case (LWC)

Occurs where any work-related injury results in a person being unfit for work on ‘any day’ after the day of the event 

occurring. ‘Any day’ includes scheduled rest days, weekend days, leave days, public holidays or days after ceasing 

employment. Lost work days are calculated by counting the total number of calendar days from the date the person was 

declared unfit for work to the date the person was declared fit for restricted or normal duties.

Restricted workday case (RWC)

Occurs where any work-related injury or occupational illness results in a person being unfit for full performance of their 

regular job on any day after the event occurring. The number of Restricted Work Days is calculated by counting the total 

number of calendar days from the date that the person was declared fit for restricted duties to the date that the person was 

declared fit for normal/routine duties.

Medical treatment case (MTC)

This results where the management and care of the patient to address the injury or illness is above and beyond first aid, but 

does not involve fatality, lost days or restricted days.

Occupational illness frequency 

by region

This frequency rate includes total recordable illnesses only, i.e. the sum of all occupational-illness related fatalities, lost 

workday cases, restricted work cases and medical treatment cases. It does not include first aid cases.

Lost days

The count of lost days begins on the day immediately after the day of injury/illness. It includes the total number of calendar 

days that were not able to be worked due to injuries and illness. It does not include days lost for one case where information 

on the number of lost days was not available at the time of reporting. For purposes of calculation this has been counted as 

one day lost.

Training time spent on health 

and safety

Includes Woodside in-house training courses only. Training records for third-party contractors have not been collated by 

Woodside. Does not include health and safety site or office inductions. Does not include Helicopter Underwater Escape 

Training (HUET) or external training courses.

Number of injuries by gender

The figure expressed in the report is the number of recordable injuries only – it does not include first aidcases or illnesses.

Occupational illnesses by gender The figure expressed in the report is the number of recordable illnesses only – it does not include first aid cases or injuries.

Process safety event (PSE) 

(Tier 1 and Tier 2)

An unplanned or uncontrolled loss of primary containment (LOPC) of any material including non-toxic and non-flammable 

materials from a process, or an undesired event or condition. Process safety events are classified as Tier 1 – LOPC of greatest 

consequence or Tier 2 – LOPC of lesser consequence. As defined by American Petroleum Institute (API) recommended 

practice 754.

Absentee

An employee absent from work because of incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related injury or disease. Permitted 

leave absences such as holidays, study, maternity or paternity leave, and compassionate leave are excluded.

Absentee rate

A measure of actual absentee days lost expressed as a percentage of total days scheduled to be worked by the workforce 

for the same period.

People

Total employees

Total number of employees including permanent, fixed term and part-time. Does not include secondees 

or contractors.

Contractors

Non-Woodside employees, working within Woodside to support specific activities.

Total turnover

Permanent and fixed term employees who left Woodside voluntarily or involuntarily.

Voluntary turnover

Permanent and fixed term employees who left Woodside voluntarily for reasons not initiated by the company.

Social investment

Social investment data has been verified by the London Benchmarking Group (LBG) methodology. The LBG verified data includes 

donations, community investment and commercial initiatives. For more information, visit lbg-australia.com.


 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainability performance  63

Glossary

APPEA

Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association Ltd

ASX

Australian Securities Exchange

ATO

Australian Taxation Office

Board

Woodside’s governing body – the Board of Directors

Code

Woodside’s Code of Conduct

Condensate

Hydrocarbons that are gaseous in a reservoir but that condense to form liquids as they rise to the surface

Downstream 

Industry term for operations relating to refining crude oil into petroleum products, as well as marketing crude oil and products derived from 

petroleum

Flaring

The controlled burning of gas found in oil and gas reservoirs

FLNG

Floating liquefied natural gas

FPSO

Floating production storage and offloading vessel

Free cash flow

Cash flow from operating activities less cash flow from investing activities

Greenfield

The development of exploration outside the area of influence of existing operations/infrastructure

Greenhouse gases

Gases that trap heat in the atmosphere, including carbon dioxide, hydrofluorocarbons, methane, nitrous oxides, ozone, perfluorocarbons, 

vapour and water

GRI

The Global Reporting Initiative is a network-based organisation that promotes sustainability reporting worldwide. The GRI reporting framework 

sets out principles and indicators that organisations can use to measure and report their economic, environmental and social performance. 

HSE

Health, safety and environment

IOGP

International Association of Oil and Gas Producers

IPIECA

International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association. The global oil and gas industry association for environmental and 

social issues

LBG

London Benchmarking Group

LNG

Liquefied natural gas

LPG

Liquefied petroleum gas

LTIF

Lost time injury frequency

NPAT

Net profit after tax

NWS

North West Shelf

PBT

Profit before tax

PSE

Process safety event

RAP

Woodside’s Reconciliation Action Plan

Renewable energy 

Any form of energy from biological, geophysical or solar sources that replenishes itself by natural processes at a rate that is equal to or greater 

than its rate of use

Sustainability 

Achieving a decent standard of living for everyone today without compromising the needs of future generations. (United Nations, 2013) 

TRIR

Total recordable injury rate

Upstream 

Industry term for operations relating to exploring for, developing and producing as well as marketing crude oil and natural gas. This includes 

transporting crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products by pipeline or marine vessel

WMS

Woodside Management System. This is the company’s structured governance framework

Units

A$

Australian dollars

bbl

barrel

bn

billion

boe

barrel of oil equivalent

CFC

chlorofluorocarbon

CO2e

carbon dioxide equivalent

GJ

gigajoules

kt

kilotonne

L

litres

mL

megalitres

MMbbl

million barrels

MMboe

million barrels of oil equivalent

MT

million tonnes

Mtoe

million tonnes of oil equivalent

mtpa

million tonnes per annum

NOx

oxides of nitrogen

SOx

oxides of sulphur

t

tonne

tCO2e

tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent

TJ

terajoules

US$

US dollars

VOCs

volatile organic compounds

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE


64 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016

Independent Reasonable and Limited Assurance Report to the Directors of Woodside

Petroleum Ltd in relation to its 2016 Sustainable Development Report

Assurance conclusions

Based on our limited assurance procedures, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the subject matter in

Woodside’s 2016 Sustainable Development Report is not presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the criteria detailed below.

In our opinion, the subject matter for our reasonable assurance procedures, the six material aspects in Woodside’s 2016 Sustainable

Development Report, is presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Ernst &amp; Young Services Pty Limited

11 Mounts Bay Road Perth WA 6000,

Australia

GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843

 

Tel: +61 8 9429 2222

Fax: +61 8 9429 2436

ey.com/au

Scope

We have performed an assurance

engagement in relation to the subject matter

contained in Woodside Petroleum Limited’s

(‘Woodside’) 2016 Sustainable Development

Report (‘the Report’) in accordance with the

criteria as identified below for the year ended

31 December 2016.

Subject matter

The subject matter for our limited assurance

includes:

•

The full content of the Report for the

activities of the Woodside group of

companies

•

The Global Reporting Initiative’s G4

disclosures ‘in accordance’ level to

achieve ‘core’

The subject matter for our reasonable

assurance includes the published information

in the Report specifically relating to the

following six material aspects, as determined

by Woodside’s materiality assessment and

communicated to us:

•

Transparency, anti-bribery and corruption

•

Regulatory compliance

•

Climate change

•

Major incident prevention

•

Major incident response

•

Health and safety performance

Criteria

The criteria applied to the Report and the

disclosures and performance metrics

described above are:

•

the Principles for Defining Report Content

(materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness,

sustainability context, and completeness)

and the GRI Principles for Ensuring Report

Quality (balance, comparability, accuracy,

timeliness, clarity and reliability), as set out

in the Global Reporting Initiative’s (‘GRI’)

G4 Reporting Guidelines

•

Woodside's own criteria for the reporting of

non-financial performance metrics, as

detailed within the Report

Management responsibility

The management of Woodside

(‘Management’) is responsible for the

collection, preparation and presentation of the

subject matter in accordance with the criteria

and for maintaining adequate records and

internal controls that are designed to support

the sustainability reporting process.

Assurance Practitioner’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express a limited and

reasonable assurance conclusion as to

whether the subject matter related to each

level of assurance is presented in accordance

with the criteria. Our assurance engagement

has been planned and performed in

accordance with the Australian Standard on

Assurance Engagements 3000 (revised)

Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits

or Reviews of Historical Financial Information

(‘ASAE 3000’).

Level of Assurance

A limited assurance engagement consists of

making enquiries and applying analytical,

controls testing, and other evidence-gathering

procedures that are sufficient for us to obtain a

meaningful level of assurance as the basis for

a negative form of conclusion.  The

procedures performed in a limited assurance

engagement are less in extent than for a

reasonable assurance engagement.

A reasonable assurance engagement consists

of making enquiries and applying analytical,

substantive and other reasonable assurance

procedures.  We believe that the evidence we

have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to

provide a basis for our conclusion.

Our approach

Our assurance procedures performed

included, but were not limited to:

•

Assessing Woodside’s process for

determining material aspects;

•

Determining whether material topics and

performance issues identified during our

procedures had been adequately

disclosed;

•

Interviewing selected corporate and site

personnel to understand the processes for

the collection and accurate reporting of

performance information;

•

Assessing the organisation’s

responsiveness and awareness of material

aspects, through reviewing Woodside’s

policies, processes and targets, and

communication of responses to

stakeholders;

•

Where relevant, gaining an understanding

of systems and processes for data

aggregation and reporting;

•

Performing tests of details and substantive

testing for material qualitative and

quantitative information;

•

Reviewing evidence to support key

assumptions in calculations and other

data;

•

Checking the accuracy of calculations

performed;

•

Reviewing selected management

information and documentation supporting

assertions made in the subject matter;

•

Comparing year-on-year and month-on-

month data;

•

Checking that data and statements had

been correctly transcribed from corporate

systems and/or supporting evidence into

the Report; and

•

Reviewing the presentation of claims and

data against the relevant GRI principles

contained in the criteria.

Limitations

There are inherent limitations in performing

assurance due to the selective testing of the

information being examined. Therefore it is

possible that fraud, error, or non-compliance

may occur and not be detected.  There are

additional inherent risks associated with

assurance over non-financial information, due

to its nature and the methods used for

determining, calculating, and estimating such

information. Finally, adherence to GRI

principles is subjective and will be interpreted

differently by different stakeholder groups.

Our assurance was limited to the 2016

Sustainable Development Report only and did

not include financial data or forward looking

statements of Management.

Whilst our assurance procedures included

reviewing information contained on

Woodside’s website at the date of this

assurance report, our opinion does not extend

to statements, data or information presented

therein.

Use of Report

This assurance statement is for the directors

and management of Woodside only and in

accordance with the terms for this

engagement as agreed with them.  We do not

therefore accept or assume any responsibility

for any other purpose or to any other person

or organisation.  Any reliance any such third

party may place on the Report is entirely at its

own risk. No statement is made as to whether

the criteria are appropriate for any third party

purpose.

Dr Matthew Bell

Ernst &amp; Young

Partner

Perth Australia

16 March 2017





EY assurance statement



66 Woodside Petroleum Ltd  | Sustainable Development Report 2016



Sustainable Development Report 2016

Head Office: 

Woodside Petroleum Ltd 

240 St Georges Terrace 

Perth WA 6000

Postal address: 

GPO Box D188 

Perth WA 6840  

Australia

T: +61 8 9348 4000 

F: +61 8 9214 2777 

E: companyinfo@woodside.com.au

Woodside Petroleum Ltd

ABN: 55 004 898 962

woodside.com.au

