
WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ZICO: Unde the Sponsor Statement, 

please 

amend 

the 

word 

“announcement” to “sustainability 

report”.  




WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

1. MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

It gives us great pleasure to present World Class Global Limited’s (the “Company”) sustainability report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017"), which highlights the progress and achievements of our 

organisation for the 12-month period from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017, with particular focus on our 

commitment to engaging stakeholders in our sustainability goals and practices. 

We believe that building long-term business value and delivering sustainable results are critical to remain a 

strong and financially stable company. Acknowledging this helps to put into focus our commitment to principles 

laid out in our Corporate Sustainability Policy, which serves to ensure that sustainable practices are embedded 

into every link of our value chain. We endeavour to meet the needs of not only our customers, employees and 

the community we operate in, but also those of our environment and future generations.  

2. ABOUT THE REPORT 

This sustainability report focuses on the Company’s sustainability strategies and practices whilst highlighting the 

environmental, social and governance aspects of our activities and developments. This sustainability report aims 

to provide an overview of our approach, priorities and targets, as well as a performance review for our key 

sustainability areas.  

2.1 Report Scope 

This sustainability report covers the performance of our consolidated entities for FY2017. The contents of this 

sustainability report focus on the sustainability performance, activities and initiatives that are under our direct 

control in Singapore, Australia and Malaysia. 

2.2 Report Methodology 

We have prepared our sustainability report based on the requirements of the ‘in accordance core’ level of the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. We have chosen the GRI 

Standards as reporting guidelines for its robust guidance which offers an international reference for the 

disclosure of governance approach and of the environmental, social and economic performance and impacts of 

organizations. This sustainability report also takes into consideration the primary components of report content 

as set out in Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section 

B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) on a “comply or explain” basis as well as Practice Note 7F of the Catalist 

Rules on “Sustainability Reporting Guide”. Our data are reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge.  

We did not seek external assurance for this sustainability report. 

2.3 Report Structure 

This sustainability report is structured to reflect the interests of our key stakeholders. We have identified four 

key stakeholder groups, namely, the future generations, employees, customers and communities. For each 

stakeholder group, we lay out our management approaches that govern how our material issues are identified 

as well as how the issues are prioritized and managed. Further, we will present our initiatives relating to 

sustainability in the areas of environmental, social and economic issues relevant to our topics and boundaries. 

Finally, we will provide the information of our key performance indicators, performance targets and outcomes. 

The information regarding the basis for report boundaries and our materiality assessment is provided in section 

4 of this sustainability report. 

Altogether, this sustainability report provides the basis for our responses and disclosures to the GRI Standards 

’in accordance core’ requirements. Relevant sections in this sustainability report are referenced in the GRI 

Content Index as provided in section 7 of this sustainability report. 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

2. ABOUT THE REPORT (cont’d) 

2.4 Report Contact and Feedback 

Thank you for your interest in our sustainability report for FY2017. We welcome and value your feedback on the 

content of this sustainability report and encourage you to contact us through the following channels:  

❖ In writing to:  

Operation Department 

World Class Global Limited 

55 Ubi Avenue 1 

#05-16 Ubi 55 

Singapore 408935 

 

❖ Via our contact page at http://wcg.com.sg/contact-us/   

This sustainability report is provided in PDF format only and is available for download on the following page of 

our website at http://wcg.com.sg/investor-relations/  or the website of the SGX-ST at http://www.sgx.com  

3. CORPORATE PROFILE 

3.1 Mission and Values 

Our vision is to be a leading real estate developer in Asia recognised for innovation and strong brands. 

Our mission is to deliver quality real estate projects through our leadership in: 

- 

Learning and innovation; 

- 

Brand building; and 

- 

Value added partnership with customers, business partners and employees. 

Our employees operate according to a set of core values that guide all aspects of our business. We recognise 

that cooperation, communication and trust are essential for us to collaborate to compete, and that care and 

concern through respect, patience, empathy and consideration are essential, both between each other and 

among the communities in which we operate. 

3.2 Governance 

Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to our 

business. For corporate sustainability, the Board is supported by the Corporate Sustainability Committee (“CSC”) 

which is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and includes designated senior executives. The CSC 

provides leadership and approval over corporate sustainability matters such as Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”) plans, community investments and environmental initiatives. Supported by the CSC, our Corporate 

Sustainability Champion (the “Champion”) is our Subject Matter Expert (“SME”) in the area of corporate 

sustainability, and pro-actively raises awareness through education and training across the organization. 

Through the Corporate Sustainability Work Group (“CSWG”), our Champion engages businesses and functions 

collectively in executing CSR plans, identifying and managing the Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

Factors as well as engaging sustainability stakeholders. Businesses and functions provide back-to-back assurance 

over the quality of information for sustainability reporting. 

 

 

 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

3. CORPORATE PROFILE (cont’d) 

3.2 Governance (cont’d) 

 

3.3 Ethics and Compliance 

Being a company listed on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST, we are managed to the standards of corporate 

governance as required in the listing rules. We strictly conform to local and international best practices. Our 

corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through code of conduct stated in our 

Employees’ Handbook. Communication channels are in place to enable all employees and individuals engaged 

in business activities to report complaints of unethical behaviour. We have a designated officer who maintains 

a register of incidences regarding ethics and compliance issues and escalates to the management where 

appropriate. 

4. INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS 

We believe corporate social responsibility is a driver towards long-term sustainability. Embedding such 

responsibility into our management processes across the value chain allows us to establish credibility among 

our stakeholders. Through our action today, we play a part in influencing the environment for our future 

generations. Through integrating the notion of sustainability in our business, we ensure that our business 

strategy and operations are in line with a long-term vision towards a conducive and sustainability future. 

4.1 Sustainability Management Framework 

In July 2017, we took the initiative to establish our sustainability reporting framework. We performed an analysis 

on our business and operation models as the basis for our stakeholder mapping and materiality assessment. 

Through our analysis, we identified four key stakeholder groups within our sustainability context and their 

respective material issues are to be shown in this report. 

4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues 

We have a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to the ESG topics. Key to this is a regular 

risk assessment exercise which entails the identification, assessment and documentation of material risks and 

corresponding internal controls. Such material risks include fraud and corruption, environmental, health and 

safety, and human capital risks which are ESG-relevant. We will continuously improve the adequacy and 

effectiveness of our risk assessment process in response to changing business and operation environment. 




WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

4. INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS (cont’d) 

4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues (cont’d) 

Through regular stakeholder engagement, we identify and review material issues that are most relevant and 

significant to us and our stakeholders. For external stakeholders, consideration is given to issues important to 

the society and those applicable to us. Then, we prioritize our sustainability efforts and report issues that are 

most material to our business and stakeholders. Considering that specific stakeholders and material issues are 

specific to countries and locations, we are reporting the stakeholder engagement and material issues for our 

operations in this report as set out below. 

Stakeholders 

Material Issues 

Significance 

Future Generation 

❖ Paper recycling  

❖ Environmental education of 

our employees and customers 

❖ Energy consumption 

❖ Compliance with best practices 

and 

standards 

on 

Green 

initiative. 

Our 

sustainability 

agenda 

for 

the 

environment and future generation is 

embedded into the day-to-day business 

activities among our staff. We continue to 

create awareness on environmental issues 

such as global warming, conserving and 

recycling resources and how we could all 

contribute 

to 

the 

big 

picture 

of 

sustainability. 

Employee 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

❖ Employee well-being through 

workplace health and safety 

❖ Regular training of employees 

on critical skillsets to sustain 

competitiveness 

❖ Competitive 

and 

fair 

compensation scheme to retain 

talents 

A safe, fair, ethical and professional working 

environment is crucial to motivate and 

empower our employees to meet their full 

potential 

both 

professionally 

and 

personally. 

Customer 

❖ Customer data privacy 

 

The quality of our services and products to 

our customers are the core focus of our 

commitments. 

Through 

our 

quality 

commitments to our customer, we will, in 

turn, be contributing to their own successful 

sustainable development. 

Community 

❖ Impact on communities and 

local economies, and future 

generation education 

❖ Economic value generated and 

distributed to local community 

In our vision in moving our business to high-

value-added business areas, abilities to 

identify and attract people with knowledge 

and talent are crucial to sustainability of our 

businesses. Within a broad range of our 

community engagements, we focus on the 

education of today’s youth and providing 

financial and practical support to targeted 

local and communities, through donation 

and sponsorship. 

Common to All 

Stakeholder Groups 

❖ Compliance 

with 

prevailing 

laws and regulations 

❖ Good corporate governance &amp; 

ethics, transparency and non-

financial reporting 

❖ Ethical business practices such 

as anti-corruption 

❖ Grievance mechanisms 

Legal compliance and ethical practices are 

the core foundation of our business. Our 

culture is established and sustained through 

strong corporate governance, transparent 

reporting and open communications with all 

our stakeholder groups. 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

We believe that good CSR practice goes hand-in-hand with good corporate management practice. We also 

recognise that it is vital that our management approaches are adaptable to the dynamics of business and 

operation environment in such a way that we can continuously assess our impacts, develop sustainability 

objectives and respond in a proper manner to meet our stakeholders’ expectations. Our CSR framework is based 

on our approach to sustainability and includes policies and measurement mechanisms to monitor the impacts 

made by our businesses and operations. 

Key to the success of our sustainability programme is regular and up-to-date communication about our CSR 

policies and activities to all our stakeholders, and the provision of appropriate feedback mechanisms so that we 

can monitor and evaluate how we are doing and explore new possibilities stimulated by stakeholder responses. 

We see our sustainability reports as being a component of this continuous cycle of communication and 

evaluation. The overall sustainability context of the stakeholder engagements is managed through our CSR plan 

for our sustainability governance oversight. 

Stakeholder 

Management Approach 

Initiatives 

Outcome and Responses 

Future Generation 

Waste recycling, energy 

saving 

Internal awareness and 

education 

Energy efficient lighting, 

digital filing and 

document to reduce 

paper consumption. 

Employee 

Fair employment 

practices and training   

Staff communication 

sessions, staff feedback 

process, staff exit 

interviews 

Training programmes, 

Employee Benefits, Re-

engagement 

Customer 

Data security for 

customer information, 

privacy policy. 

Customer data protection 

awareness and education 

program 

Data privacy 

Community 

Selection of community 

initiatives in alignment 

with organization goals 

CSR Programme 

Increase visibility of 

company’s CSR efforts, 

internship programmes, 

city beautification and 

enhancement efforts  

5.1 Protecting Our Environment for the Future Generations 

We are committed to maintaining and building on the same stringent environmental policies and standards as 

our parent company and key regional affiliates. We continually seek new and innovative ways to reduce the 

environmental impact of our products and services while maintaining the highest levels of quality. We recognise 

our responsibility to protect the environment for the health and wellbeing of future generations.  

5.1.1 Reduction of Carbon Footprint 

We recognise that the effective management and monitoring of carbon footprint can reduce operating costs, 

raise brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase stakeholder value. Our carbon footprint is measured 

in terms of Greenhouse Gas (“GHG") emission. However, GHG emission is an absolute measure of how much 

carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) is emitted. Our GHG emission is predominantly indirect (Scope 2) emission. 

We have insignificant direct (Scope 1) emission, and we do not include the GHG emissions generated by our 

suppliers (Scope 3). 

Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we have established our GHG emission 

efficiency index for consistent tracking of carbon footprint over time. To this end, we have set a target for GHG 

emission efficiency improvement of 6% from our 2017 level by 2030. Although various business lines and 

operations account for different percentage of GHG emissions across the organization, they all support this 

target and have aligned our environmental objectives accordingly.  


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (cont’d) 

5.1.1 Reduction of Carbon Footprint (cont’d) 

FY2017 is our first year of sustainability reporting. Our indicator for measuring performance of carbon footprint 

is defined in section 6.1 below. The performance is measured against the size of our operation activities for 

which we use our office space as our proxy.  

5.1.2 Reduction of Paper Consumption 

All our employees are urged to minimize paper wastage at work by adhering to our paperless initiative. We 

encourage all employees to adopt digital documents instead of paper documents with an aim to further reduce 

paper consumption. 

Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we established our paper consumption index 

for consistent tracking of paper consumption over time. To this end, we have set a target for a paper 

consumption improvement of 10% from our 2017 level by 2030. Our target for paper consumption improvement 

is around 1% per year. Although various business lines and operations account for different percentage of paper 

consumption across the organization, they all support this target and have aligned our environmental objectives 

accordingly.  

FY2017 is our first year of sustainability reporting. Our indicator for measuring performance of paper 

consumption is defined in section 6.2 below. The performance is measured against the size of our operation 

activities for which we use the number of our employees as our proxy.  

5.2 Caring for Our Employees 

Our people are our most valuable resource and investing in their professional and development is vital to our 

business sustainability. Our goal is to establish work ethics among our employees, which are in line with our core 

values and code of conduct. They are the foundation upon which we build all our business initiatives and conduct 

our day-to-day activities.   

Our Human Resource management principles and policies have been developed and established based on fair 

employment practices with the goal of attracting, developing and retaining a motivated workforce.  

5.2.1 Employment Practices 

Our employment practices focus on maximizing the strength of our employees by providing equal opportunities 

based on merits and help our employees to develop strength through our comprehensive training and 

development programme.  

5.2.2 Employee Training 

We recognise that consistent and ongoing education is critical to maintaining a competitive, skilled, productive 

and motivated workforce. Our indicator for measuring performance of employee training is defined in section 

6.3 below. The performance is measured against the average number of training hours for which we use the 

number of our employees as our proxy.  

5.3 Focusing on Our Customers’ Needs 

Customer service, quality and the highest level of safety in our property development and delivery have always 

been our priorities, with customer satisfaction being the goal of all our business activities. Customer trust and 

retention start with our people and products; we place the utmost importance on training of our employees and 

selection of our vendors who represent us in customer service excellence and in continuously striving to improve 

the quality and safety of our property development and delivery.  

 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (cont’d) 

5.3 Focusing on Our Customers’ Needs (cont’d) 

Open and frequent communication and responsive feedback are ingrained into our daily activities with customer 

interaction. In addition to striving for excellence in property development and delivery, we attach enormous 

importance to data privacy.  

5.3.1 Data Privacy  

Ensuring privacy of our customers’ data is of great priority to us. We have processes and controls in place for 

handling and communicating sensitive and confidential information of our customers such as contracts. Our 

information security policies ensure our customers’ data are managed in accordance to the level of 

confidentiality. We strictly observe all local laws and internal regulations applicable to personal information 

protection. 

For the collection and disposal of wastepaper, we engage an external party, who is accredited for handling and 

recycling confidential information. The disposal services of this supplier comply with the Singapore Personal 

Data Protection Act and provide us with the confidence that sensitive information is protected during the whole 

life cycle of our documents. 

5.4 Supporting for Our Community  

Our community initiatives are selected according to how closely they are aligned with our own community 

engagement goals of “enabling and empowering young people”, the anticipated staff participation rate, and the 

tangible impact on the beneficiary. Separately, we also engage on other community initiatives on an ad hoc 

basis.  

5.4.1 Our Community Initiatives Highlight 

In FY2017, we participated in the “Build a Talent Pipeline All Year Round” internship programme under Singapore 

Management University. This programme provides the opportunity to the interns in enhancing the skills of their 

academy and their future career development.     

We provide guidance to the interns in analyzing the current IT capabilities, business process between the various 

corporate and business units, as well as to design, source, recommend and implement IT solutions and business 

processes that promote the Company's overall efficiency and productivity to reduce operational costs. 

6. PERFORMANCE TABLE 

6.1 Energy Usage and CO2 Emissions  

Direct and indirect CO2 emissions as measure in GHG emissions are measured in tonnes (t-CO2) and kilowatt 

Hours (kWh), from electricity consumed. The electricity we purchase is from non-renewable sources. 

As our business and function grow over time; the GHG emissions and electricity consumption vary. To ensure 

consistency and comparability of the GHG emission and electricity consumption measures over time, we create 

a GHG emission index and electricity consumption index for our performance monitoring. The index adjusts the 

GHG emissions and electricity consumption for the size of our operation. We normalize the amount GHG 

emissions and electricity consumption by our office space which we use as a proxy of the size of our operation. 

The GHG emission index is measured in t-CO2 per square meter (m2) and the electricity consumption index is 

measured in kWh per square meter (m2). 

 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

6. PERFORMANCE TABLE (cont’d) 

6.1 Energy Usage and CO2 Emissions (cont’d) 

 

Performance 

Target 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Electricity Consumption Index (kWh / m2) 

219 

- 

 

FY2017 

Performance 

As FY2017 is our first year of reporting the performance, the Company does not have sufficient 

performance data to form a trend for the purpose of setting a target for the next year. For 

performance tracking purpose, we will use FY2017 data as our base for our performance tracking 

towards our 2030 goal. 

 

As of FY2017, the electricity consumption stands at 219 kWh/m2. In subsequent year, we will track 

our performance in reference to this base year. 

6.2 Paper Consumption  

We capture the data for paper consumption by how many reams of paper used where one ream is equivalent 

to 500 sheets of paper. To ensure consistency and comparability across various paper sizes, such as A3 and A4 

papers, we measure the paper consumption by the weight of paper used which is adjusted for the various sizes 

and quality of papers. 

Our business and function grow over time and the paper consumption patterns vary. We devise a paper 

consumption index for our performance monitoring. The index adjusts the paper consumption for the size of 

our activities. We normalize the amount of weights of paper consumed by the number of our employees which 

we use as a proxy of the size of our activities. The paper consumption index is measured in kilograms per number 

of employee. 

 

Performance 

Target 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Paper Consumption Index (kg / # employees) 

24 

- 

 

FY2017 

Performance 

As FY2017 is our first year of reporting the performance, the Company does not have sufficient 

performance data to form a trend for the purpose of setting a target for the next year. For 

performance tracking purpose, we will use FY2017 data as our base for our performance tracking 

towards our 2030 goal. 

 

As of FY2017, the paper consumption index stands at 24. In subsequent year, we will track our 

performance in reference to this base year. 

 

6.3 Employees Training 

 

Performance 

                     Target 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

7 

- 

 

FY2017 

Performance 

As FY2017 is our first year of reporting the performance, the Company does not have sufficient 

performance data to form a trend for the purpose of setting a target for the next year. For 

performance tracking purpose, we will use FY2017 data as our base for our performance tracking 

towards our 2030 goal. 

 

As of FY2017, the average training hours stands at 7. In subsequent year, we will track our 

performance in reference to this base year. 

 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

7. GRI CONTENT INDEX 

This sustainability report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards Core option. We did not seek external 

assurance for this sustainability report. 

N.B.: AR = Annual Report, SR = Sustainability Report (i.e. this sustainability report) 

GRI Reference 

Disclosure 

Response 

General Standard Disclosure 

Organization 

Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

SR Section 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

AR “About Us” and Pages 2-5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

AR Page 50 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR Page 50 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR Pages 50, 68-70, 95 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR “About Us” and Pages 2-5 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

AR Pages 45-46 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain 

No significant changes  

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

SR Sections 3.2, 3.3, 4, 4.1, 5, 

5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR Section 1  

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

AR Pages 13-33 (Corporate 

Governance Report), SR Section 

3.1, 3.3 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR Pages 13-33 (Corporate 

Governance Report) 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Sections 5, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Section 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Section 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Sections 4.2, 5 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR Pages 68-72 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Sections 4.2 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No Significant Changes 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR Section 2.1 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

SR Sections 1, 2.1  

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

SR Section 2.1 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

SR Section 2.4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

SR Section 2.2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Section 7 

102-56 

External assurance 

SR Section 2.2 

Economic 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

AR Pages 4-5, 45-49 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

GRI Reference 

Disclosure 

Response 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

SR Section 4.2 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from 

government 

Yes 

Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Section 4.2 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

SR Section 3.3 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

No incident has been reported   

Anti-

competitive 

Behaviour 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-competitive 

behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly 

practices 

No legal action 

Environment 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR Section 5.1.1 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

No case has been reported  

Social 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR Sections 5.2.2, 6.3 

Non-

discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

No incident has been reported  

Rights of 

Indigenous 

Peoples 

411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples 

No incident has been reported 

Public Policy 

415-1 

Political contributions 

No contributions 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories 

SR Section 5.3 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

No incident has been reported  

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and 

labelling 

No incident has been reported 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

No incident has been reported  

Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

No incident has been reported  

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area 

No non-compliance  

 

