
WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cover Page 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2019 

WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED 




WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

1 Message from the Board 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

2 About the Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

3 Corporate Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 

4 Integrating Sustainability into our Business 

 

 

 

 

5 

5 Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6  

6 Performance Table  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

9 

7 GRI Content Index  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10  

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by World Class Global Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. ("Sponsor"), in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.   

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the 

contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports 

contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson 

Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

1. MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

2019 marks the third year of sustainability reporting and we are delighted to present World Class Global 

Limited’s (the “Company”) sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019“), 

which is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI“) guidelines. 

The world is facing many challenges and combating climate change is one of the pressing ecological tasks of our 

time. We remain committed to our philosophy as sustainability is an integral part of our strategy and business 

operation. Our goal is to deliver sustainable products and contribute to a sound business climate. In addition, 

we believe in achieving efficiency in order to reduce the environmental impact. We are convinced that our 

approach will deliver long-term success for our business, customers, employees, society as well as other 

stakeholders. 

2. ABOUT THE REPORT 

This sustainability report focuses on the Company’s sustainability strategies and practices whilst highlighting the 

environmental, social and governance aspects of our activities and developments. This sustainability report aims 

to provide an overview of our approach, priorities and targets, as well as a performance review for our key 

sustainability efforts.  

2.1 Report Scope 

This sustainability report covers the performance of our consolidated entities for FY2019. The contents of this 

sustainability report focus on the sustainability performance, activities and initiatives that are under our direct 

control in Singapore, Australia and Malaysia. 

2.2 Report Methodology 

We have prepared our sustainability report based on the requirements of the ‘in accordance core’ level of the 

GRI Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. We have chosen the GRI Standards as reporting guidelines 

for its robust guidance which offers an international reference for the disclosure of governance approach and of 

the environmental, social and economic performance and impacts of organizations. This sustainability report 

also takes into consideration the primary components of report content as set out in Rule 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) on 

a “comply or explain” basis as well as Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules on “Sustainability Reporting Guide”. 

Our data are reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge.  

We did not seek external assurance for this sustainability report. 

2.3 Report Structure 

This sustainability report is structured to reflect the interests of our key stakeholders. We have identified three 

key stakeholder groups, namely, the future generations, employees and customers. For each stakeholder group, 

we lay out our management approaches that govern how our material issues are identified as well as how the 

issues are prioritized and managed. Further, we will present our initiatives relating to sustainability in the areas 

of environmental, social and economic issues relevant to our topics and boundaries. Finally, we will provide the 

information of our key performance indicators, performance targets and outcomes. 

The information regarding the basis for report boundaries and our materiality assessment is provided in section 

4 of this sustainability report. 

Altogether, this sustainability report provides the basis for our responses and disclosures to the GRI Standards 

’in accordance core’ requirements. Relevant sections in this sustainability report are referenced in the GRI 

Content Index as provided in section 7 of this sustainability report. 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

2. ABOUT THE REPORT (cont’d) 

2.4 Report Contact and Feedback 

Thank you for your interest in our sustainability report for FY2019. We welcome and value your feedback on the 

content of this sustainability report and encourage you to contact us through the following channels:  

❖ In writing to:  

Operation Department 

World Class Global Limited 

55 Ubi Avenue 3 

#05-01 Aspial One Building  

Singapore 408864 

 

❖ Via our contact page at http://wcg.com.sg/contact-us/   

This sustainability report is provided in PDF format only and is available for download on the following page of 

our website at http://wcg.com.sg/investor-relations/ or the website of the SGX-ST at http://www.sgx.com.  

3. CORPORATE PROFILE 

3.1 Mission and Values 

Our vision is to be a leading real estate developer in Asia Pacific recognised for innovation and strong brands. 

Our mission is to deliver quality real estate projects through our leadership in: 

- 

Learning and innovation; 

- 

Brand building; and 

- 

Value added partnership with customers, business partners and employees. 

Our employees operate according to a set of core values that guide all aspects of our business. We recognise 

that cooperation, communication and trust are essential for us to collaborate to compete, and that care and 

concern through respect, patience, empathy and consideration are essential, both between each other and 

among the communities in which we operate. 

3.2 Governance 

Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to our 

business. For corporate sustainability, the Board is supported by the Corporate Sustainability Committee (“CSC”) 

which is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and includes designated senior executives of the Group. 

The CSC provides leadership and approval over corporate sustainability matters such as Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) plans, community engagement and environmental initiatives. Supported by the CSC, our 

Corporate Sustainability Champion (the “Champion”) is our Subject Matter Expert (“SME”) in the area of 

corporate sustainability, and pro-actively raises awareness through education and training across the 

organization. Through the Corporate Sustainability Workgroup (“CSWG”), our Champion engages businesses 

and functions collectively in executing CSR plans, identifying and managing the Environment, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) factors as well as engaging sustainability stakeholders. Businesses and functions provide 

back-to-back assurance over the quality of information for sustainability reporting. 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

3. CORPORATE PROFILE (cont’d) 

3.2 Governance (cont’d) 

 

3.3 Ethics and Compliance 

Being a company listed on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST, we are guided by the standards of corporate 

governance as required in the listing rules. We strictly conform to local and international best practices. Our 

corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through code of conduct stated in our 

Employees’ Handbook. Communication channels are in place to enable all employees and individuals engaged 

in business activities to report complaints of unethical behaviour. We have a designated officer who maintains 

a register of incidences regarding ethics and compliance issues and escalates to the management where 

appropriate. 

4. INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS 

We believe corporate social responsibility is a driver towards long-term sustainability. Embedding such 

responsibility into our management processes across the value chain allows us to establish credibility among 

our stakeholders. Through our action today, we play a part in influencing the environment for our future 

generations. Through integrating the notion of sustainability in our business, we ensure that our business 

strategy and operations are in line with a long-term vision towards a conducive and sustainability future. 

4.1 Sustainability Management Framework 

In July 2017, we took the initiative to establish our sustainability reporting framework. We performed an analysis 

on our business and operation models as the basis for our stakeholder mapping and materiality assessment. 

Through our analysis, we identified three key stakeholder groups within our sustainability context and their 

respective material issues are to be shown in this report. 

4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues 

We have a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to the ESG topics. Key to this is a regular 

risk assessment exercise which entails the identification, assessment and documentation of material risks and 

corresponding internal controls. Such material risks include fraud and corruption, environmental, health and 

safety, and human capital risks which are ESG-relevant. We will continuously improve the adequacy and 

effectiveness of our risk assessment process in response to changing business and operation environment. 




WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

4. INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS (cont’d) 

4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues (cont’d) 

Through regular stakeholder engagement, we identify and review material issues that are most relevant and 

significant to us and our stakeholders. For external stakeholders, consideration is given to issues important to 

the society and those applicable to us. Then, we prioritize our sustainability efforts and report issues that are 

most material to our business and stakeholders. Considering that specific stakeholders and material issues are 

specific to countries and locations, we are reporting the stakeholder engagement and material issues for our 

operations in this report as set out below. 

Stakeholder 

Material Issues 

Significance 

Future Generation 

❖ Paper recycling  

❖ Environmental education of 

our employees and customers 

❖ Energy consumption 

❖ Compliance with best practices 

and 

standards 

on 

Green 

initiative 

Our 

sustainability 

agenda 

for 

the 

environment and future generation is 

embedded into the day-to-day business 

activities among our staff. We continue to 

create awareness on environmental issues 

such as global warming, conserving and 

recycling resources and how we could all 

contribute 

to 

the 

big 

picture 

of 

sustainability. 

Employee 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

❖ Employee well-being through 

workplace health and safety 

❖ Regular training of employees 

on critical skillsets to sustain 

competitiveness 

❖ Competitive 

and 

fair 

compensation scheme to retain 

talents 

A safe, fair, ethical and professional working 

environment is crucial to motivate and 

empower our employees to meet their full 

potential 

both 

professionally 

and 

personally. 

Customer 

❖ Customer data privacy 

 

Protecting data privacy is essential to the 

customers’ trust in our organization. An 

organization depends upon the trust of its 

existing and prospective clients. When this 

trust is lost, it can have a damaging impact 

on an organization. 

Common to All 

Stakeholder Groups 

❖ Compliance 

with 

prevailing 

laws and regulations 

❖ Good corporate governance as 

well as ethics, transparency 

and non-financial reporting 

❖ Ethical business practices such 

as anti-corruption 

❖ Grievance mechanisms 

Legal compliance and ethical practices are 

the core foundation of our business. Our 

culture is established and sustained through 

strong corporate governance, transparent 

reporting and open communications with all 

our stakeholder groups. 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

We believe that good CSR practice goes hand-in-hand with good corporate management practice. We also 

recognise that it is vital that our management approaches are adaptable to the dynamics of business and 

operation environment in such a way that we can continuously assess our impacts, develop sustainability 

objectives and respond in a proper manner to meet our stakeholders’ expectations. Our CSR framework is based 

on our approach to sustainability and includes policies and measurement mechanisms to monitor the impacts 

made by our businesses and operations. 

Key to the success of our sustainability programme is regular and up-to-date communication about our CSR 

policies and activities to all our stakeholders, and the provision of appropriate feedback mechanisms so that we 

can monitor and evaluate how we are doing and explore new possibilities stimulated by stakeholder responses.  


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (cont’d) 

We see our sustainability reports as being a component of this continuous cycle of communication and 

evaluation. The overall sustainability context of the stakeholder engagements is managed through our CSR plan 

for our sustainability governance oversight. 

Stakeholder 

Management Approach 

Initiatives 

Outcome 

and 

Responses 

Future Generation 

Waste recycling, energy 

saving 

Internal awareness and 

education 

Energy efficient lighting, 

digital filing and 

document to reduce 

paper consumption 

Employee 

Fair employment 

practices and training   

Staff communication 

sessions, staff feedback 

process, staff exit 

interviews 

Training programmes, 

employee benefits, re-

engagement 

Customer 

Data security for 

customer information, 

privacy policy 

Customer data protection 

awareness and education 

program 

Data privacy 

5.1 Protecting Our Environment for the Future Generations 

We are committed to maintaining and building on the same stringent environmental policies and standards as 

our parent company and key regional affiliates. We continually seek new and innovative ways to reduce the 

environmental impact of our products and services while maintaining the highest levels of quality. We recognise 

our responsibility to protect the environment for the health and wellbeing of future generations.  

5.1.1 Reduction of Carbon Footprint 

We recognise that the effective management and monitoring of carbon footprint can reduce operating costs, 

raise brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase stakeholder value. Our carbon footprint is measured 

in terms of Greenhouse Gas (“GHG") emission. However, GHG emission is an absolute measure of how much 

carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) is emitted. Our GHG emission is predominantly indirect (Scope 2) emission. 

We have insignificant direct (Scope 1) emission, and we do not include the GHG emissions generated by our 

suppliers (Scope 3). 

Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we have established our GHG emission 

efficiency index for consistent tracking of carbon footprint over time. To this end, we have set a target for GHG 

emission efficiency improvement of 10% from our 2017 level by 2030. 2017 was our first year of sustainability 

reporting, which was also our first year of reporting performance. Although various business lines and operations 

account for different percentage of GHG emissions across the organization, they all support this target and have 

aligned our environmental objectives accordingly.  

Our indicator for measuring performance of carbon footprint is defined in section 6.1 below. The performance 

is measured against the size of our operation activities for which we use our office space as our proxy.  

5.1.2 Reduction of Paper Consumption 

All our employees are urged to minimize paper wastage at work by adhering to our paperless initiative. We 

encourage all employees to adopt digital documents instead of paper documents with an aim to further reduce 

paper consumption. 

Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we established our paper consumption index 

for consistent tracking of paper consumption over time. To this end, we have set a target for a paper 

consumption improvement of 20% from our 2017 level by 2030. Although various business lines and operations 

account for different percentage of paper consumption across the organization, they all support this target and 

have aligned our environmental objectives accordingly.  

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

5. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (cont’d) 

5.1.2 Reduction of Paper Consumption (cont’d) 

Our indicator for measuring performance of paper consumption is defined in section 6.2 below. The 

performance is measured against the size of our operation activities for which we use the number of our 

employees as our proxy.  

5.2 Caring for Our Employees 

Our people are our most valuable resource and investing in their professional and development is vital to our 

business sustainability. Our goal is to establish work ethics among our employees, which are in line with our core 

values and code of conduct. They are the foundation upon which we build all our business initiatives and conduct 

our day-to-day activities.   

Our Human Resource management principles and policies have been developed and established based on fair 

employment practices with the goal of attracting, developing and retaining a motivated workforce.  

5.2.1 Employment Practices 

Our employment practices focus on maximizing the strength of our employees by providing equal opportunities 

based on merits and help our employees to develop strength through our comprehensive training and 

development programme.  

5.2.2 Employee Training 

We recognise that consistent and ongoing education is critical to maintaining a competitive, skilled, productive 

and motivated workforce. Our indicator for measuring performance of employee training is defined in section 

6.3 below. The performance is measured against the average number of training hours for which we use the 

number of our employees as our proxy.  

5.3 Focusing on Our Customers’ Needs 

Customer service, quality and the highest level of safety in our property development and delivery have always 

been our priorities, with customer satisfaction being the goal of all our business activities. Customer trust and 

retention start with our people and products; we place the utmost importance on training of our employees and 

selection of our vendors who represent us in customer service excellence and in continuously striving to improve 

the quality and safety of our property development and delivery. Open and frequent communication and 

responsive feedback are ingrained into our daily activities with customer interaction.  

5.3.1 Data Privacy  

In addition to striving for excellence in property development and delivery, we attach enormous importance to 

data privacy. 

Ensuring privacy of our customers’ data is of great priority to us. We have processes and controls in place for 

handling and communicating sensitive and confidential information of our customers such as contracts. Our 

information security policies ensure our customers’ data are managed in accordance to the level of 

confidentiality. We strictly observe all local laws and internal regulations applicable to personal information 

protection. 

For the collection and disposal of confidential documents, we engage an external party, who is accredited for 

handling and recycling confidential information. The disposal services of this supplier comply with the Singapore 

Personal Data Protection Act and provide us with the confidence that sensitive information is protected during 

the whole life cycle of our documents. 

 

 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

6. PERFORMANCE TABLE 

6.1 Energy Usage and CO2 Emissions  

Direct and indirect CO2 emissions (as measures of GHG emissions) are measured in kilowatt hours (kWh) from 

electricity consumed. The electricity we purchase is from non-renewable sources. 

As our business and function grow over time, the electricity consumption will increase. To ensure consistency 

and comparability of the electricity consumption measures over time, we create an electricity consumption 

index for our performance monitoring. The index adjusts the electricity consumption for the size of our 

operation. We normalize the amount electricity consumption by our office space which we use as a proxy of the 

size of our operation. The electricity consumption index is measured in kWh per square meter (m2). 

 

Performance 

Target 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Electricity Consumption Index (kWh/m2) 

199 

222 

≤222 

 

FY2019 

Performance 

The electricity consumption index stands at 222 kWh/m2 in FY2019 which has seen an increase of 

approximately 12%, as compared to FY2018. As the Company moved to a new office premise in late 

2019, the actual electricity consumption index for FY2019 has been used to benchmark the target 

set for FY2020 for the electricity consumption index at not more than 222 kWh/m2. 

 

6.2 Paper Consumption  

We capture the data for paper consumption by number of reams of paper used where one ream is equivalent 

to 500 sheets of paper. To ensure consistency and comparability across various paper sizes, such as A3 and A4 

papers, we measure the paper consumption by the weight of paper used which is adjusted for the various sizes 

and quality of papers. 

Our business and function grow over time and the paper consumption patterns vary. We devise a paper 

consumption index for our performance monitoring. The index adjusts the paper consumption for the size of 

our activities. We normalize the amount of the weight of paper consumed by the number of our employees 

which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities. The paper consumption index is measured in kilograms per 

employee. 

 

Performance 

Target 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Paper Consumption Index (kg/employee) 

10 

10 

≤10 

 

FY2019 

Performance 

The paper consumption index remains at 10 kg/employee in FY2019. This is attributed to the 

continued successful implementation of our paperless initiatives, which commenced in FY2017. We 

target to maintain the paper consumption index at not more than 10 kg/employee for FY2020. 

 

6.3 Employees Training 

 

Performance 

Target 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

14 

20 

≥14 

 

FY2019 

Performance 

The average training hours per employee stands at 20 in FY2019, which represents an increase of 

43% as compared to FY2018. The average training hours per employee in FY2019 was higher than 

our target of 14 hours per employee, and this reflects our commitment to continually upgrade the 

knowledge and skills of our employees. This is beneficial to both the employees and the Company. It 

also helps the Company to remain competitive in the market.  


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

6. PERFORMANCE TABLE (cont’d) 

6.3 Employees Training (cont’d) 

FY2019 

Performance 

(cont’d) 

In view of the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic since the beginning of FY2020, the actual average 

training hours per employee for FY2018 is used to benchmark the target of average training hours 

per employee at not less than 14 for FY2020, as a measure of prudence in setting a target and 

achieving this target. 

 

7. GRI CONTENT INDEX 

This sustainability report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards Core option. We did not seek external 

assurance for this sustainability report. 

N.B.: AR = Annual Report for FY2019, SR = Sustainability Report for FY2019 (i.e. this sustainability report) 

GRI Reference 

Disclosure 

Response 

General Standard Disclosure 

Organization 

Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

SR Section 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

AR “About Us” and Pages 1 to 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

AR Page 56 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR Page 56 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR Pages 56, 76 to 79, 102 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR “About Us” and Pages 1 to 6 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

AR Pages 51 to 52 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain 

No significant changes  

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

SR Sections 3.2, 3.3, 4, 4.1, 5, 

5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR Section 1  

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

AR Pages 12 to 39 (Corporate 

Governance Report), SR 

Sections 3.1, 3.3 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR Pages 12 to 39 (Corporate 

Governance Report) 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Sections 5, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Section 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Section 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Sections 4.2, 5 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR Pages 76 to 79 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Section 4.2 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR Section 2.1 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

SR Sections 1, 2.1  

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

SR Section 2.1 


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

GRI Reference 

Disclosure 

Response 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

SR Section 2.4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

SR Section 2.2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Section 7 

102-56 

External assurance 

SR Sections 2.2, 7 

Economic 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

AR Pages 4 to 5, 51 to 55 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

SR Section 4.2 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from 

government 

Yes 

Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Section 4.2 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

SR Section 3.3 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

No incident has been reported   

Anti-

competitive 

Behaviour 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-competitive 

behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly 

practices 

No legal action 

Environment 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR Section 5.1.1 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG emissions 

SR Sections 5.1.1, 6.1 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

No case has been reported  

Social 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR Sections 5.2.2, 6.3 

Non-

discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

No incident has been reported  

Rights of 

Indigenous 

Peoples 

411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples 

No incident has been reported 

Public Policy 

415-1 

Political contributions 

No contributions 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories 

SR Section 5.3 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

No incident has been reported  

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and 

labelling 

No incident has been reported 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

No incident has been reported  


WORLD CLASS GLOBAL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

GRI Reference 

Disclosure 

Response 

Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

No incident has been reported  

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area 

No non-compliance  

 

