
 

1 

 

XMH Holdings Ltd.  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 201010562M) 




CONTENT 

 

2 

 

About This Report  

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

Message from the Board  

 

 

 

 

 

4 

Our Business and Values  

 

 

 

 

 

5 

Sustainability Approach  

 

 

 

 

 

7 

- Sustainability Principles and Governance  

 

7 

- Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

8 

- Materiality Assessment Process 

 

 

 

9 

- Key Topics 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Economic 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

- Economic Performance 

 

 

 

 

11 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

- Our People and Talent Management 

 

 

13 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

16 

- Quality of Sales and Services 

 

 

 

16 

- Legal and Compliance 

 

 

 

 

17 

GRI Content Index  

 

 

 

 

 

 

18 


ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

3 

 

 

 

Scope of Report 

 

This is an inaugural stand-alone Sustainability Report (the “Report”) by XMH Holdings 

Ltd. (the “Company” or “XMH”). The scope and boundaries of the Report are 

determined with XMH’s stakeholders in mind. XMH Holdings Ltd. recognises that 

sustainability reporting is critical to our business and long-term value creation. This 

Report describes the policies, performance and targets for key economic, environmental, 

social and governance topics of XMH’s major business operations in Singapore, which 

collectively contributed more than 50% of the group’s revenue for the financial year 

ended 30 April 2018 (“FY2018”). Unless otherwise stated, this Report covers the period 

from 1 May 2017 to 30 April 2018, being the same period covered by our FY2018 

annual report. XMH will continue to publish the Report annually. 

 

Standard of Report 

 

This Report is prepared in alignment to SGX-ST Listing Rules – Sustainability 

Reporting Guide and with reference to Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards 

2016: Core Option and its reporting principles. Please refer to GRI Content Index which 

summarises our data and information disclosed as per GRI Standards requirement. 

 

Feedback 

 

XMH always welcome feedback from our stakeholders on this Report as we strive to 

improve on our reporting. For any enquiry, comment and suggestion related to this 

Report, please contact us at www.xmh.com.sg/XMHH/contact.  

 

 

 




MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

4 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are pleased to present to you XMH’s first sustainability report. Since its inception, 

it is XMH’s belief that value creation and sustainability are core to its business and 

stakeholders. XMH’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and management have 

considered sustainability issues as part of its business strategy formulation and 

management activities. We set our sights on our long-term growth strategy. We have 

been working hard to strengthen our foundation amidst aggressive competition in 

several businesses XMH and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) operate in.  

 

In this inaugural Report, we discuss material topics in relation to economic, 

environmental, social and governance which are identified through on-going 

engagement with our stakeholders. Please refer to the section “Stakeholder Engagement” 

on how we continuously interact with our valued stakeholders. This Report also 

highlights our sustainable practices embedded across XMH’s business operations and 

our commitment to achieve the right balance of business values, sustainable growth, 

employee relationship and efforts in business compliance and governance.  

 

We would like to thank various parties who have contributed to XMH and for partnering 

us in our sustainability journey. We plan to publish our sustainability report on a yearly 

basis. 

 

While the Report is our key sustainability document, we encourage our shareholders to 

read it together with our Annual Report for a complete view on XMH’s sustainability 

approach. 

 

 

Sincerely,  

Board of Directors 

XMH Holdings Ltd. 

 


OUR BUSINESS AND VALUES 

 

5 

 

With XMH’s history dating back to 1955, we are now a reputable and trusted name as 

a diesel engine, propulsion and power generating solutions provider to a diverse 

customer base in the marine and industrial sectors across Asia. Our business is 

headquartered in Singapore with main operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. 

Our business activities can be broadly categorised into distribution and provision of 

value-added products and services; after-sales services, trading and others; and projects, 

which comprise the assembly and installation of standby generator sets and provision 

of related services, and the design and manufacture of marine switchboards, remote 

control distributor system and marine automation products. 

 

 

 

 

 



Distribution 

After-Sales 

Services 

Projects 

Xin Ming Hua Pte Ltd 

100% (Singapore, 1991) 

XMH Engineering Pte Ltd 

100% (Singapore, 2007) 

PT Xin Ming Hua Engine 

100% (Indonesia, 2012) 

Mech-Power Generator Pte Ltd 

100% (Singapore, 1983) 

Z Power Automation Pte Ltd 

80% (Singapore, 2008) 

Vivo Power Myanmar Company Limited 

50% (Myanmar, 2018) 

Mech Power Generator Sdn Bhd 

100% (Malaysia, 1992) 


OUR BUSINESS AND VALUES 

 

6 

 

Our supply chain consists of mainly reputable suppliers such as Mitsubishi, Akasaka 

and Kamome (Japan), D-I and Doosan (South Korea), SOLÉ, Korsør, Reintjes, CENTA 

and Schneider (Europe), Niigata Power Systems (Japan), ABB (Switzerland), Logstrup 

and BUKH (Denmark), Siemens and MTU (Germany), Taiyo (Japan), SGP (India) and 

Logan (United States) or their respective agents or distributors. As XMH continues to 

advance, we have scaled up the value-chain with the introduction of “AceGen”, an in-

house range of power-generating set, and “XMH IPS”, a one-stop integrated solution to 

vessel owners requiring diesel engine (or electricity) driven propeller-based propulsion 

systems to power its vessels. In total, there are more than 250 suppliers in our integrated 

supply chain and the majority of them are located overseas with business presence in 

Singapore. 

 

Vision 

To be Asia’s most 

trusted partner in 

power solutions 

Mission 

To deliver optimal and 

reliable solutions to our 

marine and industrial 

customers 

Company Values 

Collaboration for success – Through teamwork and working closely with customers, we deliver 

the best possible solutions to meet customers’ needs. 

Integrity in all we do – We adhere to ethical principles in all our dealings with business 

partners, colleagues and ourselves. 

Belief in people – We believe our staff are capable of performing to expectations and, with 

nurturing, will have the potential to attain higher standards of excellence. 

Strive for progress – We seek to continually improve our level of proficiency and expertise in 

our scope of work. 

Commitment to reliability – We pledge to only deliver optimally dependable solutions that 

fulfil customers’ requirements. 

Resourcefulness for the right solutions – We employ clever and enterprising methods to 

devise optimal products and/or services suited to meet customers’ needs. 


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

7 

 

Sustainability Principles and Governance 

 

XMH believes it is able to better serve the interests of its wider group of stakeholders 

by integrating its sustainability approach to its business operations, values and beliefs.  

 

The Group’s senior management periodically assesses areas where the Group can have 

the greatest economic, environmental, social and governance impact, as well as areas 

that are most important to our stakeholders. Senior management is responsible for on-

going communication of such assessments to the Board, which is responsible for 

reviewing and approving XMH’s sustainability matters. We evaluate the needs and 

expectations of our key stakeholder groups that are significant to our Group’s value-

creation strategy and strive to build mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

 




SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

8 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

We understand the need to maintain close relationships with our stakeholders to support 

us in addressing our business and sustainability challenges. Hence, we regularly engage 

with and consult our diverse groups of key stakeholders. We seek to understand more 

on our stakeholders’ expectations to uncover areas which could be improved on. The 

feedback arising from our stakeholder engagements, which includes inputs on our 

sustainability reporting and materiality, has helped us strengthen the approach and 

relevance of our reporting.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Approach 

Main Concerns/ Interests 

Customers 

On-going quotation, proposal 

meeting, website, site visit 

Unrivalled quality of services and 

products, after sales service, 

maintain ethical standards 

Suppliers 

Quotation, periodic discussion 

and evaluation  

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing policies 

and procedures, fair purchasing 

practices  

Employees 

Induction and orientation 

program, annual staff 

appraisal, internal memo, 

annual trainings 

Staff rights and welfare, personal 

development, good working 

environment, fair employment 

policy 

Investors 

Annual meetings, circulars to 

shareholders 

Transparency, timely reporting, 

dialogue at AGM 

Business 

Partners 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

Government 

and Regulators 

Periodic discussions with 

government agencies and 

departments 

Environmental-friendly business 

approach, compliance with 

regulations, timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

9 

 

Materiality Assessment Process 

 

We listen to our stakeholders when interacting with them during business activities. Our 

topics are identified based on impacts in relation to economic, environmental, social 

and governance, and the degree of influence they have on stakeholders. We take the 

following steps in our materiality assessment process to identify material topics that are 

relevant to us. 

 

 

 

 

 



Identify material topics in relation to economic, 

environmental, social and governance 

Attend workshops conducted by independent consultants, 

conduct background research in similar industry and hold 

internal discussions amongst relevant head of key 

functions  



Prioritise material topics 

Take interest of different stakeholder groups into 

consideration, decide relevancy and determine priority 



Validate material topics 

Evaluate the material topics that have been prioritised and 

seek approval from senior management and the 

concurrence of the Board of Directors 


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

10 

 

Key Topics 

 

Topics 

Description 

Stakeholders 

Reference 

Economic 

Performance 

Economic performance, value 

generation and distribution 

Investors, Business 

Partners, 

Employees, 

Suppliers, 

Government and 

Regulators 

Page 11 

Our People and 

Talent 

Management 

Fair employment practices in aspects 

of hiring, remuneration, training, 

promotion, dismissal, work hours, 

rest periods, benefits and welfare 

and approach to training and 

upgrading employee skills, and 

performance and career development 

reviews 

Employees, 

Suppliers, 

Government and 

Regulators, 

Business Partners 

Page 13 

Quality of Sales 

and Services 

Measures and responsibility to 

ensure standards of service and 

delivery of products in meeting 

customers’ expectations 

Customers, 

Employees, 

Business Partners 

Page 16 

Legal and 

Compliance 

Policies and practice in place to 

uphold good corporate governance 

and manage ethical issues such as 

fraud, corruption, conflicts of 

interest in the conduct of business 

activities , including compliance 

with socioeconomic laws and 

regulations 

Government and 

Regulators, 

Investors, Suppliers, 

Employees, 

Customers, Business 

Partners 

Page 17 


ECONOMIC 

 

11 

 

Economic Performance 

 

We operate three major businesses as outlined in Our Business and Values i.e. 

Distribution, After-Sales Services and Projects. Major areas of concern are price 

fluctuation in commodities, change in technology, resource scarcity, rising labour costs 

and competitive environment of those industries that XMH operates in. As a group, we 

strive to achieve each business unit’s respective target revenue and profit, as well as to 

invest in appropriate capital expenditure to drive organic and long-term growth for our 

businesses. 

 

We believe in building sustainable business that deliver long term economic value and 

growth. We also believe that a truly sustainable business not only creates long term 

value for shareholders, but does so in a way that benefits other stakeholders as well. We 

contribute towards the local economy in which our businesses operate by creating jobs, 

purchasing from local suppliers where possible, responsibly paying our taxes and 

introducing business opportunities for our business partners. 

 

We work closely with management and operation staff to identify and consider 

sustainability opportunities and risks that may arise. Below are the extracts of 

Chairman’s Message in our prior years’ Annual Report. Reading them together provides 

more clarity on our chain of thoughts, actions and results.  

 

Extracts of Chairman’s Message in 2017 Annual Report 

 

Going forward, we hope to continuously assess which overheads and processes 

remain core and vital so as to streamline costs to achieve a stronger statement of 

financial position and sustainable growth for the medium to long term. 

 

The Group continues to maintain a prudent stance as it looks out for viable 

opportunities in the marine sector and energy-related and industrial onshore projects. 

 

Extracts of Chairman’s Message in 2018 Annual Report 

 

… our total operating expenses continued to decrease, reducing by 8.2% to S$24.0 

million for FY2018 from S$26.2 million for FY2017. 

 

We diversified further into onshore energy, industrials and other new segments such 

as utilities, to partly compensate the deficit from softer offshore marine demand. 

 

 

 


ECONOMIC 

 

12 

 

Economic Performance (Cont’d) 

 

We manage our operations in accordance to our Company’s values as well as 

sustainability principles. Our management team takes a pragmatic approach towards 

financial management to identify and mitigate risks, undergo internal and external audit 

of our financial accounts, and continually review our performance against internal 

benchmarks. Due to our focus on improving operating efficiencies, we achieved 

positive increase in gross profit margin at 24.4% in FY2018 from 24.2% in FY2017, as 

well as reduction of administrative expenses at 19.7% in conjunction with the decrease 

of revenue at 19.2% in FY2018. For more information on XMH’s economic 

performance, please refer to our Annual Report 2018 – Operations and Financial 

Review (page 13 to 15) and Financial Statements (page 51 to 56). 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SOCIAL 

 

13 

 

Our People and Talent Management 

 

XMH values human capital. Employees are the greatest assets of the Company. Hence, 

their competencies and well-being are important to XMH’s business operation and 

growth. XMH provides full-time employment to more than 200 individuals from 

diverse backgrounds, illustrated through the various qualifications, experience, 

nationalities and ages of our employees.  

 

Standard Benefits for All Employees for Operations in Singapore  

 

 

 

Insurance 

Coverage 

Health 

Care 

Benefits 

Paternity 

Leave 

Annual 

Leave 

Marriage 

Leave 

Transport 

Allowance 

Medical 

Leave 

Child Care 

Leave 


SOCIAL 

 

14 

 

Our People and Talent Management (Cont’d) 

 

We value diversity because we believe each of our employees play a part in contributing 

to our business presence, brand and connections with our external stakeholders such as 

customers and shareholders. We want our business to benefit from the opportunities 

presented by their diverse experience and perspectives. 

 

To put this approach and values into action, we integrated and centralised our human 

resource functions of different business units over the years. We uphold these values 

and beliefs so that we are well-positioned to acquire, retain and develop exceptional 

talents.  

 

We believe all candidates and employees should be respected and treated fairly. We 

support equal opportunities for employment and do not tolerate discrimination in any 

form. We conduct investigation and take necessary action when complaints of 

discrimination arise.  

 

New Hires by Age Group and Gender 

 

Period 

Age Group 

Gender 

Below 30 

30 – 50 

Above 50 

Female 

Male 

FY2018 

29 

21 

6 

11 

45 

FY2017 

11 

12 

4 

7 

20 

 

Staff Average Training Hours  

 

 

FY2018 

FY2017  

By Gender 

Male 

23 

29 

Female 

27 

26 

By Employee Category 

Management and above 

34 

48 

Executives 

24 

30 

General Staff 

6 

4 

 

 


SOCIAL 

 

15 

 

Our People and Talent Management (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We offer career development programs for our employees at all levels of the 

organisation. Our employees receive periodic performance review in accordance with 

our human resource policy. In FY2018 and FY2017, all our staff received regular 

performance review in line with the Group’s policies N1. 

 

We encourage on-going and two-way communication between employees and their 

supervisor(s). We use a variety of tools to disseminate information regularly and 

proactively seek feedback from employees, during company events and at exit 

interviews upon they leaving the Company. We trust that establishing these 

communication channels would help us identify strengths, weaknesses and potential 

opportunities for the Company to make XMH an even better place to work.  

 

The Company is reviewing ways to establish a more systematic approach to engage 

employees and encourage regular feedback between employees and their supervisor(s).  

 

 

 

 

 

N1 - Exclude one of the Singapore operations when the HR function underwent transition.  

 




GOVERNANCE 

 

16 

 

Quality of Sales and Services 

 

Our service quality to our customers play a vital role for the sustainable success of XMH. 

Upholding quality of services and products is essential to enable us to retain our existing 

customer base and attract new customers. We place great emphasis on quality control 

to ensure consistent quality standards that meets the requirements of our customers. In 

FY2018, we have no incidence of customers rejecting delivery due to defective or 

unsatisfactory products. 

 

Our quality control personnel work closely with our production team to ensure that the 

existing production flow and method achieves the required standards of quality, and 

that innovation and improvement are continually introduced to our business processes 

to improve quality standards. We pledge to deliver prompt and optimally dependable 

solutions that meet the dynamic requirements of our customers. As such, we have 

established the following quality assurance and control system to ensure consistency in 

the quality of our services and the products and services that we deliver.  

 

 

 

 

Product Handling and Service Quality Check Procedures 

Products purchased/designed/manufactured, including technical specifications 

and compliance documents, are inspected at various stages. It is our policy to 

track and keep internal records of all incoming diesel engines, power generating 

sets and certain related components to allow us to provide timely feedback to 

our principals and/or suppliers. Outgoing products are checked against order 

specification and load tested before delivery to our customers, including 

supervision on installation and commissioning to ensure they meet the requisite 

performance specifications. 

Customer Relationship Management 

We believe that feedback from our customers and our timely response is vital 

for us to remain competitive in this industry. We ensure that our sales and 

services staff receive adequate training and are equipped with the necessary 

skills and right attitudes when dealing and negotiating with our customers. 

We have implemented an ERP system which allows us to track our sales leads 

and enquiries, customer feedbacks and our follow-up actions.   


GOVERNANCE 

 

17 

 

Legal and Compliance 

 

We conduct our business in strict compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 

To demonstrate our Company’s values, we adhere to ethical principles in all our 

dealings with business partners and colleagues. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We recognise the risk of regulatory penalties and resulting loss of reputation arising 

from non-compliance with relevant legal requirements, including our products. We 

maintain our commitment to responsible business through a well-established ethical 

principles and accountability system. We proactively keep abreast of applicable legal 

requirements in the industries we operate in.  

 

XMH has a whistleblowing policy outlined in our employee handbook to promote 

ethical business practices. We encourage our employees to raise any concerns relating 

to any suspected improper business activities. In the event of a reported whistleblowing 

case, the Audit Committee ensures that an independent investigation is carried out 

followed by appropriate remedial actions.  

 

XMH believes that strong corporate governance and ethical standards will translate to 

sound business decisions which underpin our operational and financial performance, 

and will deliver value to all stakeholders. In FY2018, there was no reported incidents 

of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that could result in either public 

allegation of non-compliance or penalties. 

 

Area of Concern 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Corporate governance aspects, 

including corruption 

No reported cases of 

non-compliance 

Continue to uphold 

good governance 

practice and comply 

with laws and 

regulations 

Socio-economic aspects 

Environmental aspects 

Product aspects 

XMH’s Ethical Principles 

Uphold good corporate 

governance 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations 

Promote ethical business 

conduct 


GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

18 

GRI 

Standard  

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Sustainability Report - page 5 and 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2018 - page 122 

102-6 

Markets served 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Sustainability Report - page 5 and 13, 

Annual Report 2018 - page 6 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Not applicable 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of association 

Not applicable 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Sustainability Report - page 4 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior 

Sustainability Report - page 6 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Report - page 7 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report - page 8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability Report - page 9 and 10 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Sustainability Report - page 5 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability Report - page 10 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report - page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report - page 18 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance 

for our sustainability report FY2018 

and may consider it in the future. 

 

 


GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

19 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Notes/ Page Reference 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainability Report - page 3, 11-17 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Sustainability Report - page 11-17 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Report - page 11-17 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Annual Report 2018 - page 51 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Sustainability Report - page 17 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Sustainability Report - page 17 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Sustainability Report - page 13 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

Sustainability Report - page 14 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews  

Sustainability Report - page 15 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Sustainability Report - page 17 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

Sustainability Report - page 17 

 

 

