
 

1 

 

 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2018 

Yanlord Land Group Limited 


 

2 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

The annual sustainability report of Yanlord Land Group Limited for the financial year ended 

31 December 2018 (“FY2018”) has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option, the international standard for sustainability 

reporting. 

The objective of this report is to provide our stakeholders with a holistic overview of our 

sustainability agendas, efforts and initiatives. Furthermore, this report aims to disclose 

our sustainable performance in the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) aspects 

to our stakeholders in an accountable and transparent manner.  

The scope of this report covers the sustainability performance of our main operations in 

the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Singapore and Hong Kong from 1 January 2018 to 

31 December 2018, unless stated otherwise. Although this report has not been externally 

assured, we intend to seek external assurance for future sustainability reports. 

The content of this report adheres to the four reporting principles prescribed by the GRI 

Standards:  

 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness principle: Implemented to determine the report context 

through the refreshment of materiality assessment exercise conducted in December 

2018.  

 

Sustainability Context principle: Implemented to determine the report context 

which covered the ESG aspects. 

 

Materiality principle: Implemented to determine the report context based on the 

internal and external factors that were considered when assessing whether a topic 

is material. 

 

Completeness principle: Implemented to evaluate specific and material topics on 

data availability as well as to determine the topics’ boundaries. 

 

CONTACT US 

For questions or to deliver feedback about this report, please contact:  

 

Assistant to Director of Administrative Office 

Conrad Wang 

Yanlord Land Group Limited 

8F NO.30, LANE 1399 Dingxiang Road, 

Pudong Shanghai, PRC 200135 

Tel.: 86-21-50585333 

Fax: 86-21-50585332 

E-mail: pu.wang@yanlord.com 

www.yanlordland.com   

 

 


 

3 

INTRODUCTION 

 

ABOUT YANLORD LAND GROUP LIMITED 

Yanlord Land Group Limited (“Yanlord” or “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries 

the “Group”) is a real estate developer of high-quality properties that distinguish ourselves 

among peers. Our properties are characterised by outstanding architectural design and 

quality construction. With a track record in developments at prime locations, our brand 

name – just like the properties we build – is an icon itself. 

Our focus is to develop high-end residential, commercial and integrated property projects 

in high-growth cities within the PRC. We have significant subsidiaries in Singapore, Hong 

Kong and PRC – with Singapore as the headquarters. Based on the information available 

to the Company as at 11 March 2019, approximately 27% of the issued ordinary shares 

(excluding treasury shares) of the Company is held by the public. 

We retain some of our commercial and integrated developments as investment properties 

for lease, as well as provide property management services for residential and other 

properties developed by us. 

 

 

Figure 1: Employee headcount for Yanlord Group 

 

Note: The diversity at the Board’s level is disclosed on page 175 of Yanlord’s FY2018 Annual Report. 






 

4 

OUR CORE VALUE 

 

Led by a dynamic mission and strategic vision, we sought to pave the way forward and 

establish our brand in the PRC in the early 1990s. Since then, we have grown from strength 

to strength, honing our experience and expertise with every project and performance. 

Over the past quarter-century, we have evolved to become a builder of homes, dreams, 

and icons. 

 

 

 

 

 






 

5 

AWARDS 

 

AWARDS 

YEAR AWARDED 

National Award for Civil Engineering (by China Construction Industry 

Association)  

2018 

2018 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers 

2018 

2018 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers – 

Financial Stability Top 10 

2018 

2018 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers – 

Top 10 Foreign Enterprises 

2018 

2018 Excellence in Human Resources Management 

2018 

Best in Sector (Property Development) 

by The Edge Singapore Billion Dollar Club 2017 

2017 

Best Performing Stock (Property Development) 

by The Edge Singapore Billion Dollar Club 2017 

2017 

2017 National Customer Satisfaction Project Customer Satisfaction Index (CSI) 

Assessment – 

Company with Satisfaction Rating 

2017 

Shanghai City User Satisfaction Award – 

Company Category LEED – EB Platinum Certification 

2017 

Jiangsu Province Top 50 Property Management Company Award 

2017 

Guandong Province – Award for Structural and Engineering Excellence  

2017 

Top 10 City Landmark of Zhuhai in 2016 

2016 

China’s Property Management – Best Growth Company 

2015 

China’s Top 100 Best Brands for Property Management 

2015 

China’s Golden Key Award – 

6S Concierge Management Innovation Award 

2015 

Shanghai City Property Management Industry – 

AAA Grade Company 

2015 

Shanghai City User Satisfaction Award – 

Residential Property Management 

2015 

Jiangsu Province Property Management Association – 

Excellence in Property Management (Gold Award) 

2015 

Shanghai Property Management Association – 

Outstanding Business Unit 

2015 

Tianjin City Brands of Excellence for Property Management 

2015 

Shanghai Outstanding Projects Award 

2015 

 

 


 

6 

MESSAGE FROM BOARD 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

After taking our first step to show our commitment towards sustainable development, we 

are proud to share with you our second annual sustainability report. This year, we have 

strengthened our commitment to build a sustainable business while still delivering high-

quality development projects to our customers. We as the Board of Directors (the “Board”) 

continue to believe that integrating sustainability in our long-term strategies will contribute 

our business success.  

During the year, we have made credible progress in the management of material ESG 

factors in our sustainability strategy. We conducted a refreshment of materiality matrix to 

evaluate the relevancy of the selected ESG factors against the current business strategy, 

market conditions, stakeholder concerns, etc. of the Group and the same material ESG 

factors identified for last financial year remain relevant to current context of the Group 

and were used to develop the content of this report.  

At Yanlord, we strive to ensure that our employees are always taken care of by upholding 

Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) standards at the workplace. In 2018, we have 

abided by the PRC Labour Law and Safe Production Law, among others, to safeguard the 

health and safety of our employees. Our objective of emphasising workplace health and 

safety management remains unwavered and we will persist to minimise OHS-related 

incidents amongst our employees. 

With the same care, the health and safety aspect of our customers are taken into 

consideration at every stage of the property development. During the year, we have 

abided by the policies set up to ensure that accidents and non-compliance of regulations 

are avoided. We have met the goals and targets set from the previous year to have neither 

non-compliance nor health and safety incidents for our customers, and aim to sustain this 

record.  

We also recognise the value which customer feedback offers as we seek to identify and 

address the needs of our valued customers. Continuing from last year, we have engaged 

an independent and reputable agency to conduct regular surveys and subsequently 

analyse for follow-up actions. This proactive approach will allow us to consistently maintain 

the highest level of customer satisfaction by meeting and exceeding the expectations of 

our customers. 

As we proceed along our sustainability journey, we look forward to strengthening our 

business performance by integrating our material ESG factors in upcoming sustainable 

development projects.  




 

7 

OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability remains high on our agenda and we are committed to delivering quality 

residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose) to our 

customers, through realising eco-friendly developments. Several of our properties are 

located in scenic areas that are also recognised by the PRC government as sustainable 

properties. Residential properties of Yanlord Riverside Plaza in Tianjin and Riverbay 

Gardens in Suzhou are not only recognised for their architectural design, but have won 

various awards for energy conservation technologies, landscaping, and quality.  

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

A key approach undertaken to embrace sustainability in our operations is the management 

of internal and external risks. We have implemented a sustainability governance structure 

which allows us to identify, drive and execute sustainability initiatives across the Company.  

The Board has the overall responsibility for the governance of risk to ensure a sound 

system of risk management and internal controls. Reporting to 

them is the four-member Risk Management Committee which 

identifies, measures, manages, and controls risks that may 

have a significant impact on the Group’s property development 

activities. The Risk Management Committee has the added 

responsibility of reviewing and assessing risk related policies 

and methodologies. 

We act in accordance with the code of business conduct which 

deals with issues such as confidentiality, conduct and work discipline, corporate gifts and 

concessionary offers. This is supported by the clear policies and guidelines which we have 

put in place on how to handle workplace harassment and grievances. A whistleblowing 

policy has also been established to provide sufficient channels for our employees and any 

other persons to give their feedback about possible improprieties in matters of financial 

reporting, accounting or auditing, internal controls or internal accounting controls and 

other operational matters. We are dedicated to safeguarding workplace health and safety 

and is a member of the Workplace Safety and Health Council (Construction and Landscape) 

Committee in Singapore, upholding our commitment to high corporate governance 

standards.  

 

 






 

8 

SUSTAINABILITY IN OUR VALUE CHAIN 

As a company, we aspire to continuously integrate sustainability in our operations and 

dealings with key stakeholders. We believe that good governance and ethics, strong 

stakeholder relationships, and respect for the local communities and environment are key 

indicators of our business performance.  

We have zero tolerance for any form of corruption and bribery and have an anti-corruption 

policy in place. This policy aims to prevent corruption and sets out the principles on how 

we conduct our business. Our corporate governance procedures are in line to ensure we 

behave in a socially responsible manner. As a safeguard, vendors and suppliers are 

required to sign agreements / contracts with sections on anti-corruption and anti-bribery, 

and special attention is paid to our dealings with third-party vendors and suppliers. 

Our agreements with vendors and suppliers go beyond anti-corruption and anti-bribery to 

ensure that the products and services sourced are of high quality and standards. All 

contractors are appointed based on their current positive track record of compliance with 

regulations and upon meeting the safety criteria. They are required to abide by our policies 

on health and safety which includes the use of personal protective equipment, the need 

for proper disposal of waste matter and requirement to report on accidents. 

Additionally, we recognise our responsibility to the local communities and have set in 

motion several corporate social responsibility initiatives. These include holding 

engagement programs for students and youths, and providing grants and donations to 

educational institutions and other non-profit organisations.  

 

KEY ECONOMIC HIGHLIGHTS IN 2018 

For FY2018, our Group achieved a total revenue of RMB24.9 billion and earnings before 

interest and tax (EBIT) of RMB11.2 billion. Total net profit after tax and non-controlling 

interests (PATNCI) was RMB3.5 billion. 

For a detailed breakdown of our FY2018 financial results, please refer to the relevant 

sections of Yanlord’s FY2018 Annual Report. 

 

Figure 2: Key Economic Highlights for FY2018 




 

9 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

We recognise the integral role played by our key stakeholders in ensuring the sustainable 

development of our organisation and have regularly engaged them via various channels. 

Our objective is to inform and keep them updated of our sustainability initiatives 

throughout the year, and at the same time, gather their expectations and concerns on the 

sustainability of our business. These concerns raised by them are subsequently compiled 

and prioritised based on the sustainability considerations and impact on the business.  

These engagements provide us with a holistic understanding of the expectations and 

concerns of our key stakeholders, bolstering our sustainability efforts. We are thus better 

positioned to anticipate and react to economic and ESG challenges as they arise.  

Our key stakeholders were selected based on their ability to influence our performance 

and provide effective solutions to incorporate sustainability into our operations. They 

include investors, business partners, suppliers, local communities, customers, media, and 

employees.  

 

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS 

Stakeholder Group 

Modes of Engagement 

Value Creation 

Investors 

 Annual General Meeting 

 Financial results briefings  

 Financial results 

 Presentations 

 Regular analyst and investor 

meetings 

 Announcement, media releases 

and interviews (if any) 

 Annual report 

 Company website and email 

alerts 

We aim to maximise investors’ returns and build 

a 

strong 

investor 

network 

through 

the 

maintenance of good corporate governance. We 

are also dedicated to increasing the levels of 

transparency through the publishing of our 

financial results and sustainability reports, 

complemented 

with 

timely 

and 

proactive 

communication. 

Business Partners 

 Regular dialogue sessions, 

town halls, and forums 

 News bulletin 

 Financial results briefings  

 Financial results 

 Presentations 

 Annual report 

 Company website and email 

alerts 

We 

aim 

to 

cultivate 

stronger 

working 

relationships with our business partners through 

increased transparency via dialogue sessions 

and presentations. This is to ensure that 

business 

proceedings 

are 

impactful 

and 

beneficial 

in 

relation 

to 

the 

economic, 

environmental and societal aspects.  

Suppliers 

 Supplier Code of Conduct 

 Green procurement 

specifications 

 Environmental, Health and 

Safety (“EHS”) assessment 

We work closely with our value chain partners 

and aim to create cooperative and long-lasting 

working relationships while ensuring that they 

have adhered to regulations and EHS standards, 

protecting the continuality of our partnership.  




 

10 

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS 

Stakeholder Group 

Modes of Engagement 

Value Creation 

 Quarterly seminars and peer 

sharing 

 Vendor evaluation 

Local Communities 

 Collaborations with charity and 

NGOs partners for community 

development 

 Universal design for homes and 

offices 

 Annual report 

 Company website 

 Corporate advertisements 

We understand that our development projects 

will impact the local communities and we aim to 

effectively design spaces that incorporate the 

knowledge harnessed from the engagements. 

Customers 

 Integrated customer and call 

centre 

 Welcome parties 

 Green Living Guides 

 Customer satisfaction surveys 

 Show suites feedback 

 Recycling programme 

 Campaign 

 Healthy Workplace Ecosystem 

 Annual tenant satisfaction 

surveys 

 Tenant engagement / 

networking events 

We aim to build long-lasting relationships with 

our customers and are focused on maintaining 

the highest standards and increasing the value 

brought to them. This is done through delivering 

quality products and services together with 

satisfaction surveys which allows us to discover 

areas of improvements which are necessary to 

meet customers’ rising expectations. 

Media 

 Roadshows 

 Conferences, meetings and site 

visits 

 Media releases and interviews 

(if any) 

 Annual report 

 Company website and email 

alerts 

 Project launches 

We aim to engage media outlets to broadcast 

our 

sustainability 

agenda 

and 

promote 

sustainable living, as they are a main source of 

information for our stakeholders. 

Employees 

 Regular dialogue sessions, 

town hall meetings and forums  

 Company intranet 

 News bulletin 

 Employee Assistance 

Programme (counselling 

service) 

 Employee grievance handling 

procedures 

 Employee volunteering 

platform 

 Employee performance review 

We aim to regularly engage our employees 

through dialogue sessions and support their 

professional development through performance 

reviews as they are essential to ensuring our 

operational efficiency and overall business 

excellence. 

 

Figure 3: Stakeholder Groups for Yanlord Land Group Limited 

 

 


 

11 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

In the process of prioritising the material ESG factors, we first gathered the expectations 

and sustainability-related concerns of our stakeholders, and subsequently mapped them 

to the GRI list of economic, environmental, social and governance topics.  

The topics mapped were individually assessed and prioritised based on their importance 

to our key stakeholders and their significance to the business. Yanlord’s top management 

is ultimately responsible for validating the topics which share a high degree of importance 

to both our key stakeholders and our business. 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

IDENTIFIED 

GRI INDEX 

GRI SUB-TOPICS 

IMPACT WITHIN / OUTSIDE 

THE ORGANISATION 

Economic Performance 

GRI 201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Within the organisation 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

GRI 403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related 

fatalities 

Within the organisation 

Customer Health and 

Safety 

GRI 416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and 

services 

Within the organisation 

Customer Satisfaction 

GRI 102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Within the organisation 

GRI 102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Within the organisation 

 

Figure 4: Material Topics Identified 

 

 




 

12 

CARING FOR OUR PEOPLE 

 

At Yanlord, we believe that our people are the backbone holding up our business and 

building them within the organisation will play a crucial role in determining our success. 

We strive to ensure that our employees are always taken care of and are committed to 

improving their workplace competencies. Throughout the year, we have abided by PRC’s 

Labour Law and Safe Production Law, among others, to ensure the health and safety of 

our employees.  

We recognise the importance of inculcating safety into our workplace culture and have 

implemented health and safety policies to establish a safe workplace for our employees. 

We have taken a systematic approach of reporting any incidents of injury or accident 

arising within our residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental 

purpose). For construction sites, any incidents will be reported to project managers for 

immediate treatment. For managed properties, any incidents will be reported to the 

respective property manager. All cases of incident will be documented by our human 

resources department for the processing of leaves and insurance payout. 

In 2018, we had 45 incidents reported, compared to the 23 reported last year. This 

translates to 113.1 lost days per million hours worked. We achieved our goals regarding 

zero cases of occupational diseases or work-related fatalities in our residential and 

commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose). However, the management 

has noted that there were more cases of work injuries in Shanghai and Nanjing reported 

in 2018 compared to 2017 due to more projects handed over to property management 

team for daily maintenance.  

Looking ahead, we have further outlined goals and targets to better manage health and 

safety concerns of our employees as our objective of emphasising workplace health and 

safety management remains unwavered. We will strengthen workplace safety and 

continue to monitor our progress closely and aim to reduce cases of injury in 2019. 

Performance in 2018: 

 

 

* Number of lost man-days per million hours worked 

 

Figure 5: Occupational health and safety statistics 






 

13 

CARING FOR OUR CUSTOMERS 

At Yanlord, one of our key priorities is ensuring the health and safety of customers in all 

our residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose). The health 

and safety aspect for our customers is well thought of at every stage of the property 

development. This is essential to avoid injuries, maintain a healthy environment within 

our residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose) and avoid 

compliance breaches. We are devoted to identifying all possible hazards that our 

customers can encounter and mitigate such hazards at an early stage.   

Our company has instituted several policies which contains provisions safeguarding the 

health and safety of customers to avoid accidents and non-compliance of regulations. 

Within our residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose), we 

have installed additional infrastructure such as ramps, boarding bays and aided toilets to 

better cater to the requirements of individuals with special needs.  

Further, as large open spaces and lush natural greenery within the development enhances 

aesthetics and the wellbeing of our customers, we have designed all our residential and 

commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose) to have such areas, increasing 

customer satisfaction levels. Yanlord Townhouse is an example of our “natural” properties 

which capitalises on the natural tranquillity of its surroundings coupled with proximity to 

the amenities of cosmopolitan living.   

Convenience is another key element of our residential and commercial properties (for sale 

or held for rental purpose), and we ensured that all entry and exit points of our properties 

to be located closely to transport hubs such as bus stops and train stations. This proximity 

to transport hubs enables convenient commute and easy access to all amenities. Yanlord 

Western Gardens is an example that is ideally situated between Hongqiao CBD &amp; 

Transportation Hub in Qingpu New Town.    

In 2018, we have met the goals and targets set last year to sustain a record of zero 

incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety issues in our properties. 

Further, there were also zero cases of non-compliance with voluntary codes concerning 

either occupational health and safety or product and service information. 

Moving forward, we seek to adhere to established customer health and safety practices 

and aim to meet the goals and targets set out for 2019 as below: 

 

 

Figure 6: Goals and Targets for Customer Health and Safety 

 

 




 

14 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

We seek to actively identify and address the needs of our valued customers. As such, we 

are dedicated to designing and creating high-quality properties which are characterised by 

outstanding architectural design and quality construction. This commitment underpins our 

brand and provides the necessary foundation for a harmonious community.  

We recognise that for us to meet our customers’ changing needs and rising expectations, 

we must take a proactive approach to draw on the value of customer feedback. This allows 

us to understand our customers’ experiences and keeps us constantly informed of how we 

can improve our products and services to better meet our customers’ needs.  

This year, we have engaged a renowned independent research agency to conduct regular 

surveys on satisfaction of our customers in the PRC – the buyers of our residential and 

commercial properties, the tenants of our office buildings, service apartments and retails 

shops, as well as the guests of our service apartments and hotels. The survey results were 

analysed for any potential gaps and areas of improvement, with recommendations for 

appropriate follow-up actions after the analysis.  

Our approach has ensured that we achieve high satisfaction levels of products delivered 

and at all stages of services to our customers, as evidenced in Figure 7. Continuing our 

performance from last year based on the results of the surveys, we have once again been 

given scoring that exceeds most of the industry’s average ratings. We take pride in being 

able to cater to our valued customers and will strive to maintain the highest satisfaction 

levels. 

 

Figure 7: Customer Satisfaction Rating – Products &amp; Services 




 

15 

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PROJECT 

 

In 2018, Yanlord celebrated the grand opening of its Crowne Plaza Sanya Haitang Bay 

Resort. As a property developer, Yanlord’s focus is on building green infrastructure that 

supports sustainable development for growing communities.  

Crowne Plaza Sanya Haitang Bay Resort has distinguished itself among the numerous 

prestigious hotels and resorts in the bay area with its comprehensive suite of facilities 

which includes a roof-top infinity pool and family friendly services such as kids play areas, 

kids care, family suites and other amenities catering to the needs of parents traveling with 

kids. 

One of the green initiatives that we have implemented was the adoption of solar energy 

for the heating system in the hotel. As the hotel is situated in the tropical area, there are 

more than 200 days of sunlight to be utilised. By shifting from non-renewable source of 

fossil natural gas to renewable source of solar energy, we are expecting to achieve an 

annual savings of over RMB200,000. 

Yanlord’s hospitality services is a growing segment for the Company. With a portfolio of 

service apartments in Nanjing and Chengdu that continue to be highly popular with 

business travellers, this latest addition will further complement our suite of services to 

travellers. We are confident that this new resort hotel will become a favoured destination 

for vacationers.  

A great number of hoteliers understand that investment in environmental technology can 

have a direct positive impact on guest experience. As we expect tourist numbers to 

increase in the Hainan Island, implementing such initiatives will create a positive impact 

to the environment as well as enhance the travel experience for our guests with our 

commitment to providing a “home away from home” experience. 

 

 

 




 

16 

CARING FOR OUR COMMUNITY 

Our focus as a company extends beyond achieving high standards of investor relations to 

cultivate good corporate citizenry. We understand that our actions may impact local 

communities and it is our responsibility to ensure any negative impacts are kept to a 

minimum. We are also firm supporters of corporate social responsibility initiatives and 

advocate the importance of giving back to society.  

Building on from previous years, we continue to actively organise charity events for the 

differently abled and the underprivileged communities, along with various activities for 

environmental conservation. We have strengthened our commitment to delivering quality 

residential and commercial properties (for sale or held for rental purpose) to our discerning 

customers and have turned our attention to environmental conservation through 

developing eco-friendly developments. We have also widened the scope of our corporate 

social responsibilities to include student and youth engagement programs such as offering 

educational institutional grants and donations, as well as student enrichment programs.  

In 2018, we have built on our earlier initiatives and strengthened our efforts in the PRC 

with the following actions: 

 

Chengdu: Joined hands with “Heart of Hope” charity foundation to launch a 

public welfare campaign of “Red Skirt Run” and cycling in Guang'an. More than 

RMB30,000 was donated to help poor children with congenital heart disease. 

 

Nanjing: Donated RMB50,000 to Nanjing Disabled Persons’ Welfare Foundation 

and RMB100,000 to Nanjing Charity Federation respectively. 

 

Shanghai: Donated RMB540,000 for needy farmers in the Yunnan region.  

 

Shanghai: Sponsored RMB400,000 to the Shanghai Modern Service Industry 

Association for filming of public welfare documentaries.  

 

Hainan: Donated RMB200,000 to Blue Ribbon Marine Environment Protection 

Association of Hainan province during its opening period. 

 

 

 

 


 

17 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 2016 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; Remarks 

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURE 2016 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Page 3 

102-9 

Supply Chain 

Page 7 

102-10 

Significant changes to organisation and 

its supply chain 

Not Applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Page 7 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Page 7 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 7 

STRATEGY 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Page 6 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour 

Page 4,7 

GOVERNANCE 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 7 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 9,10 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 9,10 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 9,10 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised  

Page 9,10 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Page 11 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 11 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not Applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Yanlord Land Group Limited 

Sustainability Report 2017 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 2 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

Page 2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 17,18 

102-56 

External assurance 

Not Externally Assured 

 

 


 

18 

GRI Standard 2016 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; Remarks 

GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and 

its boundary 

Page 8,12,13,14 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Page 8 

GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities 

Page 12 

GRI 406: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 2016 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services 

Page 13 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

Customer Satisfaction 

Customer Satisfaction Survey 

Page 14 

 

 

 

