
0 

 

 

 

 

 

YINDA INFOCOMM LIMITED 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 




1 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

(the “Sponsor”). If has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this 

Sustainability Report including the corrections of any of the statements or opinions made or reports 

contained in this Sustainability Report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ong Hwee Li (Tel: 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00, 

AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.  

01 BOARD STATEMENT                                                         

2 

02 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE                                            

3 

03 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH                                           

4 

04 ECONOMIC                                                                         

6 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL                                                              

8 

06 SOCIAL                                                                              

10 

07 GOVERNANCE                                                                  

17 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX                                

19 


2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Yinda Infocomm Limited (“Yinda Infocomm”, 

or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year ended 31 May 

2019 (“FY2019”). This report is prepared in compliance with the Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”)(“Catalist Rules”), and is referenced to the guidance set out in SGX-ST’s Sustainability Reporting 

Guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules. This Sustainability Report is prepared based on 

the Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We have chosen to 

report using the GRI Standards because it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that 

covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures.  

 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related 

initiatives carried throughout the 12-month period, from 1 June 2018 to 31 May 2019. For this report, 

we will be focusing on our sustainability approach, initiatives and performance in respect of the Group’s 

operations in Singapore. The Group intends to expand the scope of its sustainability report in the future 

to include its sustainability practices in other geographical regions, including Thailand and Philippines 

as the Group expands in those markets. The Group adopts the precautionary principle to minimise 

negative effects of conducting its business whenever feasible.  

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent 

third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure the accuracy of the 

data and information provided. Where required and as the Group’s sustainability reporting matures, 

the Group will consider seeking external independent assurance for its sustainability report. The Board 

of Directors (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the management and monitoring of the material 

EESG factors affecting the Group and considers them in the determination of the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies while the key management team are responsible for the implementation of 

sustainability initiatives.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to contact@yinda.com.sg. 

  

31 October 2019 

 


3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

CMC Infocomm Limited was listed in August 2015 on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST. The Group was 

acquired by Yinda Pte. Ltd. through a mandatory general offer on 20 June 2017. The Group has 

subsequently been rebranded as Yinda Infocomm Limited with effect from 26 September 2017, to align 

with the parent company common identity which bodes well for corporate branding purposes.  

 

Yinda Pte. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai Yinda Science and Technology Industrial Co. 

Ltd. (“Shanghai Yinda”). Shanghai Yinda is in turn held by Shanghai Yinda Technology Group Co. Ltd. 

(“Shanghai Yinda Group”). Shanghai Yinda Group is engaged in the information technology, 

telecommunications and related businesses. Yinda Pte. Ltd. currently holds 120,437,180 shares, 

representing approximately 79.23% of the total number of issued shares of the Company.  

 

The Group is a regional integrated and innovative communication solutions and services provider with 

operations in Singapore, Thailand, Philippines and Malaysia. Over the years, the Group has established 

a firm reputation in providing consistent and reliable solutions and services. With over 20 years of 

experience in the telecommunications industry, Yinda Infocomm has completed numerous projects in 

Singapore, Philippines and Thailand since 2011. 

 

Our capabilities include:  

 

IN-BUILDING COVERAGE  

Provision of full turnkey in-building coverage services from planning and design to construction and 

implementation of customers’ indoor mobile network infrastructure;  

 

OUTDOOR CONSTRUCTION  

Provision of full turnkey services from planning and design to construction and implementation of 

customers’ outdoor mobile network infrastructure;  

 

TELECOMMUNICATIONS IMPLEMENTATION  

Provision of telecommunications implementation works for the installation and commissioning of radio 

base transceiver stations; and  

 

MAINTENANCE SERVICES  

Provision of corrective and preventive maintenance services to ensure network reliability and minimal 

network disruptions.  

 


4 

 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms  

Frequency  

 

Key Concerns Raise 

Suppliers 

Vendor assessment 

Annually 

Joint development 

Contracts fulfilment 

Fair and transparent 

procurement 

Emails/Calls 

Continuously 

Face-to-face meetings 

Continuously 

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

Annually and when 

required 

Ensure compliance with SGX 

rules and regulations 

Realise healthy growth 

Timely and adequate disclosures 

and updates 

Annual report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Continuously 

Websites-investor relationship 

 Continuously 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

Continuously 

Quality Service 

Rights protection 

Email feedback 

Continuously 

Customer cold calls 

Continuously 

Employees 

 

 

Staff appraisal 

Continuously 

Guarantee of basic rights and 

interest 

Employee capabilities and 

career development 

Whistle blowing policy updates 

Annually 

Department &amp; management meetings 

Continuously 

Staff engagement sessions 

Continuously 

Board 

Board meetings 

Half yearly 

Financial sustainability and 

business viability of operations 

Regular updates on operational 

activities 

 

Board circulation via e-mails  

Continuously 

Government and 

Regulators  

 

 

 

Regular reports 

Continuously 

Strengthen safety management 

Compliance with regulations 

Websites 

Continuously 

Calls 

Continuously 
















5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability reporting process begin with the identification of relevant aspects. The relevant 

aspects are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subjected to validation. The end result 

of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are 

as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year. We engaged our employees from 

different departments and sought their feedback for ranking of these topics according to priority. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance  

Anti-Corruption 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

                                Environmental Compliance 

                         Supplier Environmental Assessment 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Business Ethics and Compliance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

 



SOCIAL  

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 










6 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

Yinda Infocomm firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully 

committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is that long-

term profitability and shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account the interests of all 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

FY2019 has been a significant year, as this is the first financial year after the IPO in FY2015 that the 

Group has turned profitable, as well as achieve a revenue growth of 29.2% as compared to FY2018. 

The Board led the management team through several rounds of corporate restructuring and 

improvements, including improvement of project delivery capabilities, manpower productivity and 

optimisation of workflow. The Group faces various challenges in the telecommunication industry, and 

we will continuously improve our productivity by improving our project delivery.  

 

For FY2019, with several projects completed in the second half of FY2019, as well as the result of the 

Group increasing its marketing and operational activities across the regions, the Group recorded a 

higher revenue of S$18.0 million as compared to S$13.9 million (restated) in FY2018, representing an 

increase of S$4.1 million or 29.2%. The restatement of revenue for FY2018 resulted in a decrease of 

revenue by S$2.8 million due to the adoption of SFRS(I)15.  

 

The increase in revenue was mainly attributed to the Telecommunication Implementation projects of 

S$2.6 million in Singapore, increase in Networking Planning Optimisation projects in Singapore, 

Thailand and Philippines of S$1.1 million, S$0.8 million and S$0.5 million respectively, partially offset 

with the decrease in In-Building Construction projects across the Group of approximately S$0.9 million.  

 

FUTURE PROSPECTS  

While the entrance of a fourth telecommunications operator and the transition of Singapore to a digital 

economy may create new opportunities, the Group remains cautious amid the prevailing economic 

uncertainties. The Group may face continuous pressure on its margins as competition is expected to 

remain in the telecommunication environment. However, the Group is actively taking steps to manage 

its costs and streamline its business processes so as to achieve cost and operational optimisation.  

 

The Group will continue to focus its efforts in servicing its existing customers based in Singapore, 

Thailand and Philippines, as well as to explore new markets.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to our FY2019 Annual Report, pages 48 to 113.  


7 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

We do not tolerate corruption in any form and strive to conduct our business with utmost integrity and 

transparency. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s Directors, officers and employees.  The 

Directors and senior management team have attended the relevant trainings provided by Singapore 

Institute of Directors which inculcated business ethics and integrity while the rest of the employees in 

Singapore have been briefed by a legal advisor from Shanghai Yinda Group on the expectations and 

importance of maintaining a zero-corruption practise. Our whistleblowing email was set up so that 

anyone who wants to report any issue on corruption can do so confidentially. Any report of corruption 

will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee (“AC”). 

There were no reported incidents of corruption during FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).   

 

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Group has implemented a whistleblowing policy. The policy aims to provide an avenue for 

employees and external parties to raise concerns about misconduct or improprieties in the Group and 

at the same time assure them that they will be protected from victimisation for whistleblowing in good 

faith. Cases that are significant are reviewed by the AC for adequacy of investigation actions and 

resolutions. The Company has provided the email address – whistleblow@yinda.com.sg which is 

accessible by the Lead Independent Director on the Company’s website to allow external parties to 

raise any concerns they may have. 

 

There were zero whistleblowing cases in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). 

 

Our goal is to maintain zero incidences of corruption. We will regularly review our whistleblowing and 

anti-corruption policies.  

 


8 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Yinda Infocomm endeavors to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment. We 

are committed to reduce any carbon footprint and consumption of natural resources in all possible 

aspects of business operations. We encourage the use of renewable materials and resources, and 

where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. We avoid any unnecessary use of 

hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the environment when such 

materials must be used, stored or disposed of.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Here at Yinda Infocomm, we view compliance with relevant codes and regulations on environmental 

issues as mandatory. The Group has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure 

compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and prevent environmental pollution and resource 

depletion with due diligence. We have compiled a Legal &amp; Other Requirements Register for relevant 

legal and other requirements that the Group needs to comply with. For example, we are in compliance 

with the Environmental Public Health Act and Regulations, Environmental Protection and Management 

Act and Regulations and Smoking Act. We have taken steps at all work sites to ensure the requirements 

are met throughout the duration of the projects. 

 

In FY2019, there were zero incidences of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions. . (FY2018: Nil). 

 

We aim to fully comply with all environmental rules and regulations. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Yinda Infocomm will continue to reduce its environmental impact and encourage its stakeholders, such 

as suppliers and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. The Group also performs an 

assessment when screening new vendors to check that they are providing high quality and green 

products. The procurement team is responsible for gathering and verifying information on new suppliers 

in terms of quality of products and services, having resources to meet requirements, responsiveness of 

the vendor or subcontractors, product certification and records, et cetera.  

 

The Group aspires to continuously promote and integrate sustainability in our business operations and 

taking stakeholders’ interest in our consideration. EESG factors are integrated in our value and supply 

chain as our sustainability efforts progressively mature. Moreover, Yinda Infocomm pledges to uphold 

sustainable business practices across its supply chain, from our subsidiaries to suppliers. The Group 

trusts that sustainable supply chain management drives organizational excellence and delivers 

desirable business results to the stakeholders. This includes completion of “Supplier Evaluation 

Procedure” to reduce the risk that a supplier’s products do not meet the Company’s requirements. We 

will make an annual assessment for the key suppliers to ensure that there are multiple suppliers for 


9 

 

important telecommunications equipment or materials and to ensure the stability of the supply of goods 

to further reduce the procurement risks. 

 

Going forward, our target is to ensure that all new suppliers will be screened and selected in accordance 

to their conduct which can be evaluated against an environmental assessment. 

 

 


10 

 

SOCIAL 

The employees of the Group are one of the most important assets to the Group. Their contributions and 

support are valued at all times. As such, we conduct regular reviews on compensations and benefit 

policies according to industry benchmark, financial results as well as individual performance of 

employees. Other fringe benefits and pension funds contributions are provided to retain loyal employees 

with the aim to form a professional staff and management team that can bring the Group to new levels 

of success. Staff satisfaction is evident with the lower staff turnover during FY2019. Furthermore, the 

Group places great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regards excellent 

employees as a key factor in remaining competitive. 

We respect human rights and support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour. The Group does not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality.  

 

As at 31 May 2019, we had a workforce of 110 (FY2018:113) full-time, permanent employees for our 

operations in Singapore. Our headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Male

79%

Female

21%

GENDER

FY2019



Male



Female









Male

82%

Female

18%

GENDER

FY2018



Male



Female

Figure B:  Headcount distribution by gender 

FY2018 

 

Figure A:  Headcount distribution by gender 

FY2019 

 


11 

 













40%

52%

8%

AGE

FY2018



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













45%

50%

5%

AGE

FY2019



&lt;30



30-50



&gt;50

























46%

29%

8%

6%

6%5%

NATIONALITY

FY2019



Indian



Singapore



Chinese



Philippines



Malaysian



Bangladesh















89%

8% 0%

3%

LENGTH OF SERVICE

FY2019



&lt;5



5-10 YEARS



10-15 YEARS



&gt;15 YEARS





























35%

29%

7%

11%

10%

5%3%

NATIONALITY

FY2018 



Indian



Singapore



Chinese



Philippines



Malaysian



Bangladesh



Burmese















79%

16% 0%

5%

LENGTH OF SERVICE

FY2018



&lt;5



5-10 YEARS



10-15 YEARS



&gt;15 YEARS

Figure D: Headcount distribution by age FY2018 

FY2018 

Figure C: Headcount distribution by age FY2019 

Figure F: Headcount distribution by nationality 

FY2018 

Figure E: Headcount distribution by nationality 

FY2019 

Figure G: Headcount distribution by length of 

service FY2019 

Figure H: Headcount distribution by length of 

service FY2018 


12 

 



The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual for our industry due 

to the nature of the business. 

 

Our recruitment of staff is based solely on merit and qualifications, without discrimination of race, age, 

gender, religion or ethnicity. We target to have zero complaint on discrimination. 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our Company and we pay utmost attention to our employees’ 

wellbeing.  In February 2019, we organised a Chinese New Year dinner for the employees.    

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To promote equal opportunity, we have implemented various human resource measures as follows:  

 Staff assessment is performed annually, and upon completion of probation for new staff to evaluate 

their performance and provide them with a sense of self-awareness on their work performance and also 

to identify training opportunities that will improve their skills and abilities.  

 Staff recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, gender or religious preferences as a 

requirement.  

 Employment terms in the employment letter are explained to staff when they join the Group 

 








13 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

As human resource is a major contributing factor to our organization, ensuring our employees’ safety 

and health in the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate target is to have a zero-accident 

workplace. We are committed to reduce any risks related to safety and health through effective risk 

management. 

The Group recorded zero (FY2018: zero) workplace fatality and two minor non-fatal workplace injuries 

in FY2019. We will continuously work towards reducing both the occurrence and severity of workplace 

accidents. 

We have set up a Health and Safety and Environmental (“HSE”) Committee and established a strict set 

of policies and procedures. We have also developed and implemented an HSE Management System, 

and will continuously monitor and evaluate our HSE standards. 

 

Figure I shows the Company’s latest detailed HSE policy statement while the detailed Workplace Safety 

and Security Clauses are stated in the HSE Management System Manual and Procedure. This covers 

a standard procedure to identify hazards relating to HSE, to evaluate risks associated with these 

hazards and to ensure that appropriate actions by the designated personnel are taken to manage the 

risks involved, such as incident reporting, management of incident, investigation and follow up.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                               Figure I: Yinda Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.’s Health, Safety and Environmental Policy Statement 




14 

 

In FY2019, we had taken some new initiatives to prevent safety issues. We invest in internal and 

external training to raise the employees’ awareness and develop their skills to ensure safe operations.   

 

We organised internal First Aid Training and Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (“CPR”) training for workers 

on 13 April 2019. We have done the HSE Awareness programmes including fire-fighting training on the 

18 April 2019. HSE Slogan Competition was also conducted and award had been given out on the 

same day.  

 

The following is a list of our external training programmes conducted in FY2019: 

No. 

Course Name 

  Attendees 

Training Hours 

1 

Electrical Work Coretrade (Renewal) 

2 

8 

2 

Plumbing &amp; Pipin works coretrade (Renewal) 

1 

5 

3 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Construction Sites 

(CSOC) 

8 

136 

4 

Basic Tower Climbing Course 

2 

34 

5 

Construction Safety Orientation Course (Recertification) 

12 

120 

6 

Electrical Wiring Installation - Foreman 

3 

270 

7 

Operate Boom Lift 

1 

9 

8 

Operate Scissor Lift 

1 

9 

9 

Rescue After Fall course 

3 

26 

10 

SP Training Safety Course 

26 

117 

11 

Work at Height for Supervisor Course 

1 

23 

12 

WSQ-Supervise Construction Work for WSH (BCSS) 

12 

480 

13 

Managing Work-at-Heights Course 

3 

90 

14 

Develop a Risk Management Implementation Plan (bizSAFE 

level 2) 

3 

54 

15 

Contractor Supervisor Safety Course-GNR RQMTS &amp; 

NSWE&amp;CCL TRK 

3 

27 

16 

Contractor Supervisor Safety Course-GNR RQMTS &amp; 

NSWE&amp;CCL STN 

2 

18 

 

Total 

83 

1,426 

 

In both FY2019 and FY2018, HSE performance was monitored and evaluated monthly so that we could 

identify and monitor the hazards, implement the control measures to mitigate the risk to as low as 

reasonably practicable: 

 


15 

 

No. 

  Description                                                                  Year 

FY2019 

 

FY2018 

1 

 Excessive noise exposure hours per year (more than 85db) 

320 

         320 

2 

 Number of fatalities per year 

0 

0 

3 

 Number of lost time injuries per year  

2 

2 

4 

 Number of other reportable injuries per  

 year 

0 

0 

5 

 Number of first aid cases per year 

0 

0 

6 

 Number of accidental environmental 

 release per year 

0 

0 

 

 

Given that we value our employees’ health and safety as a priority within our organization, achieving 

affirmations through certifications and implementing the framework of required systems are vital to the 

Company. The implementation of these frameworks has enabled us to systematically identify, reduce 

and mitigate risks involved in our operations. 

 

During FY2019, we have obtained or renewed the following certificates:  

 

- 

ISO 9001:2015 (Valid from 28 June 2019 to 27 June 2022) for design, project management, 

implementation and maintenance for wireless telecommunication networks; 

- 

BizSAFE STAR (Valid till 11 March 2021); 

- 

OHSAS 18001:2007 (Valid from 27 October 2018 to 26 October 2021) for design, project 

management, implementation and maintenance for wireless telecommunication networks; 

- 

OHSAS 18001:2007 - SS506 Part 1:2009 (Valid from 28 September 2018 to 11 March 2021) 

for 

design, 

project 

management, 

implementation 

and 

maintenance 

for 

wireless 

telecommunication networks. 

 

 


16 

 

  

 

 

 

 










17 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Yinda Infocomm are committed to maintaining a high standard of 

corporate governance. The Company understands that good corporate governance is an integral 

element of a sound corporation, enabling it to be more transparent and forward-looking. Please refer to 

our Annual Report for FY2019, pages 14 to 38 for the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

Our overall Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (“SGTI”) score assessed by National 

University of Singapore Business School is 60 for FY2019 (FY2018: 50). This placed us within the 47% 

(FY2018: 62%) percentile of the public listed companies that were assessed.  

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are 

expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

Yinda Infocomm takes serious considerations of any possibilities of conflict of interest during our hiring 

procedures. Our Code of Conduct clearly states our expectations from our staff and the consequences 

if any of the rules are violated or standards are not met. We also have clear and fair grievance 

procedures. Our target is to ensure all allegations received are promptly addressed. During FY2019, 

there were no (FY2018: Nil) allegations received. 

 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must fully 

understand that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. 

Topics covered under the ethics training are comprised of the following: 

 

HONESTY To act honestly and in the best interest of the Company. 

 

INTEGRITY By doing what they think is right even when there is great pressure to do 

otherwise; they are principled, honourable and upright. 

 

PROMISE-KEEPING &amp; TRUSTWORTHINESS Make every reasonable effort to fulfil the 

letter and spirit of their promises and commitments. 

 

ACCOUNTABILITY Ethical executives acknowledge and accept personal accountability 

for the ethical quality of their decisions and omissions to themselves, their colleagues, their 

companies, and their communities. 

 

Yinda Infocomm regularly updates key staff on developments in international and local regulations. We 

are fully compliant with all environmental rules and regulations, confidentiality clauses, anti-competitive 

behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety.  

 


18 

 

Cyber security and data privacy are not only important for compliance, but also in safeguarding both 

our data and that of our customers. We have taken measures to guard against cyber risks for both our 

internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This 

policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and 

access to personal data are restricted to authorised persons or senior management on a need-to-know 

basis. 

For FY2019, there were no (FY2018: nil) significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance 

with laws and regulations. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is responsible for overseeing risk management, ensuring that the management maintains a 

sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders’ interests and the 

company’s assets. In addition, to determine the nature and extent of the significant risks which the 

Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.  

The Board oversees the management in its design, implementation and monitoring of the risk 

management and internal control systems, and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of such 

systems annually. The AC is supported by the management in the review of the Group’s business and 

operational environment in order to identify areas of significant business, financial, operational and 

compliance risks, as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks.  

We aim to ensure that timely and proper implementation of all required corrective, preventive or 

improvement measures are closely monitored. 

 

 


19 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organization 

YINDA INFOCOMM LIMITED 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

SR Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR Page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report pages 8, 55, 87, 88, 114 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR Page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

SR Page 3, Annual Report pages 41 - 

47 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR Pages 10-12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR Pages 3, 8-9 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain 

There were no significant changes. 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR Page 2  

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR Page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR Pages 17-18 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report pages 14-38 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR Page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Page 4 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report pages 8, 87-88 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR Page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

SR Page 6 and Annual Report pages 

48-50 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. No change in reporting. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 June 2018 to 31 May 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

30 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR Page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR Pages 19-20  

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR Page 6 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR Page 7 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

SR Page 7 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

SR Page 7 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR Page 8 


20 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 308: Supplier 

environmental 

assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

SR Pages 8-9 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

SR Pages 13-16 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR Pages 10-12 

 

 

 

