









Table of Contents

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the 

“Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including 

the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made in this Sustainability Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ong Hwee Li (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road,  

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.

Board Statement 

2

Organisational Profile 

3

Sustainability Approach 

4

Economic 

6

Environmental 

7

Social 

8

Governance 

14

GRI Standards Content Index 

16

01

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Board Statement

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

We are pleased to present the inaugural Sustainability Report of Yinda Infocomm Limited (“Yinda 

Infocomm”, or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year 

ended 31 May 2018 (“FY2018”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Catalist Listing Rules 711A and 711B, 

and references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. We have chosen to 

report using the GRI Standards because it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that 

covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures.

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related 

initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 June 2017 to 31 May 2018 as well as 

providing insights into the way we conduct business. For this report, we will only be covering the 

Group’s operation in Singapore. In line with the Group’s continued commitment to environmental 

sustainability, we hope to share more on our business in our subsequent reports.

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent 

third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data 

and information. The Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the 

management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination 

of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to contact@yinda.com.sg.

30 May 2019

The Board recognises that good governance is 

essential for continued growth and investors’ 

confidence, and that all businesses have to manage 

their own operations responsibly.

02

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Organisational Profile

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

03

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018

CMC Infocomm Limited was listed in August 2015 on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST. The Group was 

acquired by Yinda Pte. Ltd. through a mandatory general offer completed on 20 June 2017. The Group 

has subsequently been rebranded as Yinda Infocomm Limited with effect from 26 September 2017, 

to align with the parent company common identity which bodes well for corporate branding purposes.

Yinda Pte. Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Yinda Science and Technology Industrial 

Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai Yinda”). Shanghai Yinda is in turn held by Shanghai Yinda Technology Group 

Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai Yinda Group”). Shanghai Yinda Group is engaged in the information technology, 

telecommunications and related businesses. Yinda Pte. Ltd. currently holds 120,437,180 shares, 

representing approximately 79.23% of the total number of issued shares of the Company.

The Group is a regional integrated and innovative communication solutions and services provider 

with operations in Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines and Malaysia. Over the years, the Group has 

established a firm reputation in providing consistent and reliable solutions and services. With over 20 

years of experience in the telecommunications industry, Yinda Infocomm has completed numerous 

projects in Singapore, the Philippines and Thailand since 2011.

Our capabilities include:

IN-BUILDING COVERAGE

Provision of full turnkey in-building coverage services from planning and design to construction and 

implementation of customers’ indoor mobile network infrastructure;

OUTDOOR CONSTRUCTION

Provision of full turnkey services from planning and design to construction and implementation of 

customers’ outdoor mobile network infrastructure;

TELECOMMUNICATIONS IMPLEMENTATION

Provision of telecommunications implementation works for the installation and commissioning of 

radio base transceiver stations; and

MAINTENANCE SERVICES

Provision of corrective and preventive maintenance services to ensure network reliability and minimal 

network disruptions.


Sustainability Approach

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms

Frequency

Suppliers

Vendor assessment

Annually

Emails/Calls

Continuously

Face-to-face meetings

Continuously

Shareholders

Annual General Meeting/

Extraordinary General Meeting

Annually

Annual report

Annually

Announcement

Continuously

Websites-Investor Relationship

Continuously

Customers

Face-to-face meetings

Continuously

Email feedback

Continuously

Customer cold calls

Continuously

Employees

Staff appraisal

Continuously

Whistle blowing policy updates

Annually

Department &amp; management meetings

Continuously

Staff bonding sessions

Continuously

Board

Board meetings

Half yearly

Board circulation via emails

Continuously

Board lunches and meetings

Half yearly

Government and Regulators

Regular reports

Continuously

Websites

Continuously

Calls

Continuously

Plan and 

Scope

Engage

Stakeholders

Assess

Materiality

Collect Data

Report





04

Yinda Infocomm Limited










Sustainability Approach

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Our sustainability reporting process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. The relevant 

aspects are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subjected to validation. The end 

result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which 

are as shown below:

TARGETS

This is our inaugural report and we are currently in the process of improving and refining our data 

collection methods so as to obtain meaningful and reliable data to track and provide the basis for us 

to determine trends for the purpose of setting targets. Accordingly, we have deferred the process of 

target setting until later when adequate data is available to set reasonable targets.

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year internally. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for ranking of 

these topics according to priority. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, 

incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements.

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL

Environmental Compliance

Supplier Environmental Assessment

GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance

Business Ethics and Compliance 

Enterprise Risk Management

SOCIAL 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Occupational Health and Safety









IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

05

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Economic

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Yinda Infocomm firmly believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully 

committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is that 

long-term profitability and shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account the interests of all 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.

FY2018 has been a significant year to the Group as this was the first financial year after the completion 

of the mandatory unconditional cash offer by Yinda Pte. Ltd. which brought about an entirely new 

management team and Board of Directors.

Amidst the challenges of restructuring the Group which included the realignment of work processes 

and procedures under the new management team, adapting to local work cultures, as well as working 

towards the new strategic direction imposed by the new Board, the Group has done relatively well in 

terms of achieving a revenue growth of 17.3% in FY2018.

For detailed financial results, please refer to our FY2018 Annual Report, pages 41 to 93.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s directors, 

officers, employees, and external suppliers and business partners. Our whistleblowing email was set 

up so that anyone wanting to report any issue on corruption can do so confidentially. Any report of 

corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee (“AC”).

There has been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period.

Whistle-blowing Policy

The Group has implemented a whistle-blowing policy. The policy aims to provide an avenue for 

employees and external parties to raise concerns about misconduct or improprieties in the Group 

and at the same time assure them that they will be protected from victimisation for whistle-blowing 

in good faith. Cases that are significant are reviewed by the AC for adequacy of investigation actions 

and resolutions. The Company has provided the email address – whistleblow@yinda.com.sg which is 

accessible by the Lead Independent Director on the Company’s website to allow external parties to 

raise any concerns they may have.

06

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Environmental

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

Yinda Infocomm endeavors to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment. 

We are committed to reducing any carbon footprint and consumption of natural resources in all 

possible aspects of business operations. We encourage the use of renewable materials and resources, 

and where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. We avoid any unnecessary use of 

hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the environment when such 

materials must be used, stored or disposed of.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Here at Yinda Infocomm, we view compliance with relevant codes and regulations on environmental 

issues as mandatory. The Group has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure 

compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and prevent environmental pollution and resource 

depletion with due diligence. We have compiled a Legal &amp; Other Requirements Register for relevant 

legal and other requirements that the Group needs to comply with. For example, we are in compliance 

with the Environmental Public Health Act and Regulations and Smoking Act. We have taken steps at all 

work sites to ensure the requirements are met throughout the duration of the projects.

In FY2018, there were zero incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions.

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

Yinda Infocomm will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders, 

such as suppliers and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. The Group also performs an 

assessment when screening new vendors to check that they are providing high quality and green 

products. The procurement team is responsible for gathering and verifying information on new suppliers 

in terms of quality of products and services, having resources to meet requirements, responsiveness of 

the vendor or subcontractors, product certification and records, et cetera.

The Group aspires to continuously promote and integrate sustainability in our business operations 

and taking stakeholders’ interest in our considerations. EESG factors are integrated in our value and 

supply chain as our sustainability efforts progressively mature. Moreover, Yinda Infocomm pledges 

to sustainable business practices across its supply chain, from our subsidiaries to suppliers. The 

Group trusts that sustainable supply chain management drives organizational excellence and delivers 

desirable business results to the stakeholders. This includes completion of “Supplier Evaluation 

Procedure” to reduce the risk that a supplier’s products do not meet the Company’s requirements. 

We will make an annual assessment for the key suppliers to ensure that there are multiple suppliers 

for important telecommunications equipment or materials and to ensure the stability of the supply of 

goods to further reduce the procurement risks.

Going forward, our target is to ensure that all new suppliers will be screened and selected in accordance 

to their conduct which can be evaluated against an environmental assessment.

07

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Social

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

The employees of the Group are one of the most important assets to the Group. Their contributions 

and support are valued at all times. As such, we conduct regular reviews on compensations and 

benefit policies according to industry benchmark, financial results as well as individual performance 

of employees. Other fringe benefits and pension funds contributions are provided to retain loyal 

employees with the aim to form a professional staff and management team that can bring the Group to 

new levels of success. Staff satisfaction is evident with the recently lowered staff turnover. Furthermore, 

the Group places great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regards excellent 

employees as a key factor in remaining competitive.

We respect human rights and support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour. The Group does not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation.

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

A diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality.

As at 31 May 2018, we had a workforce of 113 full-time employees for our operations in Singapore. 

Our headcounts were distributed as follows:

40%

GENDER

AGE

8%

52%

82%

18%

Figure A: Headcount distribution by gender

Female

Male

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

Figure B: Headcount distribution by age

08

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Social

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual for our industry due 

to the nature of the business.

Every employee plays an essential role in our Company and we pay utmost attention to our employee’s 

wellbeing. On 5 May 2018, we organised a family day walk along the Southern Ridges and Labrador 

Reserve with 30 participants and a buffet dinner after the 2.5 hours team-bonding journey. In 

December 2018, we organised a Christmas dinner buffet for the employees and a karaoke session in 

the office with 40 participants.

16%

NATIONALITY

LENGTH OF SERVICES

5%

79%

29%

5%

Figure C: Headcount distribution by nationality

Bangladeshi

Indian

&lt;5 years

10-15 years

&gt;15 years

Figure D: Headcount distribution by length of service

7%

11%

35%

10%

3%

Malaysian

Burmese

Filipino

Chinese

Singaporean

0%

5-10 years





09

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Social

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

To promote equal opportunity, we have implemented various human resource measures as follows: 

♣ Staff assessment is performed annually and upon completion of probation for new staff to evaluate 

their performance and provide them with a sense of self-awareness on their work performance 

and also to identify training opportunities that will improve their skills and abilities.

♣ Staff recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, gender or religious preferences as a 

requirement.

♣ Employment terms in the employment letter are explained to staff when they join the Group.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

As human resource is a major contributing factor to our organization, ensuring our employees’ safety 

and health in the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate target is to have a zero-

accident workplace. We are committed to reduce any risks to safety and health through effective risk 

management.

The Group recorded zero workplace fatality and zero non-fatal workplace injury in FY2018. We will 

continuously work towards reducing both the occurrence and severity of workplace accidents.

We have set up an Environment, Health and Safety (“EHS”) Committee and established a strict set of 

policies and procedures. We have also developed and implemented an EHS Management System, and 

will continuously monitor and evaluate our EHS standards.





10

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Social

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

Figure E shows the detailed EHS policy statement of Yinda Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd. while the 

detailed Workplace Safety and Security Clauses are stated in the EHS Management System Procedure. 

This covers a standard procedure to identify hazards relating to EHS, to evaluate risks associated with 

these hazards and to ensure that appropriate actions by the designated personnel are taken to manage 

the risks involved, such as incident reporting, management of incident, investigation and follow up.



Figure E: Yinda Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.'s  Environment, Health and Safety Policy Statement

11

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Social

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

In FY2018, EHS performance was monitored and evaluated monthly so that we could identify and 

monitor the hazards, implement the control measures to mitigate the risk to as low as reasonably 

practicable:

Given that we value our employees’ health and safety as a priority within our organization, achieving 

affirmations through certifications and implementing the framework of required systems are vital to 

the Company. The implementation of these frameworks have enabled us to systematically identify, 

reduce and mitigate risks involved in our operations.

During FY2018, we have obtained or renewed the following certificates:

– 

ISO 9001:2015 (Valid from 18 August 2018 to 14 June 2019) for design, project management, 

implementation and maintenance for wireless telecommunication networks;

– 

BizSAFE STAR (Valid till 11 March 2021);

– 

OHSAS 18001:2007 (Valid from 27 October 2018 to 26 October 2021) for design, project 

management, implementation and maintenance for wireless telecommunication networks;

– 

OHSAS 18001:2007 – SS506 Part 1:2009 (Valid from 28 September 2018 to 11 March 2021) 

for design, project management, implementation and maintenance for wireless telecommunication 

networks.

No.

Description 

Year

FY2018

1

Excessive noise exposure hours per year (more than 85db)

320

2

Number of fatalities per year

0

3

Number of lost time injuries per year

2

4

Number of other reportable injuries per year

0

5

Number of first aid cases per year

0

6

Number of accidental environmental release per year

0

12

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Social

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index









13

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


Governance

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board and the management of Yinda Infocomm is committed to maintaining a high standard 

of corporate governance. The Company understands that good corporate governance is an integral 

element of a sound corporation, enabling it to be more transparent and forward-looking. Please refer 

to our 2018 Annual Report, pages 13 to 31 for the Group’s Corporate Governance Report.

Our overall Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (“SGTI”) score assessed by National 

University of Singapore Business School has increased from 42 in FY2017 to 50 for FY2018. This 

placed us within the 62 percentile of the public listed companies that were assessed.

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE

Yinda Infocomm takes serious considerations of any possibilities of conflict of interest during our 

hiring procedures. Our Code of Conduct clearly states our expectations from our staff and the 

consequences if any of the rules are violated or standards are not met. We also have clear and fair 

grievance procedures. Our target is to ensure all allegations received are promptly addressed. During 

the year, there were no allegations received.

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must fully 

understand that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. 

Topics covered under the ethics training are comprised of the following:

• 

HONESTY. To act honestly and in the best interest of the Company.

• 

INTEGRITY. By doing what they think is right even when there is great pressure to do otherwise; 

they are principled, honorable and upright.

• 

PROMISE-KEEPING &amp; TRUSTWORTHINESS. Make every reasonable effort to fulfill the letter 

and spirit of their promises and commitments.

• 

ACCOUNTABILITY. Ethical executives acknowledge and accept personal accountability for the 

ethical quality of their decisions and omissions to themselves, their colleagues, their companies, 

and their communities.

Yinda Infocomm regularly updates key staff on developments in international and local regulations. 

We are fully compliant with all environmental rules and regulations, confidentiality clauses, anti-

competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety.

Cyber security and data privacy are not only important for compliance, but also in safeguarding both 

our data and that of our customers. We have taken measures to guard against cyber risks for both our 

internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This 

policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants are safeguarded 

and access to personal data are restricted to authorised persons or senior management on a need-

to-know basis.

For FY2018, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and regulations.

14

Yinda Infocomm Limited


Governance

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for overseeing risk management, ensuring that the management maintains a 

sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders’ interests and the 

Company’s assets. In addition, to determine the nature and extent of the significant risks which the 

Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.

The Board oversees the management in its design, implementation and monitoring of the risk 

management and internal control systems, and reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of such 

systems annually. The AC is supported by the management in the review of the Group’s business and 

operational environment in order to identify areas of significant business, financial, operational and 

compliance risks, as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. The timely and 

proper implementation of all required corrective, preventive or improvement measures are closely 

monitored.

15

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018


GRI Standards Content Index

Board Statement | Organisational Profile | Sustainability Approach | 

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference/Description

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organization

YINDA INFOCOMM 

LIMITED

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 3

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

Page 3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report  

pages 8, 48, 71-72

102-6

Markets served

Page 3

102-7

Scale of the organization

Pages 3 and 8

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Pages 8-9

102-9

Supply chain

Page 7

102-10

Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain

Not applicable

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

None

102-12

External initiatives

None

102-13

Membership of associations

None

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 2

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Pages 14

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report 

pages 13-31

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 4

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 4

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 4

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

To be reported in 

FY2019 report.

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report pages 8, 

71-72

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Page 2

16

Yinda Infocomm Limited


GRI Standards Content Index

Economic | Environmental | Social | Governance | GRI Standards Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference/Description

102-47

List of material topics

Page 5

102-48

Restatement of information

Not applicable. 

No restatement of 

information.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable.  

No change in reporting.

102-50

Reporting period

1 June 2017 to  

31 May 2018

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

No applicable as this is 

our inaugural report.

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about the 

report

Page 2

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 2

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 16-17

102-56

External assurance

We may seek external 

assurance in the future.

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 6

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption 2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 6

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 7

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

environmental 

assessment 2016

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Page 7

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

2018

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Pages 10-13

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Pages 8-10

17

S U STAI N ABI L I TY  RE PO RT 2018






Yinda Infocomm Limited

5008 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5 #04-07 Techplace II Singapore 569874

Tel: +65 6654 1200     Fax: +65 6747 8631     Website: www.yinda.com.sg





