
 

 

YING LI INTERNATIONAL REAL ESTATE LIMITED 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 






 

 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

2 

CONTENTS 

BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

INTRODUCTION 

4 

THE BUSINESS OF ESG IN THE GLOBAL MARKET 

4 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS AND REPORTING FRAMEWORKS 

5 

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS: OPERATIONAL FOOTPRINT 

9 

BIODIVERSITY AND LAND MANAGEMENT 

13 

SUSTAINABILITY SERVICES 

13 

SOCIAL IMPACTS 

15 

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 

15 

HEALTH AND SAFETY 

16 

SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 

16 

GOVERNANCE 

17 

DUAL BROKERAGE 

17 

APPRAISAL SERVICES 

17 

TARGETS AND POLICIES 

18 

APPENDICES 

19 

CALCULATING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 

19 

REFERENCES 

19 

 

 

 

 


 

 

3 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (“Ying Li” or “the Company”) is committed 

to balancing commercial viability with our responsibility to protect the environment 

and the communities of which we are a part of. 2018 saw our first sustainability 

report which we proudly presented after developing a detailed materiality review 

to ensure we capture all environmental, social and governance issues relevant to 

our business and stakeholders. 2019 builds upon this report to reflect ongoing 

performance and opportunity. 

Ying Li has long prided itself on environmentally friendly design, with a group 

philosophy to contribute back what it has gained from society and the environment, 

to build a sustainable future together. Sustainability is integrated into our 

properties and management, as well as our own onsite operations. This is achieved 

by sourcing construction materials that aim for energy-saving and low carbon 

emission standards and ensure that our construction activities do not damage the 

environment. 

Construction 

technologies 

and 

processes 

integrate 

green 

environmental standards to minimise air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions.   

Ying Li’s responsible practices are achieved while maintaining business excellence 

and delivering projects of the highest quality. This report highlights the 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance for the financial year 

2018. It is the second such report, showing year-on-year performance across all 

material impacts relevant to the Company and further identifying improvement 

opportunity. It incorporates targets to help Ying Li continue to improve and achieve 

best practice across all activities.    

The Board recognises and values the importance of the sustainable performance of 

Ying Li and oversees all sustainability factors and policies.  

 

 

The Board 

recognises and 

values the 

importance of the 

sustainable 

performance of Ying 

Li and oversees all 

sustainability factors 

and policies. 


 

 

 

4 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

INTRODUCTION  

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited is a Chongqing-based property developer, 

principally engaged in the development, sale, rental, management and long-term 

ownership of high-quality commercial, residential and bespoke properties in the 

prime locations of Chongqing. 

Ying Li is listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange (“SGX-ST”) under the 

stock code 5DM.  

This ESG report covers Ying Li’s owned operations for the financial year from 1st Jan 

2018 to 31st Dec 2018. 

THE BUSINESS OF ESG IN THE GLOBAL MARKET  

Business across the globe is increasing aware that sustainable business practice 

requires responsible environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices. The 

concept of sustainable finance has been embraced by a growing number of market 

participants and policy makers, but there is still more to be done (SASB, 2018). 

Investment buildings consume around 40% of the world’s energy and contribute up 

to 30% of its annual greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. If current trends continue 

sector related energy consumption looks to double by 2050 (PRI, 2016). 

Furthermore, increase in the number and intensity of severe weather-related 

events, such as hurricanes and flooding, has demonstrated more clearly the real 

risks that climate change presents to real estate (Urban Land Institute, 2019).  

This is not only damaging to the planet, but costly for businesses and tenants alike.  

Real estate owners and asset managers urgently need to address the issues, to 

maintain own operations as well as help achieve required GHG emissions reduction 

to slow climate change (IIGCC, 2016). Ying Li is operating a strong, sustainable brand 

and has the opportunity to promote this through quantified data and transparent 

ESG management. Green buildings consume less energy use and are typically more 

cost effective, which means potential cost saving opportunities for tenants.  

Actively managing ESG issues provides companies with long term financial and 

social stability. Focusing on material sustainability issues will allow companies to 

positively impact their growth both in terms of profit and customer bases, while 

failure to address externalities can cause immense harm to the Company’s 

reputation and profitability.  

 

..increase in the 

number and 

intensity of severe 

weather-related 

events, such as 

hurricanes and 

flooding, has 

demonstrated more 

clearly the real risks 

that climate change 

presents to real 

estate. 


 

 

 

5 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS AND REPORTING 

FRAMEWORKS 

ESG assessment can cover a vast range of different topics, and as such it is 

important for companies to focus in on identifying issues important to specific 

company activity, to help identify those areas in which further opportunity or risk 

lies. Ying Li recognizes material issues include those relevant to the financial 

operation of its business, as well as stakeholders such as investors, tenants and 

society.   

This report focuses both the operational office space of Ying Li, but also the floor 

space leased by tenants. While direct control of impacts of its leased properties is 

not possible for Ying Li, it is able to influence good practice through guidance, 

provision of good equipment and facilities, and appropriate maintenance of sites.  

When considering materiality, Ying Li employed world-leading environmental data 

analysts, Trucost, part of S&amp;P Global, to conduct a two-phase assessment in 2018. 

During the initial assessment phase, Trucost considered all sector-level materiality 

to identify all issues relevant to companies operating in the sector. These themes 

were identified using the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Real 

Estate Services standard, investor trend review and a wider literature review.  

Sector-level materiality was identified and refined based on specific practices of the 

Company. Many of these issues are not applicable to Ying Li due to its specific 

operations. In 2019, Trucost revisited the materiality review and repeated the 

exercise, though no new material impacts were identified. 

The graphic below highlights the material ESG issues identified for Ying Li. Sector 

material issues that are not relevant to Ying Li, but were considered, are 

represented with dark grey shading, while issues that are immaterial for sector and 

operations are coloured light grey.  

..it is important for 

companies to focus 

in on identifying 

issues important to 

specific company 

activity, to help 

identify those areas 

in which further 

opportunity or risk 

lies. 


 

 

 

6 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

EXHIBIT 1: MATERIAL ESG ISSUES FOR YING LI OPERATIONS 

 

Source: Trucost analysis with input from SASB materiality review  

The majority of the issues are focused around the management of the properties 

within Ying Li’s portfolio. This includes energy, GHG and water management. While 

land management and biodiversity can be critical factors to consider for the sector 

in general, these are largely outside of Ying Li’s remit and control due to majority 

of operations conducted for third parties, giving Ying Li limited influence over land 

selection.  

Exhibit 2 displays where these themes are reported within this report.  

 

 




 

 

 

7 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

EXHIBIT 2: ESG METRICS AND RELEVANCE TO COMPANY REPORT 

TOPIC 

ACCOUNTING METRIC 

STATUS 

Environmental 

footprint of 

own offices 

Total energy consumption, percentage of 

grid electricity and renewable energy 

Included, exhibit 3, page 11 

Water withdrawn, percentage recycled, 

percentage from regions with High or 

Extremely High Baseline Water Stress 

Partially included, exhibits 3 

and 6, pages 11 and 13 

Waste generated by type and management 

processes 

Partially included, exhibit 3, 

page 11 

GHG emissions, by scope 

Included, exhibits 3, 4 and 6, 

pages 11 and 12 

Recruiting and 

Managing a 

Global, 

Diversified 

Workforce 

Number of employees 

Included, page 14 

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group 

representation for executive roles and other 

employees 

Partially included, exhibit 8, 

page 15 

Training provided to employees, by role type 

Included, exhibit 9, page 15 

Sustainability 

Services 

Revenue from energy and sustainability 

services1 

Explanation given, page 13 

(1) Floor area and (2) number of buildings 

under management provided with energy and 

sustainability services 

Explanation given, page 13 

(1) Floor area and (2) number of buildings 

under management that obtained an energy 

rating 

Explanation given, page 13 

Energy 

management 

Energy consumption data coverage as a 

percentage of floor area, by property 

subsector 

Partially included, exhibit 5, 

page 12 

Total energy consumed by portfolio area 

with data coverage, percentage grid 

electricity, and percentage renewable, each 

by property subsector 

Partially included, exhibit 5, 

page 12 

Like-for-like change in energy consumption 

of portfolio area with data coverage, by 

property subsector 

First year of reporting, to be 

included in 2019 report 

Percentage of eligible portfolio that , page 

11.1) has obtained an energy rating and (2) is 

certified to ENERGY STAR® , by property 

subsector 

Equivalent included, page 11  

Description of how building energy 

management considerations are integrated 

into property investment analysis and 

operational strategy 

Equivalent included, page 13 

 

 

1 Energy and sustainability services are defined as services provided to clients directly related to resource 

efficiency (including energy, water, and waste), utility data management, energy procurement, obtaining 

and retaining sustainability and resource-related certifications, environmental reporting, and corporate 

sustainability consulting and training. 


 

 

 

8 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

TOPIC 

ACCOUNTING METRIC 

STATUS 

Water 

management 

Water withdrawal data coverage as a 

percentage of total floor area and percentage 

in regions with High or Extremely High 

Baseline Water Stress, each by property 

subsector 

Partially included, page 13 

Total water withdrawn by portfolio area with 

data coverage and percentage in regions with 

High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, 

each by property subsector 

Partially included, page 13 

Like-for-like change in water withdrawn for 

portfolio area with data coverage, by property 

subsector 

Included, exhibit 7, page 12 

Discussion of water management risks and 

description of strategies and practices to 

mitigate those risks 

Partially included, page 12 &amp; 

13 

Land 

Degradation, 

Contamination 

and 

Remediation 

Policy on planning for, and/or managing, land 

assessment and remediation. 

Not included as outside of Ying 

Li direct control. See page 13 

for details of land 

management 

Policy on management and/or remediation of 

contamination or harmful materials such as 

asbestos, lead, chromium, mercury and man-

made mineral fibres. 

Not included as outside of Ying 

Li direct control. See page 13 

for details of land 

management 

Policy and practices to identify risk of 

contamination and the containment or 

remediation strategies deployed. 

Not included as outside of Ying 

Li direct control. See page 13 

for details of land 

management 

Transparent 

Information &amp; 

Management of 

Conflict of 

Interest 

Brokerage revenue from dual agency 

transactions 

Included, ‘Governance’ 

section, page 17 

Revenue from transactions associated with 

appraisal services 

Included, ‘Governance’ 

section, page 17 

Amount of legal and regulatory fines and 

settlements associated with professional 

integrity or duty of care 

Included, ‘Governance’ 

section, page 17 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

9 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS: OPERATIONAL FOOTPRINT  

Ying Li considers environmental responsibility to be critical to the successful 

operation of its business. Ying Li presents itself as a high-quality corporation 

focused around design, premium quality, eco-friendly features and rich user-

experience in commercial property developments. As such, it is critical in a period 

of increasing scrutiny of practice that public, transparent ESG reporting is in place. 

For the purposes of this report, GHG emissions to air are reported in line with the 

Greenhouse Gas Protocol, an international corporate accounting and reporting 

framework developed by the World Resources Institute and the World Business 

Council for Sustainable Development. The Greenhouse Gas Protocol differentiates 

between direct and indirect emissions using a classification system across 3 

different scopes:  

• 

Scope 1 includes direct emissions from sources which a company owns or 

controls. This includes direct emissions from fuel combustion and industrial 

processes.  

• 

Scope 2 covers indirect emissions relating solely to the generation of 

purchased electricity that is consumed by the owned or controlled 

equipment or operations of the Company. 

• 

Scope 3 covers other indirect emissions including third-party provided 

business travel. No scope 3 impacts are included within this report. 

 

 

GHG emissions to air 

are reported in line 

with the 

Greenhouse Gas 

Protocol. Ying Li’s 

GHG emissions are 

dominated by 

purchased 

electricity, 

responsible for over 

93% of its total 

footprint.  


 

 

 

10 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

EXHIBIT 3: GROUP ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS 

Item 

Units 

Quantity 

Energy use 

Purchased electricity 

MWh 

27,039 

Natural gas consumption 

m3 

678,713 

Company vehicles 

Distance travelled  

km 

149,633 

Petrol consumption 

Litres 

20,550 

Greenhouse gases 

Scope 1 

tCO2e 

1,434 

Scope 2 (location-based) 

tCO2e 

17,035 

Scope 2 (market-based) 

tCO2e 

17,035 

Water consumption 

Operational 

m3 

323,879 

Waste generation 

Onsite 

MT 

1,706 

Construction 

MT 

2,480 

 

Currently only natural gas and grid electricity are used onsite. The International 

Energy Agency emission factor is used to determine GHG emissions associated with 

purchased electricity in China.  

Ying Li has Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification 

incorporated into its sites where possible, with 42% of the Ying Li portfolio LEED 

certified. LEED is the most widely used green building rating system in the world 

and LEED certified buildings save energy, water, resources, generate less waste and 

support human health (USGBC, 2018). 


 

 

 

11 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

EXHIBIT 4: GHG EMISSIONS BY SCOPE 

 

The majority of GHG emissions from Ying Li operations are associated with 

electricity use - 92% of the captured GHG emissions are associated with purchased 

electricity across the sites, with comparatively little emissions from direct fuel use 

within either the retail or office space owned by Ying Li.  

EXHIBIT 5: ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION BY BUILDING TYPE 

 

Electricity use across all sites has remained consistent since 2017, though 

individually office consumption has decreased by 11%, though from a small base, 

while retail use increased by 2%. Office consumption of electricity is significantly 

lower than that used in retail, but this is largely due to total floor space, with 

intensity (electricity used per m2) 24% lower for office buildings than retail. 






 

 

 

12 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Natural gas is also used onsite, though as shown in exhibit 4, only 8% of emissions 

are associated with this. This is relatively consistent across both office and retail. 

EXHIBIT 6: TOTAL GHG EMISSION BY BUILDING TYPE 

 

Water use has decreased by 3% since 2017, with a total of 323,879 m3 of water 

consumed across all sites, compared to 333,633 m3 consumed in 2017.  

EXHIBIT 7: WATER CONSUMPTION BY LOCATION 

 

 

Activities across Ying Li’s operations in both owned properties are not water 

intensive, largely limited to domestic uses such as hand basins and toilets. As such, 

water use varies depending on number of users – either office workers or retail 

users. Water is supplied from mains and no direct abstraction is undertaken.     

Water intensity is lower in office space than retail space, with 1.5 m3 per m2  

compared to 1.8 m3 per m2. This is a reversal of 2017 due to decreased water 






 

 

 

13 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

consumption in office space against an increase in use at the retail sites, linked to a 

reduction in the number of employees in the company.  

BIODIVERSITY AND LAND MANAGEMENT 

All of Ying Li’s development projects are within the land allocated by the municipal 

government of Chongqing for residential and/or commercial use. As such, selection 

and assessment of land for development is often outside of its primary remit. With 

proper land planning taking into account the environmental stakes by the municipal 

government of Chongqing, natural resources and ecological communities are not 

exploited or endangered. 

In addition, much of Ying Li’s focus has been on urban renewal, transforming areas 

of old Chongqing districts into high-value urban integrated commercial 

developments of office space and shopping malls. Through this focus, Ying Li has 

aided the enhancement of the viability and liveability of those areas, utilising and 

enhancing the existing environment while retaining the character of the sites. 

SUSTAINABILITY SERVICES 

Ying Li continues to use energy conservation and emission reduction measures and 

actions, and to provide customers with some of the services related to sustainable 

development. Ying Li does not directly offer sustainability services as a paid 

function, therefore this is not an applicable metric for inclusion.  

Some examples of how this has been achieved with tenants are included below:  

• 

Tenants are provided data analysis of their water and electricity usage to 

help tenants to control usage within the reasonable range. The payment of 

utilities is borne by the tenant but the tenants will make the payment out 

to the property management which will then send the payment to the 

utility company.  

• 

The Company will communicate with new tenants on energy-saving 

measures before the opening of their stores/office aimed to improve the 

overall energy-saving target of the whole IFC development (mall and 

offices). 

• 

The Company has been advocating water conservation, electricity saving, 

energy conservation as well as environmental protection. This includes use 

of guidance signs in common areas, including toilets to remind shoppers 

and tenants of the overarching green movement. 


 

 

 

14 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Furthermore, Ying Li has developed a series of initiatives to ensure buildings are 

well-equipped to minimise resource use. This includes: 

• 

Ongoing activities related to sustainable development certification and 

training or consultation on sustainable development. This includes LEED 

certification of sites where possible. 

• 

Appropriate insulation and ventilation to minimise artificial heating and 

cooling requirements. 

• 

Adopting energy efficient technologies such as smart lighting, energy 

efficient bulbs, exhaust heat recycling systems and recycled water systems 

for air conditioning.  

 

 

 


 

 

 

15 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

SOCIAL IMPACTS 

Successful business is not possible without the people underpinning it, and Ying Li 

recognizes the importance of supporting its workforce. It embraces diversity and 

understands the value of empowerment and inclusion. Ying Li’s track record of 

consistent growth would not have been possible without the talents and hard work 

of its employees at all levels, from top management to ground level operations and 

administrative staff.  

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 

As of 31 December 2018, Ying Li employed a total of 103 full-time employees, 

approximately 50% of whom are female. The Company strictly complies with 

relevant domestic laws and regulations to ensure that men and women employ 

workers in a fair manner and that employment discrimination is strictly prohibited.  

EXHIBIT 8: GROUP DIVERSITY AND EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATION 

Item 

Executive 

Non-executive 

Average 

Gender of employees 

Male 

71% 

49% 

50% 

Female 

29% 

51% 

50% 

Age diversity 

 

 

 

Under 30  

0% 

14% 

13% 

30-50 

29% 

75% 

72% 

Over 50 

71% 

11% 

162% 

 

Ying Li has in place an effective human resource management system with the focus 

on skills training and development for all staff, to ensure that they will have the 

continuous improvement in their skills set to support the company’s growth. Ying 

Li recognizes the importance on personal development of employees to encourage 

individuals to excel and promote enjoyment and strong morale in the work 

environment.  

EXHIBIT 9: TRAINING PROVIDED TO YING LI EMPLOYEES PER YEAR 

Item 

Quantity 

Average number of hours of training per employee (hours) 

3.5 

Total expenditure on employee training (in RMB) 

35,000  

 

 

2 Note that numbers are rounded to nearest integer and as such the sum does not equal 

100% 


 

 

 

16 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Though the average number of hours provided per employee has decreased since 

2017, the value of the training has increased.  

Training provided to staff includes internal, external and induction training.  

HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Ying Li considers the health and well-being of its staff to be paramount. As per 2017, 

it continues to maintain a zero injury and fatality record onsite. Ying Li offer 

company-wide fitness programmes to provide wellness care and team bonding 

such as basketball, badminton, outdoor climbing and team trips.  

EXHIBIT 10: GROUP HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Item 

Number 

Per 100 staff 

Recorded Injuries 

0 

0 

Exposure to hazardous substance 

0 

0 

 

SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT 

Ying Li encourages all staff to be active and socially responsible by participating in 

charity programmes for the less privileged in society, volunteering their time and 

work for natural disaster assistance programmes, educational assistance programs 

and environmental enhancement initiatives. 

 

 


 

 

 

17 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GOVERNANCE 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is committed to ensuring that the highest 

standards of corporate governance are practiced throughout Ying Li International 

Real Estate Limited and its subsidiaries as a fundamental part of its responsibilities 

to protect and enhance shareholder value and the financial performance of the 

Company. 

The Board objectively makes decisions in the interests of the Company and has 

delegated specific responsibilities to three Board Committees, namely: 

(1) Audit Committee (“AC”) 

(2) Nominating Committee (“NC”) 

(3) Remuneration Committee (“RC”) 

The Board accepts that while these Board Committees have the authority to 

examine particular issues and will report back to the Board with their decisions 

and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility for all matters lies with the 

Board. The effectiveness of each Board Committee is also constantly monitored by 

the Board. 

DUAL BROKERAGE 

Ying Li does not have any dual brokerage activity, and in any circumstance where 

the potential conflict of interest may arise, a third party agency is sought to act on 

the behalf of the buyer/seller as appropriate.  

APPRAISAL SERVICES 

Ying Li does not offer any appraisal services directly and as such receives no revenue 

from such activity. 

LEGAL AND REGULATORY FINES 

Ying Li has not been issued any legal or regulatory fines or settlements associated 

with professional integrity or duty of care in the reporting year.  

 

 

The Board is 

committed to ensuring 

that the highest 

standards of corporate 

governance are 

practiced throughout 

Ying Li International 

Real Estate. 


 

 

 

18 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

TARGETS AND POLICIES 

There are limited direct impacts associated with Ying Li operation, though it has 

some influence associated with the management and operations of the buildings it 

owns. Many impacts are associated with tenant activity and as such, Ying Li does 

not have full control, though does have an influence through building design, 

sustainability services and advice.  

The most significant environmental impact associated with direct operations of Ying 

Li is the electricity purchased, associated with over 92% of the carbon footprint.  

The following targets are set:  

• 

Review energy use and consider reduction and efficiency opportunities 

• 

Review water use across all properties, including water sources and scarcity 

• 

Review generation of waste and consider reduction opportunities 

• 

Continue to commit to a safe and healthy workplace 

• 

Look into enhancing employee training and development 

The most significant 

environmental 

impact associated 

with direct 

operations of Ying Li 

is the electricity 

purchased, 

associated with over 

92% of the carbon 

footprint. 




 

 

19 

Ying Li International Real Estate Limited  

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

APPENDICES  

 

CALCULATING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 

Different GHGs have different Global Warming Potentials (GWP) 3  or abilities to contribute to rising 

temperatures. Data is standardised by converting the different greenhouse gases into their carbon dioxide 

equivalent according to the GWP index published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)4. 

The index identifies the radiative effects of different GHGs in the atmosphere relative to an equal mass of 

CO2 over a 100-year timeframe. GWP enables all the GHGs to be expressed in terms of CO2 equivalents, or 

CO2e. Trucost derived quantities of GHG emissions from data on operational and vehicle fuel consumption, 

electricity use and business travel.  

 

REFERENCES 

IIGCC (2016) Sustainable Real Estate Investment Implementing The Paris Climate Agreement: An Action 

Framework Available online http://iigcc.org/files/publication-

files/Sustainable_Real_Estate_Investment_Framework_website.compressed.pdf [Accessed 04/01/2018] 

PRI (2016) Sustainable Real Estate Investments Available online from 

http://www.unepfi.org/publications/investment-publications/property-publications/sustainable-real-

estate-investment-2/ [Accessed 17/07/2017] 

SASB and CDSB (2018) Climate Risk: From Principles to Practice – Phase 1. 

Urban Land Institute (2019) Climate risk and real estate investment decision making Available from: 

https://europe.uli.org/climate-risk-and-real-estate-investment-decision-making/ [Accessed 29/04/2019] 

U.S. Green Building Council (2018) LEED is green building Available from: https://new.usgbc.org/leed#how-

leed-works [Accessed 13/03/2018] 

 

 

 

3 Global Warming Potential (GWP) is the ratio of the warming of the atmosphere caused by one substance to that caused by a similar 

mass of carbon dioxide which is assigned a reference value of 1. 

4 The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is a scientific intergovernmental body set up by the World Meteorological 

Organisation (WMO) and by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) with a mandate to provide an objective source of 

information about climate change.  

