


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2018

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR

FOR ITS PEOPLE


2

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

CONTENTS

Contents 

2

Highlights 

4

Statement by the Board 

5

Message from the CEO 

8

About Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd. 

10

United Nations Global Compact Principles  

 

 

 

 

 

12

Yoma Strategic’s Group Structure  

 

 

 

 

 

 

14

Yoma Strategic’s Core Business and Portfolio Investments 

 

 

 

16

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues  

 

 

 

19

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic 

 

 

 

22

Yoma Strategic Holding’s Mission 

26

Built on a foundation of trust: Yoma Strategic Holding’s stance on anti-corruption 

29

Partnerships for a Better Myanmar –  Yoma Strategic, its supply chain partners and Joint Ventures 

31


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

3

Section 1: People 

32

 

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities 

33

 

Case Study: Mechanising Myanmar’s Agricultural Sector 

35

 

Case Study: Wave Money 

35

 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people 

37

 

Case	Study:	Defining	new	standards	as	a	responsible	employer	–	Yoma	Strategic	and	the	KFC	franchise	

44

Section 2: Planet 

47

 

Yoma Strategic and the environment: Balancing the need for development with stewardship 

48

 

Case Study: Driving Change – Navigating the challenges in modernizing Myanmar’s automotive sector 

56

Section	3:	Profit	

57

 

The business case for Sustainability in Myanmar 

57

Outlook – What you can expect from us in the year ahead 

58

About This Report 

59

GRI Index 

63


4

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

HIGHLIGHTS

2016

Singapore 

Corporate Awards 

Best Managed 

Board Award 

GOLD 

for S$300 million 

to S$1 billion 

market cap category 

Awards

ASEAN Corporate 

Governance 

Scorecard ranked 

#26

TOP 5% 

in Governance &amp; 

Transparency Index

59 out of 

780 selected 

as 

SGX Fast 

Track 

Companies

2017

2018

Key

Achievements

• Strengthening of sustainability through 

appointment of Group Head of Sustainability 

 and creating Sustainability Committee.

•  Extensive stakeholder engagement.

•  Definition of key sustainability issues (and 

Board sign off).

•  Release of inaugural sustainability report.

•  Number of jobs created in FY2018 - 602.

•  Total amount of community investments - 

US$3.279m.

•  Number of SMEs supported through MBCA - 

683: 12 workshops on Responsible Business 

Practices and UNGC were conducted with 

over 410 attendees in 11 cities.

micro 

power plants

Annual 

power generation

Annual 

CO2 emissions 

avoided

10

197

MWh

167

.3t

Wave

Money2

• Over 4 million people empowered since inception.

• Over 32,000 Wave agents the largest agent network in the country.

• More than 13 times the size of the traditional bank network.

Yoma

Motors

• Hire agreements empower farmers by providing them access to modern agricultural 

technology that would otherwise be beyond their means.

• The Group sold 911 tractors in FY2018, of which 91% were by hire purchase arrangement.

Yoma Micro Power 

•  Total value of community donations by 

Yoma Central - US$1,063,406. 

Please see ‘How Yoma Strategic is impacting 

local communities’ on page 33 for details.

Yoma Central

KFC

22 STORES 

NATIONWIDE  

serving over 10,000 

customers daily1

99% 

LOCAL 

WORKFORCE 

employing over 1,016 staff

SUPPLY CHAIN 

APPROVED TO 

INTERNATIONAL 

STANDARDS

WORKING WITH 

LOCAL SUPPLIERS 

TO UPGRADE 

THEIR CAPABILITIES

• The use of informal financial services dropped significantly as close to 40% of people using 

financial remittance services switched to mobile money, thereby reducing their exposure to 

unregulated service providers and making them less financially vulnerable.

1 As at 31 March 2018. 

2 Wave Money’s internal data as at 31 March 2018.


5

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

The Board of Yoma Strategic considers 

Sustainability a key element of its mission to Build 

a Better Myanmar for Its People. The Board has 

considered the Material ESG topics as part of its 

strategic formulation, determined the material 

ESG factors and overseen the management and 

monitoring of the material ESG factors identified.

Statement 

by the Board

The Group’s mission and targets are aligned 

closely to its Sustainability &amp; Responsibility (“S&amp;R”) 

strategy, enabling us to create greater value 

for our stakeholders. Our focus on the highest 

standards of governance, ethics, sustainability and 

responsibility also reflect our commitment as one 

of Myanmar’s pillars in the industry.

Yoma Strategic’s sustainability efforts are structured 

around the Sustainable Development Goals 

(“SDGs”) and the UN Global Compact (“UNGC”) as a 

framework and our inaugural sustainability report 

is organised around People, Planet and Profit. 

PLANET

PEOPLE

PROFIT

The Group is committed to:

•  being a responsible employer and improving the 

living standards of the communities in which it 

operates in.

• foster environmental stewardship in the 

communities in which it operates.

•  build its businesses responsibly by harnessing 

the potential of a Shared Value Approach to 

generate economic value.




6

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

YSH	SUSTAINABILITY	MATERIALITY	&amp;	TARGETS	FOR	FY2019

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues

GOVERNANCE 

PLANET 

PROFIT 

ANTI- CORRUPTION &amp; 

PUBLIC POLICY

COMPLIANCE

 CLIMATE CHANGE, 

ENERGY AND WATER USE, 

WASTE	&amp;	EFFLUENTS

 DIRECT VALUE

GENERATED

PERFORMANCE:

6 minor frauds and theft

PERFORMANCE:

No significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions

PERFORMANCE:

CO2 e emissions (t): 7,681.1

Carbon emission intensity per GFA 

(t of CO2 e/m2): 0.018

Energy intensity per GFA (MJ/m2): 

182.7

Total Energy consumption (MJ): 

91,362,869.1

Water consumption (m3): 

5,003,632.0 

Non-hazardous waste (t): 104,343.0 

Hazardous waste (t): 37.0

PERFORMANCE:

Direct Value Generated: 

S$ 165.7 million

Economic Value Distributed: 

S$ 149.3 million

Total Economic Value Retained: 

S$ 16.4 million

TARGET:

Uphold and adhere

to the Group’s 

0 TOLERANCE 

approach to corruption,

bribery and fraud.

TARGET:

Strive to maintain 

FULL COMPLIANCE 

with the relevant national 

environmental policies, laws 

and regulations as well as IFC 

performance standards and the 

ADB’s Safeguard policy.

TARGET:

Collect baseline environmental 

data in FY2018 &amp; FY2019 to set 

numeric target in FY2020

REDUCE THE USE OF 

PLASTICS 

and minimise harm to the 

environment

TARGET:

Refer to Yoma Strategic Financial 

Report, Pages 116 to 250 in YSH 

Annual Report


7

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

PEOPLE 

 DIVERSITY &amp; EQUAL 

OPPORTUNITY

TRAINING, 

DEVELOPMENT &amp; 

TALENT RETENTION

LABOUR 

MANAGEMENT 

RELATIONS, CHILD 

LABOUR, COLLECTIVE 

BARGAINING,	FORCE	

LABOUR

HEALTH	&amp;	SAFETY

LOCAL 

COMMUNITIES

PERFORMANCE:

Workforce Number: 

4,065.0

Female employee: 41%

Male employee: 59%

New Hires: 602

Nationalities: 24

Employee Turnover Rate: 

15%

PERFORMANCE:

Total Training (hours): 

21,976.0

PERFORMANCE:

0 Child Labor

PERFORMANCE:

Health &amp; Safety Training 

(hours): 14,896.5

PERFORMANCE:

Supporting Communities:

S$ 4.4 million*

TARGET:

 Training 

50% 

of managers 

to be trained

in anti-harassment

TARGET:

40,650 

HOURS 

per year by 

FY 2020

TARGET:

Maintain

0 TOLERANCE

Prevent the use of 

child labour by raising 

awareness on how to 

identify children at work.

TARGET:

5% 

Increase from 

FY 2018

TARGET:

8,000 

HOURS 

of volunteer work

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues

*  Total community contribution was approximately US$3.279 million and the conversation rate adopted was 1 USD = 1.3566 SGD.


8

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Message 

from the CEO

As a Group, our long-term goal is to serve the needs 

of the people of Myanmar. We feel a collective 

responsibility to serve the market effectively and 

have refined our business strategy to reinforce 

our commitment to provide sustainable growth 

and development to the communities in which we 

operate. This is embodied in our inaugural Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) compliant report.

As you are aware, sustainability is not something 

new to us as we have already been reporting on 

our various sustainability initiatives in previous 

annual reports. However, this new reporting format 

will allow us to consolidate all of our sustainability 

efforts and holistically measure our performance 

and impact on communities and the environment, 

while at the same time achieving our financial and 

value creation objectives.

We believe that true corporate sustainability 

cannot be achieved in isolation but instead can 

be achieved through balancing the interests and 

concerns of a wide variety of our stakeholders. 

These include shareholders, employees, customers, 

communities in which we operate, government 

and regulators, partners and financial institutions.

Yoma Strategic is listed in Singapore, which provides a strong foundation in governance as well as access 

to the international capital markets. At the same time, our business remains firmly rooted in Myanmar and 

our future is inseparable from that of our home country, as we continue on our journey towards fulfilling 

our mission to Build a Better Myanmar for its People.

In Myanmar, economic inclusivity remains a challenge. We feel a collective responsibility to serve the 

market effectively and have refined our business strategy to reinforce our commitment to provide 

sustainable growth and development to serve the communities in which we operate. Our four core 

business pillars – Real Estate, Consumer, Automotive &amp; Heavy Equipment and Financial Services and our 

portfolio of investments, in particular, our investment in a solar micro power business, aims to bridge 

gaps in capacity, quality, accessibility, and affordability.

YOMA LAND

We firmly believe in the long-term potential of 

the real estate market as Myanmar continues 

its economic development. Today, we offer a 

range of residential units that caters to several 

market segments, as we work towards our goal 

of empowering the people of Myanmar by 

bringing home ownership within the reach of 

many. In November 2018, we expanded our real 

estate offering with City Loft, a new division of 

modern and affordable housing that targets the 

underserved middle-income market in Yangon.

YOMA	F&amp;B

To serve Myanmar’s growing consumer market, the 

Group is building an end-to-end food &amp; beverage 

(“F&amp;B”) platform comprising restaurant chains, 

the bottling and distribution of beverages and the 

provision of food wholesale and logistics services. 

Our F&amp;B Platform goes beyond simply introducing 

exciting new dining options to the country. It also 

aim to create jobs across the country, nurture the 

development of our employees and improve the 

awareness of food safety and preparation practices. 

YOMA MOTORS

Our passenger and commercial vehicles segment, 

and the expanding distribution footprint of 

our automotive brands - Volkswagen, Ducati, 

Mitsubishi Motors and Hino Motors - caters to 

the expected long-term growth of the automotive 

industry. Meanwhile, our heavy equipment 

segment which includes New Holland Tractor and 

JCB brands, support the continued mechanisation 

of the agriculture sector and an upturn in 

infrastructure build-out in Myanmar.

YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

More than 80% of Myanmar’s 53 million people 

remain unbanked3. To help these people gain 

access to financial services, inclusive financial 

systems are crucial to achieving economic 

and societal progress. The Group is building a 

technology-driven non-bank financial services 

platform. At its inception, the platform will start 

with Yoma Fleet for automotive and equipment 

leasing, as well as hire purchase, while Wave 

Money will serve as the payments, distribution and 

data nucleus of the platform.

3 https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/videos/myanmar-plays-catch-up-with-the-world-over-cashless-




Key achievements 

Our inaugural sustainability report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative’s (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option and following 

extensive stakeholder engagement. It showcases our involvement in some of 

the important areas of Myanmar’s future such as financial inclusion, providing 

electricity in off grid rural communities using solar-based micro power plants 

and mini-grids, and mechanisation of rural farming.

 

Preparing this report has allowed us to leverage the strengths of the GRI 

Standards framework to review the Group’s operations from a Sustainability 

perspective. We continue to discover opportunities while identifying new 

challenges and risks in our continuously changing environment.

We are committed to closing any remaining gaps in future reports, as we 

will be expanding the scope of this report with each year. In doing so, our 

engagement with sustainability will continue to be guided by the Sustainable 

Development Goals, of which we are a proud supporter, also in our capacity 

as one of Myanmar’s longest standing members of the United Nations Global 

Compact. Please see section “Outlook – What you can expect from Yoma 

Strategic in the years ahead” for more details.

I would be delighted to receive your feedback on any aspects of our 

sustainability journey. Please address your comments to our Head of 

Sustainability, Dr. Virginia Alzina, sustainability@yoma.com.mm.

 

Thank you for your interest in our company and our engagement with 

sustainability – I am looking forward to continuing on this exciting path with 

you, our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

NOTE ON CERTAIN STANDARD DISCLOSURES:

For readers who are familiar with the GRI Standards, please note that you will find details on a number of required standard report profile parameters, 

such as the scope of this report, materiality and stakeholder engagement on material issues, as well as the boundaries of the report and the material 

issues in the section “About This Report” from page 59 at the end of this Sustainability Report, immediately before the GRI Content Index.


10

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd. (“Yoma Strategic”, the “Company”, 

or collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is primarily 

based in Myanmar and was listed on the Mainboard of the 

Singapore Stock Exchange in 2006. Its market capitalisation as 

of 31 March 2018 was S$795.3 million. Today, the Group is one 

of the leading conglomerates in the Republic of the Union of 

Myanmar (“Myanmar”).

Over the last 10 years, Yoma Strategic has built a diversified 

portfolio of businesses in Myanmar through organic business 

expansions and collaborations with established international 

and local partners. The Company’s four core business divisions 

are Real Estate (“Yoma Land”), Automotive &amp; Heavy Equipment 

(“Yoma Motors”), Consumer (“Yoma F&amp;B”) and Financial Services 

(“Yoma Financial Services”). The Group has also several other 

Investments with established multinational players.

Yoma Strategic was founded by Mr. Serge Pun. Born in Myanmar, 

Mr. Pun immigrated to Beijing in 1965 and subsequently moved 

to Hong Kong SAR (“Hong Kong”) in 1973, where he began a 

career in real estate. In 1983, he founded Serge Pun &amp; Associates 

Limited (“SPA”), a company which at the time primarily focused 

on real estate brokerage and development. Mr. Pun has led 

many real estate developments in Hong Kong and China, as 

well as regional hubs such as Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur. After 

returning to Myanmar in 1991, he founded First Myanmar 

Investment Co., Ltd (“FMI”), one of Myanmar’s earliest public 

companies, which later became the first company to be listed on 

the Yangon Stock Exchange in March 2016. 

Leveraging on the Group’s experience in Myanmar and a strong 

commitment to corporate governance, Yoma Strategic has forged 

partnerships with international players such as Mitsubishi 

Corporation, Mitsubishi Estate Co., Ltd, Sumitomo Corporation, 

Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels, Limited, Yum! Brands, Inc., 

Telenor, Pernod Ricard, the International Finance Corporation 

(“IFC”), the Asian Development Bank (“ADB”) and Norfund. These 

partners provide invaluable expertise and capabilities which add 

to the Group’s capacity to execute its business strategy and help 

ensure that its projects adhere to international standards.

About  

Yoma Strategic

Mission: 

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR 

FOR	ITS	PEOPLE

Investor/Customer/

Employee (“ICE”) Vision:

INVESTOR	SATISFACTION

 

We create sustainable investment opportunities by 

leading with integrity and engaging in ethical and 

equitable business practices.

CUSTOMER	SATISFACTION	

We serve our customers by being their trusted partner 

and by delivering the best products and services that 

cater to their needs.

EMPLOYEE	SATISFACTION	

 

We invest in our people to build careers around a 

shared culture of fairness, diversity, empowerment 

and recognition. 


11

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.




12

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

The Group is committed to upholding the United Nations Global Compact’s 10 principles4 on human rights, labour, environment and 

anti-corruption. The table below provides a summary of its assessment, commitment, policies, goals and implementation activities 

to meet the UN Global Compact requirements. 

United Nations Global 

Compact Principles

HUMAN RIGHTS 

PRINCIPLES

Principle 1: Businesses should 

support and respect the protection 

of internationally proclaimed 

human rights. 

Yoma Strategic is committed to safeguarding human rights with 

applicable international and national practices, including the 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights (“UDHR”).

The Group’s Code of Conduct provides the basic foundation and 

guideline to all employees and business partners on the importance 

of proper business conduct.

The Whistle Blowing Policy provides additional encouragement to 

individuals to raise any concerns, or to contact senior management 

directly to make a disclosure, as well as the Risk Management 

Department for any disputes, discrimination or any other breach 

of human rights.

Principle 2: Make sure that they 

are not complicit in human rights 

abuses.

LABOUR

Principle 3: Businesses should 

uphold the freedom of association 

and the effective recognition of 

the right to collective bargaining.

The Group fully supports and practices the (International 

Labour Organization’s (“ILO”) eight fundamental core conventions, 

and the International Finance Corporation’s (“IFC”) Labour 

and Working Conditions Standards. The Group strongly 

prohibits child labour in all its business operations and projects.

Yoma Strategic prohibits any form of discrimination including any 

distinction, exclusion or preference made on the basis of race, 

colour, sex, religion, or political opinion which has the effect of 

nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in 

employment or occupation.

The Group’s Employee Handbook was prepared in accordance 

with the rules and regulations of respective national employment 

laws, ILO’s eight fundamental core conventions, IFC’s Performance 

Standard 2: Labour and Working Conditions, and the Asian 

Development Bank’s (“ADB”) policy on Gender and Development 

as the key strategies for promoting gender equality and women’s 

empowerment across the Group.

Principle 4: Elimination of all 

forms of forced and compulsory 

labour.

Principle 5: Effective abolition of 

child labour.

Principle 6: Elimination of 

discrimination in respect of 

employment and occupation.

4 Its full Communication on Progress can be found at: https://www.unglobalcompact.org/system/attachments/cop_2017/433681/original/Communication_on_Progress_Report_-_FMI_2017.

pdf?1509432258


13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PRINCIPLES

Principle 7: Businesses should 

support a precautionary approach 

to environmental challenges.

Yoma Strategic has adopted a Corporate Environmental and Social 

Management System (“ESMS”) across the group which includes 

environmental management as one of the key focus areas. It helps 

to manage the Environmental, Social Health and Safety (“ESHS”) 

risks arising from the various activities of the Group as well as 

carrying out business in a more sustainable manner.

Yoma Strategic’s ESMS implementation includes Environmental 

and Social screening and due diligence of potential projects. 

High-level initial assessments and screenings are carried out to 

identify the Environmental and Social issues and to provisionally 

categorise each project.

In addition to the internal audit program, Environmental and 

Social Impact Assessments are conducted as part of the internal 

audit program, and a due diligence process is applied to ensure 

a precautionary approach is taken to address environmental 

challenges.

Principle 8: Undertake initiatives 

to promote greater environmental 

responsibility.

Principle 9: Encourage the development

and diffusion of environmentally 

friendly technologies.

ANTI-

CORRUPTION 

PRINCIPLES

Principle 10: Businesses should 

work against corruption in all its 

forms, including extortion and 

bribery.

The Group has implemented a Code of Conduct prohibiting the 

acceptance of gifts, bribes or entertainment under obligatory 

circumstances. The Group’s Employee Handbook also provides 

guidance on rules and standards of conduct.

All personnel and business partners are required to comply 

with the Code of Conduct and it is communicated through the 

supply chain.

The Group has implemented an Anti-Bribery Policy and supports 

of a Group-wide Corporate Governance framework in preventing 

bribery and corruption.

Yoma Strategic is involved in some of Myanmar’s most important economic sectors and caters for the rapid growth in domestic 

consumption. Below table shows the breakdown of Yoma Strategic’s FY2018 revenue.

SEGMENT

REVENUE (S$ MILLION)

% OF GROUP REVENUE

Yoma Land 

- Real Estate Development 

 

 

- Real Estate Services

22.9

18.4

21.2

17.1

Yoma Motors

44.2

41.0

Yoma	F&amp;B

14.2

13.2

Yoma	Financial	Services

6.8

6.3

Investments

1.3

1.2


14

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Yoma Strategic’s Group Structure

(As at 30 November 2018)

YOMA LAND

DEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES

Pun Hlaing Estate

Yoma Development Group Limited

100%

Lion Century Properties Limited

100%

StarCity

Thanlyin Estate Development Limited

70%

Yoma Central &amp; The Peninsula Yangon

Meeyahta Development Limited

48%2

Peninsula Yangon Holdings Pte. Limited

24%

INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Star Residences  &amp; Commercial Units at StarCity

Thanlyin Estate Development Limited

70%

The Residence at Pun Hlaing

Yoma Development Group Limited

100%

Dulwich College Yangon

Yangon Sand Industries Limited 

(Pun Hlaing Campus)

100%

Star City International School Company Limited 

(StarCity Campus) 

70%

CONSTRUCTION &amp; PROJECT SERVICES

SPA Design &amp; Project Services Limited 

100%

SPA Design Pte. Ltd.

100%

BYMA Pte. Ltd.

40%

YOMA MOTORS

HEAVY EQUIPMENT

New Holland

Convenience Prosperity Company Limited

100%

Yoma JCB

Convenience Prosperity Company Limited 

100%

PASSENGER &amp; COMMERCIAL VEHICLES

Volkswagen

Yoma German Motors Limited

100%

German Car Industries Company Limited

100%

Mitsubishi Motors

MM Cars Myanmar Limited

50%

Hino Motors

Summit SPA Motors Limited

40%

Bridgestone Tyres

First Japan Tire Services Company Limited 

30%

Denso

D Service (Myanmar) Limited

40%


15

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Unless otherwise stated, effective interests are held through direct and/or deemed wholly-owned subsidiaries. The complete list of subsidiary corporations and 

associated companies is available at the Company’s website: http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/about_corporate.php

1 All interests are held by a wholly-owned intermediary holding company, Yoma Strategic Investments Ltd.

2 Ultimate effective interest upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.

3 Effective interest held through a 60%-owned subsidiary, Access Myanmar Holding Company Pte. Ltd. 

4 Listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST.

INVESTMENTS

TOURISM

Memories Group Limited 

33.3%4

TELECOMMUNICATIONS TOWERS

edotco Investments Singapore Pte. Ltd.

12.5%

DISTRIBUTED	POWER	NETWORK

Yoma Micro Power (S) Pte. Ltd.

35%2

AGRICULTURE

Plantation Resources Pte. Ltd.

100%

Yoma Agriculture Company Limited 

100%

DALIAN SHOPPING MALL

XunXiang (Dalian) Enterprise Co., Ltd.

100%

MITSUBISHI ELEVATORS

MC Elevator (Myanmar) Limited

40%

MANDALAY AIRPORT

MC-Jalux Airport Services Company Limited 

9%

PRIVATE INVESTMENTS

Welbeck Global Limited

100%

YOMA F&amp;B

F&amp;B	RETAIL

KFC

Summit Brands Restaurant Group Company Limited 

100%

Little Sheep

Altai Myanmar Company Limited

100%

Auntie Anne’s TM

Blue Ridge Company Limited

100%

BOTTLING

Access Myanmar Distribution Company Limited 

30%3

LOGISTICS

KOSPA Limited

50%

METRO Wholesale Myanmar Ltd.

15%

YOMA FINANCIAL SERVICES

WAVE MONEY

Digital Money Myanmar Ltd. 

34%

FLEET	LEASING

Yoma Fleet Limited 

100%


16

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

YOMA LAND

Building Better Communities for the Future of Myanmar 

The Group is a leading developer and landlord in Myanmar with one of the largest landbanks in the country and a focus on township 

projects. Yoma Land’s vision is to build communities that are attractive, safe and vibrant which appeal to those seeking a healthy and 

community-centric lifestyle. The Group currently has three large-scale property developments comprising two residential projects – 

StarCity and Pun Hlaing Estate – and a mixed-used development – Yoma Central and The Peninsula Yangon. These three key projects 

aim to transform Yangon’s cityscape through an emphasis on innovative designs, building standards and product range.

From an operations perspective, Yoma Land plans to build on its existing strengths and resources in project and construction 

management. This will allow Yoma Land to expand its capabilities, deliver a larger proportion of construction in-house, and improve 

cost competitiveness by reducing outsourcing. Adoption of new technologies such as modular construction, prefabrication, and the 

partial industrialisation of the production process, will further enhance Yoma Land’s capabilities.

Meanwhile, the Group continues to work towards achieving a more resilient structure by expanding its portfolio of investment 

properties which will provide recurring real estate services revenue for the Group. It will also continue to leverage on the amenities 

and environment offered at Pun Hlaing Estate and StarCity, including the two Dulwich International Schools, to enhance the 

community value for its residents.

YOMA MOTORS

One of the Most Comprehensive Suites of Automotive Brands in Myanmar 

The Group manages the importation, distribution and after-sales servicing of a comprehensive product range across agriculture 

equipment, construction equipment, and passenger and commercial vehicles through a nationwide network of branches and 

showrooms.

Convenience Prosperity Company Limited (aka Yoma Heavy Equipment), which is the largest revenue contributor for Yoma Motors, 

is the distributor for New Holland Agriculture, Case Agriculture, Maschio, CAM and Fieldking Implements, FPT Generators and JCB 

Construction Equipment in Myanmar.

Introduced in 2012, New Holland continues to be one of the leading tractor brands in the country. Myanmar has been the biggest 

market for New Holland tractors in Southeast Asia since 20155. Yoma Heavy Equipment recently introduced the first A8000 Sugar 

Cane Harvester and TC5.30 Combine Harvester to the market and continues to import a selection of the latest implements that are 

tailormade for the needs of farmers in Myanmar. Yoma Heavy Equipment was recently awarded sponsorship by Livelihoods and 

Food Security Trust Fund (“LIFT”), a UN-based NGO, for advanced operator training in Myanmar and will play a key role in rolling out 

this initiative. For more information on how Yoma Strategic contributes to the mechanisation of the agriculture industry, please see 

‘Myanmar’s Agriculture Sector’ on page 35.

Yoma JCB offers a wide range of construction equipment such as skid-steer loaders, backhoe loaders, compactors, telehandlers, wheel 

loaders and excavators to its customers. During the year, Yoma JCB expanded its presence and participated in many trade shows 

including the Construction, Power &amp; Mining Show, which was the biggest industrial event in Myanmar. More recently, Yoma Heavy 

Equipment introduced Yoma Equipment and Power Rental, which focuses on the rental of JCB construction equipment, New Holland 

tractors and FPT generators.

The Group partners with several complementary passenger and commercial vehicle brands to cater to different segments of the 

vehicle market including Volkswagen, Ducati, Mitsubishi, Hino Motors and Bridgestone Tyres. 

5  Interview with Mr. Gerhard Hartzenberg, Managing Director of Yoma Heavy Equipment.

Yoma Strategic’s core businesses 

and portfolio of investments


17

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

YOMA	F&amp;B

Building a Leading Multi-Brand Consumer Platform in Myanmar 

The Group is building an end-to-end food &amp; beverage (“F&amp;B”) platform comprising a chain of restaurants, bottling and distribution of 

beverages and the provision of food wholesale and logistics services.

The Group is the franchisee for KFC in Myanmar, KFC was the first global quick-service restaurant brand to enter the country. The 

Group opened the country’s first KFC store in June 2015 and has been expanding rapidly over the past three years. KFC Myanmar is 

now one of the leading consumer brands in the country, with a presence in Yangon, Mandalay, Taunggyi, Bago, Monwya, Pyay and 

Kyite Htee Yoe. The Group has 22 stores nationwide as at 31 March 2018, and remains on track to achieve its next target of having 32 

stores nationwide by the financial year ending 31 March 2019.

For details about how Yoma Strategic leverages on its market presence in this segment to improve Myanmar’s domestic supply chain 

procedures, please see ‘Managing KFC’s Supply Chain in Myanmar’ on page 31.

In May 2018 and in November 2018, the Group announced that it will be bringing Little Sheep, an international hot pot brand, 

and Auntie Anne’sTM, an international hand-rolled soft pretzel franchise, to Myanmar. The Group will continue to explore bringing 

additional F&amp;B restaurant concepts to the country, including both international franchises as well as local brands. As the Group 

develops its F&amp;B business, it will continue to improve its supply chain management.

With the opening of more F&amp;B establishments, the need to bring reliable and safe food to the people of Myanmar is expected to 

increase. The Group’s joint ventures with Kokubu Group and Metro Group aim to modernise supply chain infrastructure in the country.

KOSPA is a joint venture with the Kokubu Group that offers third-party logistics services through inventory management and 

transportation principally to customers who are in the hotel, restaurant, catering, agricultural and fast-moving consumer goods 

sectors. KOSPA operates a 45,000 square feet multi-temperature warehouse facility in Yangon and a fleet of trucks serving a range 

of customers. KOSPA also offers ambient service and provide transportation and warehousing services to multinational brewers and 

non-alcoholic beverage producers in Myanmar. Meanwhile, the Group has a partnership with Metro Group, a leading international 

specialist in food wholesale and retail, to establish a one-stop food distribution platform in Myanmar catering for food and beverages 

related businesses. It aims to address the evolving needs of the local professional customers, who now increasingly seek products of 

consistently reliable quality and good value.

YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

Bringing Financial Inclusion Through Technology 

More than 80% of Myanmar’s population of 53 million people remains unbanked6. To help these people gain access to financial 

services, the Group is building a technology-driven, non-bank financial services platform. At its inception, the platform started with 

Yoma Fleet for automotive and equipment leasing and hire purchase transactions, and may expand to other forms of consumer credit 

over time. Meanwhile, Wave Money serves as the payments, distribution and data nucleus of the platform.

Yoma Fleet was launched in early 2014 and has since grown to become one of the largest vehicle rental and contract hire operators 

in the country with 720 vehicles and trailers as of 31 March 2018. It predominantly provides medium to long-term fleet leasing 

solutions to multinational corporations and medium-sized enterprises with clients coming from a range of industries including the 

FMCG, telecommunications, agriculture and construction sectors. Yoma Fleet also has a growing daily rental business served by 15 

branch offices across 11 cities, where a majority of the branches are located in downtown areas and travel centres (e.g. airports and 

train stations).

For details on Wave Money and how it is set to bring economic empowerment to millions of Myanmar citizens, please see ‘Case Study 

2: Wave Money’ on page 35.

6 https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/videos/myanmar-plays-catch-up-with-the-world-over-cashless- payments-9907986

Yoma Strategic’s core businesses 

and portfolio of investments


18

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

PORTFOLIO	OF	INVESTMENTS

Maximising Shareholders’ Value Through Strategic Investments

The Group aims to generate good returns to shareholders and local stakeholders alike through a strategic investment portfolio which 

focused primarily on infrastructure development and emerging growth sectors. The investments include Yoma Micro Power a joint 

venture with Nonfund and IFC to provide reliable and rural eletrification to rural customers, and edotco, a joint venture that builds 

and operates telecommunications towers in Myanmar. The Group also owns the rights to 100,000 acres of agricultural land in the 

Ayerwaddy Division of Myanmar, of which approximately 3,700 acres has been earmarked for a robusta coffee plantation.

 

As the Group builds its core businesses, it will continue to rebalance its investment portfolio by constantly assessing the long-term 

potential of its investments, while unlocking value and recycling capital for better returns. An example was the successful spin-off 

of the Group’s tourism assets to Memories Group Limited in January 2018 as it believes the divestment of its tourism-related assets 

into a dedicated platform, in partnership with other tourism players in Myanmar, will unlock better value for its shareholders in the 

long run.

DIRECT	ECONOMIC	VALUE	GENERATED	AND	DISTRIBUTED	FOR	FINANCIAL	YEAR	ENDED	31	MARCH	2018	

IS SHOWN IN THE TABLE BELOW.

GRI 201-1

S$ MILLION

NOTES

Direct Value Generated

165.7

These include revenue and other income - net

ECONOMIC VALUE DISTRIBUTED

S$ MILLION

NOTES

Material and Services Cost 

93.0

These include cost of goods, administrative expenses excluding 

employee compensation

Employees

31.4

These include wages, salaries and benefits

Government

2.1

These include income tax expense

Capital providers

18.4

These include dividends and interest expenses on borrowings 

and other finance cost

Community

4.4*

These include voluntary donations and investment of funds in 

the broader community

Total economic value retained for the year is S$ 16.4 million.

Yoma Strategic’s core businesses 

and portfolio of investments

*  Total community contribution was approximately US$3.279 million and the conversation rate adopted was 1 USD = 1.3566 SGD.


19

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

THE	GROUP’S	KEY	MATERIAL	SUSTAINABILITY	ISSUES	ARE:

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues

GRI 102-47

For a materiality matrix and details on how the materiality of these issues for the Group was determined, kindly refer to subsection 

“Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality” in section “About This Report” from page 60.

PLANET

PEOPLE

PROFIT

Economic 

Performance

Health 

&amp; Safety

Climate Change, 

Energy &amp; Water Use, 

Waste &amp; Effluents

Labour Management 

Relations, Child 

Labour, Forced 

Labour, Collective 

Bargaining

Diversity &amp; Equal 

Opportunity

Local

Communities

Training, 

Development 

&amp; Talent 

Retention

Anti-Corruption 

&amp; Public Policy

GOVERNANCE

Compliance


20

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues

GRI 102-47

ESG	PERFORMANCE	SCORECARD

 

GOVERNANCE

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

FY 2018 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019 TARGETS

Anti-Corruption &amp;  Public Policy

6 minor frauds and theft

To uphold and adhere to the Group’s zero tolerance

approach to corruption, bribery and fraud.

Compliance

No significant fines 

or non-monetary

sanctions 

We strive to maintain full compliance with the relevant

national environmental policies, laws and regulations as

well as IFC performance standards and the ADB’s 

Safeguard policy.

ENVIRONMENTAL

CO2e emissions (t)

7,681.1

Collect baseline data

Carbon emission intensity per GFA     

(t of CO2e/m2)

0.018

Energy intensity per GFA (MJ/m2)

182.7

Total Energy consumption (MJ)

91,362,869.1

 - Diesel consumption (MJ)

39,059,303.4

 - Petrol consumption (MJ)

63,648.3

 - Renewable Energy/solar energy 

   consumption (MJ)

285,562.8

 - Electricity used (MJ)

49,776,091.3

 - Cooling Consumption (MJ)

2,178,267.7

Water consumption (m3)

5,003,632.0

Non-hazardous waste (t)

104,343.0

Reduce the use of plastics

Hazardous waste (t)

37.0




21

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues

GRI 102-47

SOCIAL

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

FY 2018 PERFORMANCE

FY 2019 TARGETS

Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity

Workforce Number

4,065

Anti-harassment training 50% of managers to be trained

Female employee

41%

Male employee

59%

New Hires

602

Nationalities

24

Employee Turnover Rate 

15%

Training, Development &amp; Talent Retention

Total Training (hr)

21,976

40,650 hrs per year by FY 2020

Health &amp; Safety

Increase by 5% from FY 2018

  - Health &amp; Safety Training (hr)

14,896.5

  - Fatal Accidents

0

Labour Management Relations, Child Labour, Collective Bargaining, Forced Labour

Child Labour

0

To maintain zero tolerance, we want to prevent the use 

of child labour by raising awareness people to identify 

children at work.

Local Communities

Supporting Communities (S$ Million)

4.4*

8,000 hours of volunteer work



* Total community contribution was approximately US$3.279 million and the conversation rate adopted was 1 USD = 1.3566 SGD.


22

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

The Group continuously advocates a strong corporate governance 

culture among its employees to ensure that they operate in 

an ethical and responsible manner. The Group is known to be 

one of the front-runners for corporate governance in Myanmar 

and is the partner of several multinational companies and 

development banks including ADB and IFC.

The Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) system is 

designed to achieve a prudent and reasonable balance between 

risk and return, while providing the framework for managing 

risk and future events effectively to both protect and enhance 

the business in meeting its strategic objectives. It sets out 

the governance structure for the Group’s risk philosophy, risk 

appetite, tolerance levels and approach to managing risks. For 

details on the Group’s Risk Management, please refer to pages 

78 to 81 in the Yoma Strategic FY2018 Annual Report.

Yoma Strategic has a strong commitment to the independence 

of its Board of Directors (the “Board” or “Directors”). The Board 

also provides an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, 

experience, gender, knowledge of the Group’s businesses and 

the necessary core competencies to meet the needs of Yoma 

Strategic and to allow for diverse and objective discussions on its 

strategic direction and growth.

To emphasise the importance of sustainability to Yoma Strategic’s 

business, it created the position of Group Head of Sustainability 

in 2017 and appointed Dr. Virginia Alzina, previously Principal 

Consultant and Director of ENVIRON in Myanmar, for this role. 

Dr. Alzina oversees the Group’s Sustainability Committee which 

reports directly to the Board of Directors, ensuring that the 

Group’s sustainability strategy is integrated with its corporate 

growth strategy and its day-to-day operations.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic

Yoma Strategic has implemented appropriate procedures and management systems to ensure adherence to the relevant national 

environmental policies laws and regulations, as well as IFC Performance Standards, and the ADB’s Safeguard policy.

Management and Evaluation

Key policies include:

• Code of Conduct

• Environmental, Health and Safety Policy

• Human Rights Policy

Details of these policies are publicly available on Yoma Strategic’s website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/ir_code.php.

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic

GRI 102-16

COMPLIANCE 

TARGET

• We strive to maintain 

full compliance with 

the relevant national 

environmental policies, 

laws and regulations as 

well as IFC Performance 

Standards and the ADB’s 

Safeguard Policy.


23

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Yoma Strategic’s Governance Structure 

GRI 102-18

NOMINATING &amp; 

GOVERNANCE 

COMMITTEE

2 non-executive

Independent Directors

1 Executive Director

CHAIRMAN

Mr. Adrian Chan

REMUNERATION

 COMMITTEE

3 non-executive

Independent Directors

CHAIRMAN

Ms. Wong Su Yen

SHAREHOLDERS

BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS

Mr. Serge Pun

(Executive Chairman)

Mr. Melvyn Pun

(Executive Director)

Mr. Cyrus Pun

(Executive Director)

Mr. Adrian Chan

(Lead Independent Director)

Mr. George Thia

(Non-Executive 

Independent Director)

Ms.Wong Su Yen

(Non-Executive 

Independent Director)

Dato Timothy Ong

(Non-Executive 

Independent Director)

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT

YOMA 

LAND

YOMA 

MOTORS

YOMA	F&amp;B

YOMA 

FINANCIAL	

SERVICES

INVESTMENTS

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Nexia TS Public Accounting 

Corporation 

AUDIT	&amp;	RISK	

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

3 Non-Executive

Independent Directors

CHAIRMAN

 Mr. George Thia

ENTERPRISE	RISK	

MANAGEMENT

INTERNAL 

AUDIT

AUDIT	&amp;	RISK	

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

REMUNERATION 

COMMITTEE

NOMINATING &amp; GOVERNANCE 

COMMITTEE

67+33

100+0

33%

67% 67+33

33%

67%

100%

• MALE

• FEMALE

• MALE

• FEMALE

• MALE

• FEMALE


24

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Yoma Strategic has a defined sustainability governance structure, both at the corporate and local level.

At the highest level, the Board approves the Group’s general policies and strategies, including those relating to sustainability and 

the sustainability report.

Reporting to the Board is the Sustainability Committee (the “Committee”), which oversees the sustainability initiatives and 

directions of the Company. The Committee is made up of Yoma Strategic’s CEO, and its Head of Risk Management and Assurance, 

Human Resources, Investor Relations and Sustainability.  Also on the Committee are the leaders of Yoma Strategic’s four key pillars, 

Yoma Land, Yoma Motors, Yoma F&amp;B and Yoma Financial Services. The CEO sits on the Board, and the Head of Sustainability who 

oversees the sustainability performance and targets for Yoma Strategic and its subsidiaries, is responsible for guiding the Group 

on the sustainability work towards achieving common goals and targets. The Committee meets at least once a year to review the 

sustainability performance of the business units.

During FY2018, several Sub-Committees were established for the following projects: Yoma Heavy Equipment, StarCity and Pun 

Hlaing Estate, as well as at The Campus (the headquarters of the Group). These committees meet quarterly to discuss sustainability 

initiatives at a business unit level and drive performance on achieving Yoma Strategic’s sustainability targets.

Yoma Strategic’s Sustainability Governance

GRI 102-18




25

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Yoma Strategic’s strong commitment to sustainability is also reflected in a large number of external initiatives supported by the 

Group and the personal commitment of its CEO and other members of senior management:

Yoma Strategic’s Sustainability Governance 

External Initiatives and Membership of Associations

External Initiatives

GRI 102-12

• Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 

(“OECD”) Guidelines for the Protection of Human Rights and 

Social Development

• Universal Declaration of Human Rights (“UDHR”)

• International Labour Organization’s (“ILO”) Core Conventions

• International Finance Corporation’s (“IFC”) Performance 

Standards

• Asian Development Bank’s (“ADB”) Safeguard Policy Statement

• Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”)

• Myanmar Business Coalition on Aid (“MBCA”)

Membership of Associations

GRI 102-13

• United Nations Global Compact

• Myanmar Institute of Directors (“MIoD”), where CEO Melvyn Pun 

is a Board member and member of the Executive Committee.  

MIoD is driven by the International Finance Corporation with 

support from the governments of both the UK and Australia. It 

is Myanmar’s first private sector-led organisation to promote 

corporate governance and best business practices in Myanmar. 

With the aim of boosting investor confidence in the country, 

MIoD will work to advance professionalism, promote business 

ethics and transparency, and create networks between 

corporate leaders and stakeholders.

• M2030, a movement in partnership with the Asia Pacific 

Leaders Malaria Alliance (“APLMA”) and the Global Fund to 

raise awareness about malaria with the target of eradicating 

malaria by 2030 

• Smart Power Myanmar, a partnership with the Rockefeller 

Foundation, the ADB, the World Bank and USAID to help 

improve lives of people in Myanmar by providing electricity 

access in off-grid communities in Myanmar to help people lift 

themselves out of poverty (Case Study 4).




26

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Historically, Yoma Strategic’s main focus was on Real Estate 

development, establishing itself as one of the leading developers 

in Myanmar with a reputation for high-quality housing projects 

over the past 10 years. Yoma Strategic has leveraged partnerships 

with local and international players to diversify its businesses 

into a number of Myanmar’s most exciting growth sectors.

In 2014, Yoma Strategic made a commitment to build its Non-

Real Estate businesses to match the scale of its Real Estate 

operations by 2020. The Group was able to achieve this goal in 

FY2018. In the next five years, Yoma Strategic will be working to 

accelerate its next phase of growth by focusing on scaling up its 

four key business pillars and expanding its operational footprint 

beyond the majorities to the whole country to meet the needs of 

Myanmar people. 

As the Group continues to transform, it has pledged to ensure 

that the Myanmar of tomorrow is better compared to today. In 

particular, Yoma Strategic’s Investor/Customer/Employee (“ICE”) 

vision, is an expression of the Group’s belief that its stakeholders 

play a critical role on its journey towards fulfilling its mission.

INVESTOR	SATISFACTION

We create sustainable investment opportunities by leading 

with integrity and engaging in ethical and equitable business 

practices.

CUSTOMER	SATISFACTION

We serve our customers by being their trusted partner and by 

delivering the best products and services that cater to their 

needs.

EMPLOYEE	SATISFACTION

We invest in our people to build careers around a shared culture 

of fairness, diversity, empowerment and recognition.

In line with its mission, the Group has incorporated the role 

of sustainability into its strategic planning and day-to-day 

operations. More importantly, the Group’s mission and vision 

shapes the way it conducts business. 

Yoma Strategic’s sustainability efforts are structured around the 

Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) of the United Nations 

Global Compact (“UNGC”) as a framework and organised around 

People, Planet and Profit. Yoma Strategic’s new mission expands 

the usually narrow definition of corporate success to include the 

most important idea of sustainability: a company can only be 

successful in the long-term if it includes the people it impacts 

- and by extension the natural environment which the wider 

community lives in.

The Group’s mission perfectly reflects its ambition to be a major 

contributor to nation building in a country that finally has an 

opportunity to develop to its potential. As the Group continues 

to implement its strategy of rapid growth and diversification, the 

mission guides its employees to remain focused on the greater 

good and the concept of shared value.

Yoma Strategic’S  

Mission

From Real Estate developer to a more balanced, 

diversified conglomerate with exposure to some of 

Myanmar’s most important economic sectors: 

Yoma Strategic’s mission helps it chart the way 

to a sustainable future – for the company and 

the people of Myanmar


27

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Building on the success of its affiliate companies FMI and SPA in the early 1990s, Yoma Strategic was established in 2006 

and listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange that same year. Its roots are in the development of and investment in Real Estate. 

The Company has strategically expanded into three other key sectors, starting with Automotive and Heavy Equipment, and 

Consumer, including food and beverages. In April 2018, the Group added Financial Services as one of its key pillars. 

History and Milestones

2019

-2023

• Build dominant positions and nationwide footprints in 

four core business pillars 

• Enhance autonomy and prepare for opportunities to 

unlock value through spin-offs 

• Nurture our high growth portfolio of investments 

• Further rationalisation of non- core businesses and 

assets

• More than 90% of revenue from Real Estate sales 

• Focused on Real Estate business 

• Leveraged the Group’s strongest core competency 

• Minimal exposure in other sectors 

2006

-2010

2011

-2013

2015

-2017

2014

2018

• Diversified broadly into different sectors 

• Acted as an incubator for new businesses 

• Leveraged the Group’s position as the partner 

of choice 

• Streamlined into the three most promising pillars 

– Real Estate, Consumer and Automotive &amp; Heavy 

Equipment 

• Set a 2020 target to have at least 50% of the revenue 

generated by Non-Real Estate businesses and to 

increase recurring Real Estate services revenue

• Fast expansion of Non-Real Estate businesses 

• Monetisation of non-core businesses and assets 

• Ahead of the Group’s 2020 Vision: Automotive &amp; Heavy 

Equipment and Consumer businesses contributed 

54.2% of FY2018 revenue 

• Unveiled the Group’s 4th core business pillar in the 

Financial Services with a focus on technology and non-

bank financial offerings 

ACCELERATION	OF	NEXT	

PHASE	OF	GROWTH	

TRANSITION	FROM	

A REAL ESTATE COMPANY 

TO	A	MORE	BALANCED	DIVERSIFIED	

CONGLOMERATE

CONSOLIDATION	OF	

CORE OPERATIONS

PURE PLAY REAL ESTATE 

DEVELOPER

DIVERSIFICATION	

INTO NEW BUSINESSES 

IDENTIFICATION	OF	

CORE	FOCUS	SECTORS	


28

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Sustainability is a top priority for Yoma Strategic. This is reflected in its governance structures and especially in the importance 

that CEO, Mr. Melvyn Pun is placing on ESG topics. Mr. Pun is an advocate for corporate governance and sustainability issues 

in Myanmar and is actively involved in a number of sustainability-related initiatives.

As part of Mr. Pun’s active engagement, he is currently the:

• Asia Pacific Council member, The Nature Conservancy

• Executive Committee and Board member, Myanmar Institute of Directors’ (“MIoD”). The MIoD aims to promote corporate 

governance and best business practices in Myanmar

• Board member, OneSky, a non-profit organization creating and implementing simple, replicable, model early learning 

programs for vulnerable young children across multiple developing countries

Through his conduct, both within Yoma Strategic and in his various roles with other organisations, Mr. Pun is demonstrating 

the importance of corporate sustainability even and especially as the  Group is engaged in its most ambitious growth phase 

to date.

Yoma Strategic has been a member and active supporter of the UNGC since 2012. The Group also provides the funding for the 

administrative expenses of Myanmar Business Coalition on Aid (“MBCA”), the implementing partner of UNGC in Myanmar. The Group 

embraces and promotes the Principles of the UNGC within its daily operations and is proud to be an early adopter of the SDGs. 

The various parts of the Group’s business are making positive contributions to many of the SDGs, but Yoma Strategic has adopted the 

following goals as areas of particular focus in its operations:

Leadership starts from the top

Pioneering the SDGs in Myanmar

Throughout this report, the Group has highlighted its alignment of specific activities with these SDGs, by showing the appropriate 

SDG logo(s) in the margin next to the corresponding paragraph. 

The Group is planning to integrate the SDGs more tightly into its strategy and operations, by determining specific, suitable SDG 

targets within its performance metrics and aligning them with the targets being set in fulfilment of SGX requirements. 

The Group will report on the progress of these plans in its FY2019 Sustainability Report. 




29

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Built on a foundation of trust:

uncompromising stance on 

anti-corruption 

In a time when corruption in its many forms may 

have been an inevitable part of doing business 

in the region, the Group has always taken a firm 

stance. The Group is strongly opposed to bribery 

and all other kinds of corruption. This also extends 

to its business dealings with third-party service 

providers and vendors. 

Its steadfast adherence to prudent business 

principles has seen Yoma Strategic become a 

trusted partner to some of the world’s leading 

brands as they look to expand into Myanmar. The 

Group also has the continued active support of IFC 

and ADB who are working in partnership to help 

the Group fulfil its Mission according to these same 

principles. 

“Corruption 

is a cancer   

to society.” 

Serge Pun, Executive Chairman



GRI 102-16


30

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 205-3

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic 

Yoma Strategic manages the Group’s exposure to corruption risks by applying and emphasising good corporate governance, business 

ethics and transparency. Its reputation is one of its greatest assets. Corruption represents a risk to an organisation’s business and 

reputation. Direct or indirect contributions to political causes may also represent a corruption risk because they can be used to exert 

undue influence on the political process. 

Management and Evaluation

The Group is committed to a high standard of corporate governance for the long term sustainability of the Group’s business. It has a 

zero tolerance approach to corruption, bribery and fraud, and has developed a number of key policies:

•  Anti-Bribery Policy

•  Anti-Corruption Procedure

•  Code of Conduct

•  Conflict of Interest Policy

•  Whistle Blowing Policy

These policies are disseminated and published to all employees, contractors, suppliers and business partners and are also publicly 

available on Yoma Strategic’s website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/ir_code.php.

The Group is also prohibited from dealing with companies (and/or individuals) on the UN, US and EU sanction lists.

However six minor cases of theft and fraud were seen in 2017. The Group has followed up on these cases and taken measures to 

prevent similar incidents. 

The Group conducts mandatory trainings for new employees covering its policies on Anti-Bribery, Anti-Corruption, Code of Conduct, 

Conflicts of interest and Whistle Blowing.

RECOGNITION	FOR	YOMA	STRATEGIC’S	EXCELLENCE	IN	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE

Yoma Strategic has been recognised and has won several awards. In recognition of the continuous commitment to corporate 

governance, the Group was ranked in the top 5% of the Governance and Transparency Index 2018 and ranked 26th out of the 

top 100 largest Singapore companies in the ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard 2017. The Group’s Board of Directors was 

also the recipient of the prestigious award of Best Managed Board Award (Gold) for the mid-cap category in 2016 and Best 

Managed Board Award (Silver) for the mid-cap category in 2015. More recently, the Group has obtained the “Fast Track” or 

“Green Lane” status launched by the Singapore Exchange Regulations (SGX RegCo) which will have prioritised clearance on 

selected corporate action submissions to SGX RegCo. Only 59 companies out of 780 listed companies have obtained the status 

and these companies are being recognised as having a good corporate governance standing and compliance track record.

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

AND 

PUBLIC POLICY 

TARGET

GRI 102-9

• To uphold and 

adhere to the Group’s 

zero tolerance 

approach to corruption, 

bribery and fraud. 


31

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

A company of Yoma Strategic’s size and ambition needs a sound supply chain and 

strong partners to create the greatest possible value for its stakeholders.

Yoma Strategic recognises the need to work on this area and intends to conduct a supply chain review in the near future. For some operations, Yoma Strategic 

has started to source only from suppliers who meet international standards such as the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (“HACCP”), and also screen 

new suppliers using environmental and social criteria. Plans are in place to expand best practices across the Group, and progress will be shared in future reports. 

MANAGING	KFC’S	SUPPLY	CHAIN	IN	MYANMAR

As outlined above, the Group is committed to extending sustainability into the supply chains of its various business units. 

The rapidly expanding KFC franchise is a case in point – and may also serve as a good example of the challenges the Group 

have yet to overcome. KFC is committed to using local suppliers wherever it can throughout the organisation. The Group have 

put in place dedicated supply chain and quality assurance resources to elevate local suppliers to international standards 

through a stringent supplier qualification process, constant guidance and audits. More importantly, the Group is not 

running supply chain development as a stand-alone program, but as an integrated function throughout the organization. 

KFC sources only from suppliers who meet international standards (e.g. HACCP) in the areas of food safety and quality. It 

also ensures that its supply chain undergoes yearly food safety audits carried out by independent auditors. The restaurants 

follow strict standard operating procedures for food handling, hygiene and storage and are subject to regular checks by 

the in-house quality assurance team. 

Initial conversations with new suppliers are designed to help them understand what is required to meet international 

standards. The Group then work with these suppliers to implement the processes, procedures and documentation to be 

on-boarded as a “KFC approved” supplier. Once a supplier enters into a supply arrangement with KFC, the supplier code 

of conduct is strictly enforced. Furthermore, a number of the Group’s partners are committed to elevating the capabilities 

of the local supply chain. For example, the joint venture with Metro Group is working with a range of local suppliers to 

provide the hospitality and restaurant sector with quality goods and to focus not only on food safety, but also on traceability 

back to source. It is the intention of KFC Myanmar to work with the Metro joint venture in this initiative to expand its local 

supplier footprint.

Partnerships for a Better 

Myanmar – 

Yoma Strategic, its supply chain 

partners and Joint Ventures

GRI 102-9


32

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Building a nation starts with its people: Yoma 

Strategic’s business focuses on the people of Myanmar 

– in its workforce and the community at large

The second part of the Group’s Mission, Build a Better Myanmar for Its People, is critical to its significance. We strongly believe that a sense of purpose is required 

to unlock a company’s true potential and to deliver the best returns – for its shareholders and for society. The Group believes building a better Myanmar that does 

not consider the needs of the people of the country would be a hollow victory.

Yoma Strategic is, therefore, building its business with Myanmar’s people firmly in mind. In the early years of Yoma Strategic’s history, this was mostly limited 

to developing and investing in real-estate projects. As the firm strategically expanded into new business segments, it found that focusing on its people helped 

it to achieve clarity on the best way to grow, following a path that will bring inclusive prosperity to Myanmar and in return, create the foundation for long-term, 

sustained growth of Yoma Strategic.

Section 1: 

People




33

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Yoma Strategic’s engagement with local communities dates 

back to its inception. When Yoma Strategic was listed on the 

SGX in 2006, most businesses in Myanmar were facing major 

sanctions by the international community, leading to a severe 

shortage of resources and support from international partners. 

Leveraging the Group’s experience in Myanmar and its strong 

commitment to corporate governance, Yoma Strategic has forged 

strategic alliances with many international players, bringing 

much needed international expertise and business practices to 

Myanmar. Listing in Singapore, coupled with its reputation as 

the partner of choice in Myanmar, allowed Yoma Strategic to 

access opportunities that were inaccessible to most of its main 

domestic competitors. 

As many of the more intractable sustainability issues, such as 

climate change, were beyond its means to impact at that time, 

the Group initially focused its engagement with sustainability on 

what is commonly described as Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”). 

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 |103-3 | 413-1

Yoma Central made various donations to the community during the reporting period with a total value 

US$1,063,406:

1. Donation of kitchen units 

 Second-hand kitchen units from the showcase at the Yoma Central sales gallery with a value of approximately 

 US$3,000 were donated to the Catering and Hospitality Training Academy for Young People without education. 

 

Number of Trainees 

:  

approximately 150 

Training Period 

 

:  

8 months 

Age range of trainees 

:  

18 – 25 years old 

2. Construction of New RC Box Drain (1.2m x 1.2m) 

 A public drain was built along Bogyoke Road over a total length of 376 meters, benefitting the local community

 by providing flood relief during rainy seasons.Cost of the drain was US$1,055,206.8 

3. Donation of plywood 

 Plywood used in a mock-up showcase was donated to Mahar Thukha Monastery to be used as ceiling materials.  

Cost of plywood was approximately US$5,200

Starting in 2010, the Group adopted international standards to assess its performance on human rights and labour rights, including 

the OECD guidelines published in 2011 for the protection of human rights and social development. In 2012, Yoma Strategic joined 

the UNGC as one of its first members from Myanmar and has been a proud pioneer for the SDGs since their inception. Today, a 

majority of the Group’s operations have implemented local community engagements.

In order for these principles to be meaningful and provide tangible benefits to Yoma Strategic and all its stakeholders, the Group 

realised that it needed to further its efforts. Using the UNGC as a benchmark, it created a department to promote membership with 

the Global Compact and to coordinate its own activities more strategically.


34

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

MANAGEMENT APPROACH: 

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic 

The Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) is committed to contribute to Myanmar’s development and drive positive change 

to the communities in which Yoma Strategic operates. Its community framework focuses on improving education for children, 

promoting and raising awareness on responsible business practices and protecting its people and the environment. CSR is integrated 

into the Group’s business practices and behaviour, as well as into its involvement in various community projects.

Management and Evaluation

The Group complies with Myanmar laws and regulations and involves local communities affected by our projects when these projects 

require an Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”) or an Initial Environmental Examination (“IEE”).

The Group is a signatory to and actively supports and promotes the 10 Principles of the United Nations Global Compact.

In order to promote Responsible Business in Myanmar, the Group has used the Myanmar Business Coalition on Aid (“MBCA”) to deliver 

its CSR activities since July 2014. Beneficiaries are Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (“SME”) owners and their management 

teams. These projects are mainly educational and focus on promoting sustainable responsible business practices. Seminars and 

workshops are held for SME owners and their management teams throughout Myanmar.

Over the past year, more than 1,800 individuals have attended MBCA seminars and workshops. With 80% of all businesses in 

Myanmar made up of SMEs, the Group is committed to supporting this group of owners and helping them thrive and grow, which 

will eventually lead to more employment and empowerment in local communities.

The Group CSR Committee sets the strategy and reviews the CSR activities, and its own performance annually.

The Group will continue to make its CSR efforts more sustainable. For example, instead of simply donating an amount of cash to a 

village, the Group strive to also assist villagers to create a committee that will manage this money, help them open a bank account, 

and teach them how to make the money last for the longest possible amount of time. This vision of CSR—sustainable, long-lasting and 

as a capacity-builder—is the next step of evolution.

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 |103-3 | 413-1

LOCAL 

COMMUNITIES  

TARGET

• Number of hours 

Yoma Strategic 

staff volunteer for 

community activities : 

8,000 hours in FY2019.




35

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Case Study 1: Mechanising Myanmar’s Agricultural Sector

The agriculture sector dominates Myanmar’s economy, contributing 38% of GDP and employing more than 60% of the 

workforces7.

Yoma Strategic is actively working to enable mechanisation in farming, bringing the latest agricultural technology, including 

implements, to Myanmar. Apart from offering a solution to the shortage of labour, mechanisation also serves the purpose 

of making farming more sustainable, through the efficient use of land, seeds, and fertiliser and reduced greenhouse gas 

emissions from nitrogen oxides.

Financing machinery purchases, however, is a significant issue. The Group is, therefore, working with its affiliated company, 

Yoma Bank Limited, to provide 5-year hire purchase agreements to local farmers, the first company in Myanmar to do so.

As it is already seeing the effects of climate change in Myanmar’s rural areas, the Group’s Heavy Equipment business is 

intentionally diversifying its product offering to help vulnerable farmers mitigate some of those effects and provide stability in 

a fast-changing environment.

New Holland has a dedicated maintenance team and 30 fully equipped mobile maintenance vehicles throughout Myanmar 

to help farmers maintain their machines. The team helps farmers fine-tune their machines for better fuel consumption and 

also provide synthetic oils to stretch the servicing intervals of the engines. The used oil is then recycled for other agricultural 

equipment where a lower grade of oil is required. This helps to prevent the disposal of used oil in soil and rivers.

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 |103-3 | 413-1

7 https://blogs.worldbank.org/eastasiapacific/unleashing-myanmar-agricultural-potential

8 https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/videos/myanmar-plays-catchup-with-the-world-over-cashless-payment-9907986

9 Wave Money internal data as at 31 March 2018

Case Study 2: Wave Money

More than 80% of Myanmar’s population is currently unbanked8 – fundamentally limiting their ability to participate in economic 

activities many consider to be basic necessities.

In March 2018, Yoma Strategic announced its entry into Financial Services with the acquisition of a 34% stake in the leading 

mobile payment provider, Wave Money. 

Mr. Serge Pun, Yoma Strategic’s Executive Chairman said, “Adding Financial Services as our Fourth Pillar is one of the most 

significant developments for Yoma Strategic in recent years. Financial Services is the backbone of the economy. Currently, the 

lack of credit and limitations in financial access is hampering growth. We aim to push innovative mobile financial services, 

including payment and credit extensions, to drive efficiency in the sector. Wave Money has an excellent head start with its broad 

reach across the country, and is a platform that we will leverage as we develop our offering in the sector”.

Wave Money is the first and leading mobile financial services company in Myanmar, providing a simple and fast way of sending 

and receiving money either over the counter, at a Wave Money agent or via an easy to use mobile app. Wave Money has an 

extensive network of more than 32,000 agents throughout Myanmar, more than 13 times the number of bank branches and six 

times the number of ATM’s in the Country9. The agent network currently covers 85% of the country, this includes those residing 

in rural areas with limited or no access to traditional banking services. Through Wave Money, thousands of people a day are now 

sending money to support their families and facilitate business operations, providing financial inclusion to millions of people. 

As one of the leading FinTech companies in Myanmar, Wave Money also provides digital payment solutions to facilitate utility 

bill payments, e-commerce payments and salary disbursements.

Wave Money caters to Myanmar’s migrant worker population who are moving to Myanmar’s urban centres for work and 

who need to support their families in their home villages by periodically sending a part of their earned wages. Wave Money 

successfully addresses the financial exclusion and weak economic integration of millions of Myanmar citizens.


36

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 |103-3 | 413-1

LABOUR 

MANAGEMENT 

RELATIONS, 

CHILD LABOUR, 

FORCED	LABOUR,	

COLLECTIVE 

BARGAINING

TARGET

• We want to prevent 

the use of child labour 

by raising awareness 

to identify children at 

work.

Selected Philanthropic Activities

The Group, together with Yangon City Development Committee (“YCDC”) and FMI, holds an annual marathon in the city of 

Yangon. The Yoma Yangon International Marathon (“YYIM”) which started in 2013 aims to inspire athletes and connect 

communities both locally and internationally through the promotion of healthy living. YYIM will continue its charity theme of 

“Run for Children” and raise funds for underprivileged children in Myanmar.

Growing in popularity with each year, 8,787 local runners and 408 international runners registered to participate in YYIM 2018 

compared to 8,000 runners in YYIM 2017.

An important part of YYIM is fundraising for charity. With each YYIM event held, proceeds of fundraising have been donated to 

improve the lives of youth in Myanmar. With the theme of ‘Run for Children’, YYIM 2018 fundraising efforts were donated to the 

following four charity groups in Yangon Division:

• YCDC Non-Profit Child Day Care Centre for Low-Income Citizens

• Su Htoo Pan Youth Development Centre, (Thanlyin)

• Happy Haven Humanitarian Project, (Tapin Shwe Htee Rd, East Dagon, Ward 11)

• Zayar Shwe Taung Youth Development Centre, (Hlegu)

• Myanmar Red Cross Society 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH:  

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic 

Labour management includes basic labour practices such as those described by the ILO such as not hiring child labour or forced 

labour. This material issue also covers collective bargaining, freedom of association, and sub-issues as a minimum number of weeks’ 

notice provided to employees prior to significant operational changes. 

Management and Evaluation

Yoma Strategic’s Human Rights Policy sets out the Group’s clear stance on Human Rights. This policy is publicly available on the

Yoma Strategic’s website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/ir_code.php.


37

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Strongly committed to being a responsible employer in Myanmar, Yoma Strategic is setting the benchmark for domestic and 

international companies operating in the country. From state-of-the-art workplaces in its new corporate headquarters, The Campus 

at Pun Hlaing Estate, to the working conditions and career opportunities that the Group is bringing to all parts of Myanmar, Yoma 

Strategic is creating a work environment that reflects the best international business has to offer.

As of 31 March 2018, Yoma Strategic employed 4,065 employees in total. The Group’s operations is made up of 36 corporate entities, 

the vast majority of which are based in Myanmar.

Workforce by Gender and level of seniority

YOMA 

STRATEGIC 

HEAD OFFICE

REAL 

ESTATE

AUTOMOTIVE

CONSUMER

FINANCIAL 

SERVICES

INVESTMENTS

TOTAL

EXECUTIVES

MALE 

4

1

2

1

1

1

10

FEMALE

6

6

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

MALE 

2

13

6

3

2

1

27

FEMALE

4

6

1

1

1

13

NON EXECUTIVES

MALE 

40

1,233

295

586

67

133

2,354

FEMALE

87

856

185

396

15

116

1,655

 

GRAND TOTAL

4,065

Source: Internal data

BOARD DIVERSITY PLEDGE

The Board welcomes the push for greater diversity in the boardroom which can provide a more diverse approach to business decision 

making. The Company had, on 28 August 2015, supported the Board Diversity Pledge initiated by SID and SGX-ST where the Company 

pledged its commitment to promoting diversity as a key attribute of a well functioning and effective Board and belief that a diverse 

Board will enhance decision making by harnessing the variety of skills, industry and business experiences, gender, age, ethnicity 

and culture, geographical background and nationalities, tenure of service, and other distinguishing qualities of the members of the 

Board.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH: 

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic 

The Group recognises that employees are the foundation of its businesses and believes that a strong workforce will provide a better 

foundation to capitalise on the emerging opportunities in Myanmar. By nurturing their individual talents and providing them with 

opportunities for personal growth and career development, Yoma Strategic is helping its employees realise their full potential. As an 

organisation, the Group sees itself as a catalyst to empowering its people to perform at their best. 

Yoma Strategic is committed to a working environment that is free of discrimination of any kind. As a committed nation-builder, 

the Group believes that it has to lead by example and ensure that internationally recognised best practices are established early in 

Myanmar’s rapid development process.

The Group is a founding member of the Business Coalition for Gender Equality (“BCGE”) and strives to be a role model to other 

companies in this regard.

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7

DIVERSITY 

AND EQUAL 

OPPORTUNITY 

TARGET

• Number of managers 

undergo training on

anti-harassment or 

how to deal with 

harassments: 50% of 

managers to be trained 

in FY2019.


38

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

In December 2017, Yoma Strategic established a 10-member Group Diversity and Inclusion Council, which is chaired by the Head of 

Human Resources and includes nine members of the Yoma Group Executive Committee. 

The Council is currently focusing on four initiatives:

• Building Leaders

• Unconscious Bias Training

• Policies

• Training &amp; Awareness

Management and Evaluation

The relevant principles and policies are reflected in the Group’s Code of Conduct, which is publicly available on Yoma Strategic’s 

website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/ir_code.php.

All employee policies, practices and terms and conditions are non-discriminatory.

 

As members of the Business Coalition for Gender Equality, the Group is currently undergoing the Economic Dividends for Gender 

Equality EDGE Certification – the global assessment methodology and business certification standard for Gender Equality. The first two 

assessments will be completed early in FY2019 financial year and future goals and plans will be set based on the assessment report.

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION @ YOMA STRATEGIC

TO	BUILD	A	BETTER	MYANMAR	FOR	ITS	PEOPLE

Employee Satisfaction Vision: We invest in our people to build careers around a 

shared culture of fairness, diversity, empowerment and recognition

The Mission

The Vision

Focus Areas

BUILDING

LEADERS

UNCONSCIOUS

BIAS

TRAINING /

AWARENESS

POLICY

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7


39

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Employee Engagement 

GRI 102-8

The Group invests in its people to build careers around a shared culture of fairness, diversity, empowerment and recognition. 

Successful employee engagement is a necessary requirement for the Group’s ambitious growth plans and progress towards achieving 

its Mission. To track how Yoma Strategic is doing and to give its employees an opportunity to provide feedback, an employee survey 

is conducted periodically. Survey results have been overwhelmingly positive, which has led Human Resources to look into ways of 

getting more nuanced feedback from employees. Among the possibilities currently being evaluated is the use of new technologies 

to analyse the effectiveness of the Group’s training programs. The Group will be reporting on its progress and the evolution of its 

employee engagement in future sustainability reports.

63

84

• PERMANENT EMPLOYEES

• FIXED	TERM	/	TEMPORARY	EMPLOYEES

No. of Employees

GENDER

MALE

FEMALE

3000

2500

2000

1500

1000

500

0

2,328

1,590

With the exception of one female part-time employee, all Group employees are full-time.

Total Number of Employees by Employment Contract, by Country

REGION

PERMANENT

TEMPORARY

TOTAL

Myanmar

3,903

147

4,050

Singapore

15

0

15

Total

3,918

147

4,065

Data has been compiled by Yoma Strategic’s Human Resources department and covers the following  sectors and projects:

• Real Estate: Pun Hlaing Estate, StarCity, Yoma Central, Yoma Development Group, SPA Design

• Automotive: New Holland, JCB Yoma, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi Motors, Ducati

• Consumer: KFC, KOSPA 

• Financial Services: Yoma Fleet

• Investments: Agriculture and Yoma Micro Power 

Merit-Based Employment

Merit-based employment means that all Group employees are given the same level of opportunities to succeed, regardless of their 

background. The Group understands the importance of giving its people autonomy and room to grow, both as individuals and as 

valued employees. As such, fulfilling careers are planned for and built upon the numerous opportunities constantly being generated 

within the Group.

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7


40

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Succession Planning

While senior management currently comprises a large number of expatriates who provide skills and expertise that would otherwise 

not be readily available in Myanmar. A key KPI of these managers is to appoint a local replacement to their position within five years. 

Meeting this KPI involves the planned and coordinated transfer of knowledge to local staff, which provides unique opportunities to 

the Group’s local employees based on their individual performance, and regardless of gender, religion, or cultural identity.

To support these activities, the Group has also established partnerships with private institutions such as the Global Institute For 

Tomorrow (“GIFT”) and the Singapore Institute of Management (“SIM”) to develop high impact training courses for the development 

of its future leaders.

Embracing Diversity 

GRI 405-1 | 406-1

Yoma Strategic’s workforce consists of more than 24 nationalities as well as a large and growing number of returnees - Myanmar 

citizens returning home and joining the Group to build a better Myanmar for its people. 

Lastly, the Group’s employment statistics show a balanced gender balance where female employees represent 41% and male 

employees represent 59%. No incidents of discrimination were recorded during the reporting period.

Percentage of employees

Percentage of employees

EMPLOYEE CATEGORY BY AGE

EMPLOYEE CATEGORY AND GENDER

100%

90%

80%

70%

60%

50%

40%

30%

20%

10%

0

100%

90%

80%

70%

60%

50%

40%

30%

20%

10%

0

63%

56%

67%

65%

59%

60%

37%

44%

33%

35%

41%

35%

6.5%

EXECUTIVES

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EMPLOYEES

• FEMALE

6

13

1655

• MALE

10

27

2354

EXECUTIVES

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EMPLOYEES

• &gt;50 years

7

14

259

• 30-50 years

9

26

1342

• &lt;30 years

0

0

2408

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7


41

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH: 

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 404-1

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic

The Group’s Vision: The Group invests in its people to build careers around a shared culture of fairness, diversity, empowerment and 

recognition. As such the training, development and retention of talent in the organisation is very important to the Group.

Management and Evaluation

Key practices include:

• Employee Orientation

• Performance Appraisal 

• Career Planning

• Training and Development

Developing the Group workforce means providing continuous learning opportunities for its employees. Training and development 

programs cover a wide variety of topics to equip its employees with the relevant knowledge and skill sets to achieve goals such as 

higher productivity, efficiency, and workplace harmony but also health and safety, human rights and sustainability-related topics. 

Health and Safety training relate to safety working in hot climates and confined spaces, handling electrical equipment, fire drills, etc. 

Examples of training courses conducted in the reporting period include sustainability topics ranging from impacts of climate change, 

sustainable consumption, methodologies for obtaining sustainability certification, green meetings, resource efficiency, shared value, 

waste management and specifically how to eliminate single-use plastics and how to recycle to communicating on sustainability, 

materiality topics, SDGs, the Refill not Landfill campaign and general sustainability tips. During the reporting period, 21,976 hours 

of training were conducted for its employees. 

Caring for People 

GRI 407-1 | 408-1 | 409-1 | 412-2

The Group cares for its people and their welfare. As people will always be a vital resource in the organisation, employees are treated 

fairly and with respect. The Group believes in supporting the development of an organisational structure and culture that promotes 

motivation, performance, mutual respect, trust and transparency. This organisational structure is at the forefront of ethical behaviour 

in Myanmar.

Yoma Strategic is aware of the human rights risks in its operations and supply chain, including risks of child or forced labour, and 

operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk. It has rolled out training 

programs on human rights for its employees, and all new employees receive training in HR policies and procedures during their first 

month of employment. During the reporting period, all new employees were trained in human rights policies or procedures. Yoma 

Strategic also intends to conduct training on human rights for all new employees and is looking to introduce additional training on 

human rights for its existing employees in the next reporting period.

No cases of human rights breaches, violations or complaints were identified nor reported during this reporting period.

Trade Unions were legalised in Myanmar in 2012 and in 2015 the Confederation of Trade Unions of Myanmar (“CTUM”) was officially 

recognised. It is an Umbrella body with various federations.

Currently, none of the Yoma Group businesses have Unions. As signatories to the UN Global Compact, Yoma Strategic recognises 

employees’ right to belong to unions, and it also follows Myanmar Labour Law in this regard.

Yoma Strategic does not ask or require employees to disclose if they are members of CTUM or any other Union. 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7

TRAINING, 

DEVELOPMENT 

AND TALENT 

RETENTION 

TARGET

• Number of training 

hours 40,650 hours 

per year by FY2020.


42

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

• TOTAL	NUMBER	OF	EMPLOYEES	 	

 

• TOTAL NEW HIRES

TOTAL NEW HIRES

85+15

15%

4,065

602

Workforce Movement

GRI 401-1 

As of 31 March 2018, the Group has a workforce of 4,065 employees, representing an increase of 17.4% compared to last year. The 

Group has been building up its Automotive &amp; Heavy Equipment and F&amp;B businesses. The number of New Holland / JCB branches 

and KFC stores have increased over the last two years. The increase in headcount was largely due to the expansion of these new 

businesses.

The opening up of Myanmar has led to increased competition for talent, however, the Group has been achieving a healthy retention 

rate. The hiring rate in FY2018 was 14.8% which was almost equal to the turnover rate of 15.0%.

NEW HIRES BY AGE GROUP

&lt; 30 YEARS

30-50 YEARS

&gt;50 YEARS

TOTAL

Number of New Hires

418

172

12

602

Rate of new hires  

(As a proportion of total number of employees)

10%

4%

0%

Rate of new hires  

(As a proportion of no. of employees in age group)

17%

12%

4%

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7


43

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

NEW HIRES BY GENDER

MALE

FEMALE

TOTAL

Number of new hires

334

268

602

Rate of new hires (As a proportion of total number of employees)

8%

7%

Rate of new hires (As a proportion of no. of employees in gender group)

14%

16%

NEW HIRES BY REGION

MYANMAR

SINGAPORE

TOTAL

Number of new hires

602

0

602

Rate of new hires (As a proportion of total number of employees) 

15%

0%

Rate of new hires (As a proportion of no. of employees in region)

15%

0%

TURNOVER BY AGE GROUP

&lt; 30 YEARS

30-50 YEARS

&gt;50 YEARS

TOTAL

No. of voluntary turnover

396

195

16

607

No. of non-voluntary turnover

0

3

0

3

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of total number of employees)

10%

5%

0%

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of no. of employees in age group)

16%

14%

6%

TURNOVER BY GENDER

MALE

FEMALE

TOTAL

No. of voluntary turnover

377

230

607

No. of non-voluntary turnover

2

1

3

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of total number of employees)

9%

6%

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of no. of employees in gender group)

16%

14%

TURNOVER BY REGION

MYANMAR

SINGAPORE

TOTAL

No. of voluntary turnover

607

0

607

No. of non-voluntary turnover

3

0

3

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of total number of employees)

15%

0%

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-voluntary turnover 

(As a proportion of no. of employees in region)

15%

0%

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

GRI 102-7


44

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Case Study 3: Defining new standards as a responsible employer – Yoma Strategic and the KFC franchise

Yoma Strategic’s Human Resources department has a firm focus on local communities. Wherever possible, Yoma Strategic 

hires locally, especially outside of the Yangon region. As an example, about 97% of the staff in its KFC restaurants are 

local. The Group is similarly dedicated to diversity. About half of KFC’s staff in restaurant operations are female, including 

management positions such as the Heads of Restaurant Excellence, Area Coaches and Restaurant General Managers.

Partnering with strong brands with established track records on sustainability-related topics allows Yoma Strategic to 

leverage the economic power of these brands to create value propositions that may otherwise be hard to achieve locally. As 

Yoma Strategic’s CFO and Managing Director of its KFC business puts it: “The beauty of bringing international brands to this 

country is that it helps us to create awareness for social and HR topics.”

All parts of the Group, including its KFC outlets, have to follow Group policies on health and safety, anti-corruption, etc. 

In addition, the Environmental and Social Management System, which the Group has adopted, includes guidelines on 

employee and labour relations, working conditions, emergency preparedness and Environment and Social requirements on 

contractors and suppliers. Training hours for all employees are tracked (please see details in main section).

The evidence of the success is in the numbers: while globally, Quick Service Restaurants (“QSR”) can see turnover of up to 

300% per year10 , KFC Myanmar has only a 60% turnover.

Yoma Strategic supports career building with dedicated training and annual performance appraisals, which are conducted 

regularly to allow employees to prove that they are ready to advance to the next level in their careers.

Being an employer of choice is not just about ‘doing good’; investing in its workforce, combined with high retention rates, 

also creates economic value, allowing Yoma Strategic to grow stably and sustainably.

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

10 KFC Myanmar Internal data




45

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

 MANAGEMENT APPROACH: 

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic 

Providing a healthy and safe work environment for employees, customers, business partners and visitors is one of Yoma Strategic’s 

top priorities. Every employee has a personal responsibility to support this commitment.

Employees are obliged to carry out their work in a safe manner, without causing harm to themselves or others, and to report any 

potentially unsafe or unhealthy situations immediately.

They must observe and follow all safety and environmental regulations laid down in the operations instructions, including putting on 

the necessary safety equipment, where applicable.

Management and Evaluation

GRI 403-2

Key policies include:

• Code of Conduct

• Environmental, Health and Safety Policy

Details of these policies are publicly available on Yoma Strategic‘s website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/ir_code.php.

An example of how we incorporate environmental and social considerations into business strategy, and allocate adequate resources 

to manage EH&amp;S risks associated with projects, please see ‘ WhatsApp Occupational Health &amp; Safety Hotline’ below. 

WhatsApp Occupational Health &amp; Safety Hotline 

Maintaining a safe and healthy working environment for its 

workforce is one of Yoma Strategic ’s top priorities. In the event of 

a workplace safety incident, the Managers of our Yoma Central and 

StarCity developments will report it directly to the Group’s Head of 

Risk Management and Assurance, Ms Win Min Htwe through Yoma 

Strategic’s WhatsApp Hotline for Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Reporting.

This Hotline was initiated by the Risk Management and Assurance 

Department to enable robust and instant communication of 

workplace incidents. The Group is planning to extend the hotline to 

all parts of its business operations. 

HEALTH AND 

SAFETY

TARGET

• Average number 

of training hours per 

employee per year: 

5% increased from 

FY2018.

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people

 HEALTH 

&amp;	SAFETY	

HOTLINE

A	SAFE

WORKING

ENVIRONMENT

SAFTY

EQUIPMENT

AND CLOTHES

OHS

TRAINING

OHSAS

18001

CERTIFICATION

WORKING

HOURS


46

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Safety data excludes Yoma Fleet, Ducati and Volkswagen. There were no fatalities or incidences of occupational diseases.

Injury Rate (no. of injuries per million man-hours worked)

EMPLOYEE 

OTHER WORKERS

MALE

FEMALE

MALE

FEMALE

FY2017

11.71

6.88

9.03

29.97

Lost Day Rate (no. of lost days per million man-hours worked)

EMPLOYEE 

MALE

FEMALE

FY2017

95.47

0

Injury types include animal bites, falls, and road accidents.

System of rules in reporting and recording accidents:

• Draft injury report is delivered within 24 hours and then full formal accident report is issued within 1 week

• The workers report to the estate medical officer for treatment and the medical officer records the number of people who only 

need first-aid level treatment

• The medical officer will report to the management for any important/serious cases of accidents

• Follows the government labour law and reports to top management and the risk management team

ABSENTEE RATE BY GENDER

MALE

FEMALE

Absentee Rate

0.11%

0.06%

Overall Absentee Rate

0.09%

ABSENTEE RATE BY REGION

MYANMAR

SINGAPORE

Absentee Rate

0.09%

0%

Building a better Myanmar for its people – 

with its people


47

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

Section 2: 

PLANET

Balancing the need for rapid development with 

good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources: 

Yoma Strategic is dedicated to safeguarding, 

and where possible, improving Myanmar’s environment 

– for the people of Myanmar, and to ensure 

the sustainability of its own business.

The Group is mindful of its environmental impact and aware of the complexities involved in topics like climate change and water preservation. Yoma Strategic 

considers its net impact on the environment to be positive, but many challenges remain in a country developing as rapidly as Myanmar.




48

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

MANAGEMENT APPROACH: 

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Why this is Material to Yoma Strategic

The management of climate-related risks and opportunities is an integral part of Yoma Strategic.

The Group has started collecting data across its subsidiaries to account for their emissions. A set of performance targets will help to 

reduce the Group’s carbon emissions, energy and water consumption and waste. Data collected this year and next will be used as 

baseline data to set performance targets. The Group aims to set quantitative targets in FY2020. Meanwhile, it also aims to reduce 

single-use plastic and minimise harm to the environment.

1. Through its many business activities, the Group is impacting the environment and has implemented its policy on EH&amp;S in support 

of a Group-wide Corporate Governance framework, to: 

• 

foster greater awareness of sustainable approaches across the Group;

• 

enhance its capabilities to identify and manage adverse impacts from all business activities; and

• 

instil a culture of ‘no harm, less pollution and wider conservation approaches to protect the environment’ in all business 

operations.

More details of the EH&amp;S policy are publicly available on Yoma Strategic‘s website at http://www.yomastrategic.com/html/

ir_code.php.

2. The Group is a signatory to and actively supports and promotes the 10 Principles of United Nations Global Compact, including

 the ones pertaining to the Environment:

• 

Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges; and 

• 

Principle 8: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and

• 

Principle 9: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

In addition to the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework (for details, please see Yoma Strategic’s Annual Report 2018, 

pages 78-81), the Group established an Environmental &amp; Social Management System (“ESMS”) in 2014 to enhance the business’s 

resilience and agility. The Group’s ESMS developed in line with the requirements of IFC’s Performance Standards, is a complete set 

of Environmental &amp; Social Management policies and procedures that provide a framework and guidelines to help the Group identify 

anticipated risks and their impact on each business and industry sector.

It has since been updated to comply with ADB’s Safeguard Policy Statement requirements to achieve the following:

• Incorporate environmental and social considerations into business strategy, and allocate adequate resources to the ESMS risks 

associated with projects;

• Promote a safe, clean and healthy environment and a better work culture to minimise any adverse environment, health, safety 

and social impacts arising out of operations;

• Establish the ESMS system and processes to adhere to and comply with applicable legislation, regulations and other requirements 

pertaining to the environment, health, safety, labour and the community at large; 

• Optimise energy and resources by way of minimising wastes and increasing use of environmentally sustainable products, 

materials and services; 

• Monitor, report and improve applicable procedures and performances (where required) regularly; and

• Communicate the ESMS policy to all employees, contractors, suppliers and business partners.

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

CLIMATE 

CHANGE, ENERGY 

AND WATER 

USE, WASTE AND 

EFFLUENTS

TARGET

• Collect baseline 

environmental data 

in FY2018 &amp; FY2019 

to set numeric taget in 

FY2020.

• Reduce the use of 

plastics and minimise

harm to the environment.


49

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

The ESMS highlights the Group’s commitment to put in place adequate management systems and protocols that will help manage 

environmental and social risks arising from the various activities of the Group. It plays a key role in combating corruption and 

safeguarding compliance across the Group, its partners and Yoma Strategic’s supply chain.

Climate change is both a local and global challenge. The Group is taking responsibility and is doing its part in the concerted effort to 

reduce greenhouse gas emissions: not only by reducing energy use in its operations (for example through the installation of solar 

panels on the rooftop of The Campus in March 2018), but also through its efforts towards reforming the agricultural sector and by 

bringing solar power to rural areas (see case studies below).

All building and non-building data in this section reflects Yoma Strategic’s Headquarters: The Campus located in Yangon, Myanmar 

(it excludes Yoma Strategic’s Singapore office) and the following businesses of Yoma Strategic: 

• Yoma Land: Pun Hlaing Estate, StarCity, Yoma Central, Yoma Development Group (excluding SPA Design)

• Yoma Motors: Yoma Heavy Equipment, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi Motors, Ducati

• Yoma F&amp;B11: KFC, KOSPA 

• Yoma Financial Services: Yoma Fleet

• Investments: MAGT Agriculture and Yoma Micro Power

Yoma Micro Power generated 264,338MJ of solar power and sold it to telecom towers and communities in FY2018. Pun Hlaing Estate 

generated and consumed 285,562.8MJ of solar power.

KOSPA and YOMA Fleet are the only businesses under Yoma Strategic that has cooling consumption. Cooling consumption in FY2018 

was 2,178,267.7 MJ.

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

11 Data does not include Little Sheep and Auntie Anne’s TM as they were announced in May 2018 and November 2018 respectively.




50

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Energy Intensity

GRI 302-3

The Group’s energy intensity is 182.7 MJ/m2. 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

Total GHG Emissions Table

GRI 305-1 | 305-2

2017 GHG EMISSIONS (tCO2e)

Scope 1

2,191

Scope 2

5,490

TOTAL

7,681

Scope 1 (Direct emissions): Emissions being released straight into the atmosphere by direct diesel consumption and petrol 

consumption12. Scope 1; emission factor is based on the GHG Protocol Emission Factors from Cross-Sector Tools (March 2017). 

Scope 2 (Energy indirect emissions): Emissions being released into the atmosphere associated with consumption of electricity, 

heat, steam and cooling. Scope 2 Emission factor is based on ADB’s 2017 Guidelines for Estimating GHG Emissions of ADB Projects. 

12 https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/69282/pb13309- ghg-guidance-0909011.pdf

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

FUEL CONSUMPTION

 (MJ)

RENEWABLE 

(MJ)

INDIRECT ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION

TOTAL ENERGY 

CONSUMPTION

DIESEL 

CONSUMPTION 

PETROL 

CONSUMPTION  

SOLAR 

CONSUMPTION 

COOLING 

CONSUMPTION 

ELECTRICITY 

CONSUMPTION 

Buildings

11,529,349.1

13,928.7

285,562.8

2,178,267.7

48,987,349.3

62,994,456.0

Non Buildings

27,529,954.3

49,719.6

0.0

0.0

788,742.0

28,368,413.1

Total

39,059,303.4

63,648.3

285,562.8

2,178,267.7

49,776,091.3

91,362,869.1

 

Energy consumption data was calculated from utility bills and meters. Fuel properties were sourced from Greenhouse Gas Protocol 

Emission Factors from Cross Sector Tools, March 2017 version.

Detailed energy consumption of our four core businesses and other investments are in Annex page 70.

Energy Consumption

GRI 302-1

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION TABLE IN MJ


51

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity

GRI 305-4

The table below shows GHG intensity (including both Scope 1 and 2 emissions) for Yoma Strategic four core business divisions and 

our investments in tonnes of CO2e/m2. 

GHG INTENSITY (SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS) 

TONNES OF CO2e/m2 

Yoma Land 

0.012 

Yoma Motors 

0.013 

Yoma F&amp;B 

0.164 

Yoma Financial Services 

0.023 

Investments 

0.018 

• YOMA LAND

• YOMA MOTORS

•	YOMA	F&amp;B

•	YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

• INVESTMENTS

1+1+23+11+64

11%

23%

1%

1%

64%

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

Total GHG Emissions by tonnes of CO2e

TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS 

Yoma Land

4,899.6

Yoma Motors

834.4

Yoma F&amp;B

1,780.4

Yoma Financial Services

49.3

Investments

117.4

TOTAL

7681.10

Total GHG Emissions by tonnes of CO2e


52

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Water Consumption

GRI 303-1

TOTAL WATER CONSUMPTION IN CUBIC METERS

Yoma Land

4,786,032

Yoma Motors

75,395

Yoma F&amp;B

16,812

Yoma Financial Services

0

Investments

125,393

TOTAL

5,003,632

Total Water Consumption in cubic meters

0.0%

3+1+2+94

2.5%

1.5%

0.3%

95.7%

Most of the Group’s real estate and automotive use groundwater. Water data includes nine Yoma Heavy Equipment branches, Ducati, 

Volkswagen, MAGT, Pun Hlaing Estate’s buildings, The Campus, StarCity’s buildings, KFC restaurants, Pun Hlaing Estate and StarCity 

golf courses, MAGT’s coffee plantation and Mitsubishi. It should be noted that some of the Group companies do not know how much 

water they consume, as water is taken directly from the well and metering is not available. As Myanmar’s infrastructure improves, the 

Group will be including additional data in future sustainability reports.

Waste

GRI 306-2

TYPE OF WASTE

DISPOSAL METHOD

WEIGHT (TONNE)

HAZARDOUS WASTE

Reused 

1

Disposed in landfill

36

Total

37

NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE

Reused

16,981

Recycled

2,456

Disposed in landfill

84,906 

Total

104,343

Waste is disposed directly by entities of Yoma Strategic.

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources

• YOMA LAND

• YOMA MOTORS

•	YOMA	F&amp;B

•	YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

• INVESTMENTS


53

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Waste reduction at Yoma Strategic

Yoma Strategic is raising awareness on reducing the use of single use plastics and the importance of recycling to reduce 

items being sent to landfill. 

The Group is part of the “Refill Not Landfill” campaign. This initiative aims to cut down on the millions of plastic water bottles 

discarded each year by offering an alternative: reusable aluminium bottles. These bottles can be refilled free of charge at 

partners venues, including The Campus, Yoma Heavy Equipment branches, Yoma Bank branches, Pun Hlaing Estate and 

StarCity Country Clubs, and Golf Courses, shops, hotels and restaurants.

Yoma Strategic is implementing guidelines in its procurement practices to substantially reduce waste generation through 

prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse. Instead of using plastic bottles at its head office, Yoma Strategic uses glass jars 

to refill from 20L water dispensers. This has had an impact of a yearly reduction on plastic bottles ending in our landfills of 

over 13,200 bottles per year and economic savings of 89.5%.



Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources


54

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Today, 70% of Myanmar’s population – 36 million people, mostly living in rural areas – are still living without access to 

electricity13.

Case Study 4: Power to the People – Building Micro Grids in Myanmar’s Remote Areas 

GRI 305-5

By 2030, Myanmar’s electricity demand is expected to be 80,000 GWh - more than six times current consumption14. Power 

generation capacity is not growing quickly enough to meet this rapidly growing national demand and, most importantly, 

it will not be possible to economically expand the grid into rural areas that have the greatest need to meet SDGs Goal 7 of 

100% electrification by 2030.

Without access to electricity, the majority of Myanmar’s people will not be able to lift themselves out of poverty. They will 

not be able to start businesses, find the means to provide their children with a decent education or protect themselves from 

life’s hardships. In order to address this issue and provide an alternative energy solution, Yoma Strategic, in partnership 

with the Rockefeller Foundation, the World Bank, ADB and USAID, is a founding member of the Smart Power Myanmar 

initiative.

The Smart Power Myanmar initiative is designed to address these issues by  advancing public-private partnerships to 

accelerate universal rural electrification in Myanmar through decentralised electrification pathways. Smart Power Myanmar 

will seek to support and coordinate stakeholders in the off-grid/mini-grid industry through market research, information 

sharing, village-level microfinance, and policy development.

The Group’s joint venture company, Yoma Micro Power, will operate both off-grid and grid-connected solar micro power 

plants with an individual capacity between 30-100kW. Each power plant will come with battery storage and diesel generator 

backup to ensure uninterrupted service. Long-term power purchase agreements will be put in place with commercial users 

(e.g. telecommunications towers) as “anchor tenants”, while individual customers in the surrounding rural communities 

will get access through a pre-paid model.

70+30

36 million people without access to electricity

89% of villagers without access to the grid

RURAL ELECTRIFICATION IN MYANMAR

ELECTRIFICATION IN MYANMAR

*Majority of the un-electrified population are in rural areas

Total 

64,917 Villages

Electrified

Population

(15.4 Million)

Only 

6,917 Villages (11%)

are electrified through

national-grid.

Un-electrified

Population

(36 Million)

70%

30%

13 The World Bank. “Project Appraisal Document for a National Electrification Project”. 25 August 2015.

14 Billen, Dieter. “Electrifying Myanmar’s power grids”. Myanmar Times. 17 Aug 2016. Available at: https://www.mmtimes.com/business/22004-electrifying-myanmar-s-power-grids.html

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources


55

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Case Study 4: Power to the People – Building Micro Grids in Myanmar’s Remote Areas

 Below are examples demonstrating the power of shared value from the Group’s investment in Yoma Micro Power:

 

• Villages that have no access to electricity today (nor any hope of electrification in the foreseeable future) will get access 

to stable, clean and affordable energy without having to wait for major infrastructure investments. 

• Businesses that rely on electricity will be able to expand into rural areas, providing an entirely new quality of life to 

residents as well as business opportunities for Myanmar’s next generation of entrepreneurs. 

• Some of the electricity will be dedicated to powering telecommunications towers, facilitating the expansion of mobile 

networks into rural areas and improving the connectivity of Myanmar’s population. 

• Utilising clean renewable energy to underpin this network allows Myanmar to avoid fossil fuel-based development at 

its inception

By deploying these decentralised, renewable energy power plants, Yoma Micro Power can expand electricity access while 

avoiding significant amounts of GHG emissions. In total, Yoma Micro Power made total community investments of 

US$2,000,000 as of 31 March 2018 across 10 micro power plants in Sagaing Region. All 10 power plants are providing a 

lease payment to a village landowner. Four of the ten power plants are providing electricity to members of the village. The 

remaining six micro power plants provide power only to the telecommunications towers. All 10 plants avoid the greenhouse 

gasses associated with running a diesel generator 24/7 as was being done before to power the telecommunication towers. 

Yoma Micro Power is currently operating ten pilot sites in Sagaing region, and the intention is to scale up operations 

to more than two thousand sites over the next few years. Yoma Strategic is extremely excited about the potential of this 

initiative and look forward to reporting on the progress and the impact this is having on local communities in its future 

reports.

Key performance data:

•     10 micro power plants &amp; four mini-grids in off-grid, rural areas in Sagaing Region

•     Total pilot installation = 165 kW of solar power

•     Daily generation from solar = 540 kWh

•     Annual generation = 197 MWh

•     Annual Diesel Savings = 62,500 l

•     Annual reduction in CO2 = 167.305 ton 

•     Equivalent number of trees planted = 6,700

Micro Power Plant

30-100kW Solar PV 

with storage

batteries and DG 

back-up

Mini-grid

Telecom Tower (Anchor)

Powered by dedicated cable

Shop, Mills (Business)

Connected to mini-grid

Households (Community)

Wired power through mini-grid

1.Buid-own-operate

micro-power plants

&amp; mini-grids

2.Provide electricity to 

anchor tenants at per kWh 

or	fixed	monthly	tariff

3.Provide electricity to 

surrounding villages at 

monthly packaged rates

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources


56

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Case Study 5: Driving Change – Navigating the challenges in modernizing Myanmar’s automotive sector

In its day-to-day work in Myanmar’s rural areas, the Group is already observing some of the effects of climate change. Local 

microclimate zones are shifting and changing precipitation patterns are increasingly putting the harvests of Myanmar’s 

farmers at risk. Emissions are therefore a material issue in the eyes of many of stakeholders, and the Group is subject to 

significant scrutiny – because of this, Yoma Strategic is advocating the government tightens the current standards for the 

automotive industry.

So far, the government has proposed making only the outdated Euro 3 standard mandatory by 202015. This creates obvious 

problems for the environment and less obvious ones for business operations: The Group is currently working to determine 

if for example, it will be possible to operate a Volkswagen Euro 4 car in Myanmar, as the available fuel is not compatible. 

Myanmar is currently still using high Sulphur grades with up to 500ppm Sulphur in standard diesel fuel and 50ppm in 

premium diesel. The requirement for Euro 5 would be 10ppm. Better fuel is being imported from Singapore but frequently 

ends up contaminated.

Yoma Strategic has therefore started to lobby the government in collaboration with the European chamber of commerce, to 

raise emissions and fuel standards – for the environment, the people of Myanmar, and sustainable growth for Yoma Strategic 

and the economy in general.

This work also extends to road safety for cars and motorcycles. Where the Group is advocating the introduction of mandatory 

helmet use and the adoption of international standards, contrasting with, for example, Thailand where proprietary standards 

require separate certification for motorcycle helmets. The outcome of such regulations can end up being paradoxical, as 

many international brands with proven safety records have ended up being excluded from the Thai market.

The hope is to achieve a better outcome for the people of Myanmar, progress will be reported on in the Yoma Strategic’s next 

sustainability report.



15 Interview with Mr. Michael Rudenmark, Managing Director of Automotive.

Yoma Strategic and the environment:  

Balancing the need for rapid development 

with good stewardship of Myanmar’s resources


57

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.



The Business Case for Sustainability in Myanmar

Given the many challenges that Myanmar is facing today, sustainability 

is an essential requirement of any viable long-term strategy for sustained 

commercial success. The Group is looking to harness the potential of a Shared 

Value Approach to generate economic value.

One example of this is the combined effects of developing alternatives to 

a centralised grid (Case Study 4) which in turn enables the development of 

rural telecommunication networks. This then drives the adoption of Wave 

Money in rural communities - all of which leads to significant improvements 

in the quality of life and the opportunities available to these communities.

Yoma Strategic is acutely aware of both the risks and the opportunities arising 

from sustainability and it has established strong governance structures 

around these issues. Sustainability is the key to unlocking the Group’s full 

economic potential and securing its long-term viability as it continues to make 

significant contributions to Myanmar’s rapid development.

Each business entity has been engaged with the Group’s Head of Sustainability 

to develop projects that drive sustainability through efficiency or cost savings 

and deliver attractive investment returns. Such projects are used as case 

studies to emphasise the commercial benefits of sustainability for the Group. 

Examples of this include Yoma Micro Power and Wave Money (Case Studies 

2 and 4).

Yoma Strategic’s strong commitment to integrity has allowed it to partner 

with the UNGC and engage with IFC and ADB. This in turn has strengthened 

the Group’s economic position, allowing it to create frameworks benefiting 

its employees and local communities, and ultimately creating a virtuous cycle 

that puts the Group in an excellent position to make significant contributions 

to nation-building in Myanmar.

For more information on the management approach related to Economic 

Performance, please refer to the Yoma Strategic Annual Report 2018. Targets 

relating to material ESG issues can be found on pages 53 and 57 of the Report.

Section 3: 

PROFIT


58

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Last year, the Group embarked on its sustainability reporting 

journey for the first time, and is proud of the efforts in overcoming 

various challenges to produce this inaugural report that is 

beyond mere compliance with SGX requirements and the GRI 

Standards: Core option. However, the Group has expectations of 

itself for continuous improvement.

With regard to reporting, the Group is committed to expanding 

the scope of performance data and to close disclosure gaps. 

Our Sustainability Targets will be included in our Performance 

Review criteria in FY2019. The Group will continue to collect 

baseline data for target setting for all its material ESG issues and 

provide better disclosure of its supply chain.

The Group understands that performance speaks for itself and 

is therefore committed to improving its performance based on 

targets set for its material ESG issues this year. In particular, 

it’s looking to increase training hours of its employees from 

21,976 hours in FY2018 to 40,650 hours by FY2020, as well 

as introducing a new training on how to deal with harassment 

for 50% of all our managers in FY2019 and for all staff in 

subsequent years.

Conscious of global and regional sustainability trends and 

issues, the Group will also continue its work on the elimination 

of single use of plastics and to be active in the fight to eliminate 

malaria in Asia Pacific, especially in Myanmar by 2030, where 

more than 32 million people in the country (around 60% of 

Myanmar’s population) are at risk of malaria16.

The Group hopes to obtain B Corp sustainability certification for 

some of its companies in the near future and it will continue its work 

to support the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Outlook – 

What you can expect 

from Yoma Strategic  

in the years ahead



16 World Malaria Report 2017,WHO


59

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.



Yoma Strategic is pleased to present its inaugural sustainability 

report, which covers the reporting period 1 April 2017 to 

31 March 2018. Henceforth, a sustainability report will be 

published on an annual basis. This sustainability report has been 

prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards: Core option. The report is aligned with the Singapore 

Exchange (“SGX”) Sustainability Reporting Guide.

The scope of this report covers approximately 80% of the 

Group’s revenues and more than 80% of the Group’s total of 

assets in Singapore and Myanmar. Operations in China as well 

as companies and joint ventures where Yoma Strategic holds 

a share of less than 50% are excluded from the scope of this 

report17 (with the exception of Yoma Central 48% and Yoma Micro 

Power 33%). A complete overview of the Group’s entities can be 

found on page(s) 12-13. This report has not been assured by a 

third party, but the Group is planning to seek external assurance 

for future reports, once Yoma Strategic has completed the 

intended deep integration of sustainability into its operations 

and verified that all management systems are reliably producing 

the required metrics.

About 

This Report

GRI 102-45 | 102-46 | 102-50 | 102-52 | 102-54 | 102-56

17 GRI Standards disclosure 102-45


60

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

In 2018, the Group conducted a materiality assessment and an extensive stakeholder engagement survey for all key stakeholders to 

gather input on the significant impact of its business. An independent sustainability consultant facilitated the materiality assessment 

process, which was aligned with GRI Standards and AA1000.

The survey was sent to more than 90 internal and external stakeholders, including regulators, community leaders, business partners, 

suppliers, customers, employees and representatives from Yoma Strategic’s Board of Directors. The stakeholder response rate was a 

strong 56% and the valuable feedback from this survey was considered in the final determination of the Group’s key material issues.

Furthermore, the Group hosted an internal materiality assessment workshop to agree the material issues facing the Group. A wide 

range of economic, environmental, social and governance topics were identified with the support of an independent consultant 

through a gap analysis, peer benchmarking and a review of material topics from two international frameworks, the GRI Standards and 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”).

As a result of the stakeholder engagement survey and the workshop, the Group has determined the materiality matrix for its 

2017/2018 fiscal year.

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality

GRI 102-40 | 102-42 | 102-43

10.00

9.50

9.00

8.50

8.00

7.50

7.00

6.50

6.00

5.50

5.00

5.50

5.00

6.50

7.50

8.50

9.50

6.00

7.00

8.00

9.00

10.00

Air Emissions, 6.07, 6.08

Customer Privacy, 7.00, 7.36

Material, 6.77, 7.29

Water Use &amp; Reduction, 

7.13, 7.71

Sustainable Procurement, 

6.90, 8.07

Waste &amp; Effluents, 

7.31, 7.86

Supply Chain 

Management, 

7.85, 8.00

Public Policy, 7.51, 8.21

Biodiversity, 6.26, 6.64

Marketing and Labeling,

7.18, 6.14

Diversity &amp; Equat 

Opportunities,

7.18, 6.14

Labour Mgt.R./ 

Child Labour,

8.33, 8.21

Energy Efficiency &amp; 

Climate Change,

7.31, 7.57

Human Right,

8.44, 8.21

Local 

Communitie,

8.49, 8.57

Health and Safty,

8.77, 8.79

Compliance, 9.08, 9.14

Anti-Corruption/

Anti-Bribery,

9.36, 9.00

Customer 

Satisfaction,

8.90, 8.21

Economic Performance,

8.90, 8.29

Training &amp; 

Development, 

Talent Retention,

8.97, 8.14

EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

INTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

Figure	1	Materiality	Matrix

After the workshop, Mr. Serge Pun, Executive Chairman and Mr.Melvyn Pun, CEO were engaged through interviews to verify the 

material issues and approved the following nine key material topics for Yoma Strategic:


61

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality

GRI 102-40 | 102-42 | 102-43

BOUNDARIES

KEY MATERIAL TOPICS

WHERE THE 

IMPACTS OCCUR

INVOLVEMENT

Anti-Corruption &amp; Public Policy

 

 

Compliance

Climate Change, Energy &amp; Water Use, Waste &amp; Effluents

 

 

Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity

Economic Performance

Health &amp; Safety

 

 

Labour Management Relations, Child Labour, Forced Labour, Collective Bargaining

 

 

Training, Development &amp; Talent Retention

 

 

Local Communities

 

 

Legend:  

Internally:    

 

Direct:  

Business Partners:   

Indirect: 

These key material issues were presented to the Board and approved in May 2018.




62

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

STAKEHOLDERS18

HOW THE GROUP LISTENS19

WHAT THEY HAVE SAID 

WHAT THE GROUP IS DOING20

BUSINESS PARTNERS 

AND SUPPLIERS

• Email and phone communication

• Bi-weekly meetings with contractors

• Weekly site visits

Key sustainability topics 

(material issues)

Stakeholder consultation 

Sharing policies and Code of Conduct

COMMUNITIES

• Ad hoc meetings

• Feedback channel

• Volunteering

• Sponsorship

• Ad hoc media relations

• Ad hoc printed communication (Flyers)

Good reputation

Appreciation

Always ready to give a hand

Yoma Yangon Marathon

Yoma Micro Power

World Earth Hour

Clean up activities

Fundraising for a natural disaster, 

for education,   

Firefighting for communities

Creating job opportunities 

CUSTOMERS 

• Customer service channels

• Email and phone communication

Feedback to improve  service

products

Quality Control

EMPLOYEES

• Annual performance reviews   

• Events

• Email and phone communication

• Intranet

• OHS Hotline

• Whistle Blowing

Proud of being a part of Group

Provide full facilities

Get good image by working 

in group

Training and development

Healthcare

Safety

Creating safe workplace 

Myanmar New Year celebrations

INVESTORS

• Annual General Meeting

• Quarterly Results

• Announcements released on  

SGX-ST counter

• Annual Report

• Email and phone communication

• Corporate website

• Ad hoc meetings

There has been a positive and

increasing focus from investors 

on ESG reporting in recent years.

In 2017, Yoma Strategic welcomed its  

Group Head of Sustainability to the team.

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, 

INCLUDING IFC, ADB

• Site Visit

• Email and phone Communication

• Website

Apply guidelines

Never miss to report 

Quarterly Report

Annual Report

Implementing Environmental 

management @ construction site

NGOS 

(SUCH AS WWF, USAID, THE 

NATURE CONSERVANCY, 

ROCKEFELLER FOUNDATION)

• Visits and Meetings

• Partnerships

• Events and Conferences

Open to collaboration in joint

projects

Joint events (Earth hour, World Clean 

Up Day, etc.) and programs 

REGULATORS

• Briefings

• Site inspections

• Renewal of government approvals

• Consultations with statutory bodies 

Appreciation

Good feedback for complying with 

national regulations

Presentations, meetings

Yoma Strategic is committed to nurturing its employees and values the partnerships with its customers, local communities, business partners, investors and 

other stakeholder groups. The Group has in place various different channels and platforms to help it communicate with stakeholders to better understand their 

needs. Please see the table below for an overview of these platforms and topics raised by key stakeholders.

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality

GRI 102-40 | 102-42 | 102-43

18 GRI Standards disclosure 102-40 

19 GRI Standards disclosure 102-43 

20 GRI Standards disclosure 102-44


63

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

GRI 

Content 

Index

GRI 102-55

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

ORGANISATION PROFILE 

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 

2016

102-1 Name of the organization

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10

Annual Report 2018, Business Segments, p7

102-3 Location of headquarters

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10

Building a better Myanmar For Its People, p37

102-4 Location of operations

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10

Annual Report 2018, Business Segments, p9, Notes to the

Financial Statements, p193-197

102-5 Ownership and legal form

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10

102-6 Markets served

Yoma Strategic’s Core Businesses and Portfolio 

of Investments, p 14-16

Annual Report 2018, Business Segments, p6

102-7 Scale of the organization

About Yoma Strategic Holdings, p10,13

Building a better Myanmar for its people - with its people, p37

Annual Report 2018, Business Segments, p8

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

Building a better Myanmar for its people - with its people, p39

A significant portion of Yoma Strategic’s construction activities

are performed by contractors.

102-9 Supply chain

Partnerships for a Better Myanmar, p31

102-10 Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain

Annual Report 2018, CEO’s Statement, p14-17

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach

United Nations Global Compact Principles, p13

102-12 External initiatives

External Initiatives and Membership of Associations, p25

102-13 Membership of associations 

External Initiatives and Membership of Associations, p25

 STRATEGY 

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 

2016

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

Statement by the Board, p5

Message from the CEO, p8

 ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 

2016

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior 

Message from the CEO, p8 

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22 

Built on a Foundation of Trust, p29


64

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

GOVERNANCE  

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 

2016

102-18 Governance structure 

Yoma’s Strategic’s Governance Structure, p23

Yoma Strategic’s Sustainability Governance, p24

 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 

2016

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p62

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Nil

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p60

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p62

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p62

 REPORTING PRACTICE 

GRI 102:

General Disclosures 

2016

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Yoma Strategic’s Group Structure, p12

About this report, p59

102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

About this report, p59-61

102-47 List of material topics 

Overview of Yoma Strategic’s Material ESG Issues, p17

102-48 Restatements of information

Not applicable as this is Yoma Strategic’s inaugural report.

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is Yoma Strategic’s inaugural report.

102-50 Reporting period 

About this report, p59

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as this is Yoma Strategic’s inaugural report.

102-52 Reporting cycle

About this report, p59

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Message from the CEO, p8

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

About this report, p59

102-55 GRI content index

GRI Content Index, p63-69

102-56 External assurance 

About this report, p59

 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

The business case for Sustainability in Myanmar, p57

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

Annual Report 2018, Chairman’s Statement, p10-13, CEO’s

Message, p14-17

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Annual Report 2018, Chairman’s Statement, p10-13, CEO’s

Message, p14-17, Business Review p44-65

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report 2018, Chairman’s Statement, p10-13, CEO’s

Message, p14-17

GRI 201: 

Economic Performance 

2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

Yoma Strategic’s Core Businesses and Portfolio 

of Investments, p18


65

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

 ANTI-CORRUPTION

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

United Nations Global Compact Principles, p12

Built on a foundation of trust, p29-30

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Built on a foundation of trust, p29-30

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Built on a foundation of trust, p29-30

GRI 205: 

Anti-Corruption 2016

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and actions taken

Built on a foundation of trust, p29-30

 ENERGY

GRI 103:

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49,54-56

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49,54-56

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p49

302-3 Energy intensity

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p50

 WATER

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49

GRI 303: 

Water 2016

303-1 Water withdrawal by source

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p52


66

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

MATERIAL TOPICS

 EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49,54-56

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49,54-56

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p50

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p50

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-4 GHG emissions intensity 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p51

GRI 305: 

Emissions 2016

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 

Case Study 4: Power to the People – Building Micro Grids 

in Myanmar’s Remote Areas, p54-55

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48,53

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48,53

GRI 306: 

Effluents and Waste

2016

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p52

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 103:

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

Yoma Strategic and the environment, p48-49

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

GRI 307: 

Environmental Compliance

2016

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

There were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance with environmental laws or regulations.

 EMPLOYMENT

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41,44

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p42-44

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p42-43


67

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

MATERIAL TOPICS

LABOUR-MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a nation starts with its people: Yoma Strategic’s 

business focuses on the people of Myanmar - in it’s workforce 

and the community at large, p36

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a nation starts with its people: Yoma Strategic’s

business focuses on the people of Myanmar – 

in its workforce and the community at large, p36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a nation starts with its people: Yoma Strategic’s

business focuses on the people of Myanmar – in its workforce

and the community at large, p36

GRI 402:

Labour-Management

Relations 

2016

402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding 

operational changes

Currently undefined. Please note that Myanmar currently

does not stipulate a minimum notice period. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people - with its people, p44

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p44-46

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p44-46

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

2016

403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of

work-related fatalities

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p44-46

 TRAINING AND EDUCATION

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people - with its people, p41-44

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people - with its people, p41-44

GRI 404: 

Training and Education

2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

Data broken down by gender and region is currently

unavailable, and will be provided in future reports


68

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

MATERIAL TOPICS

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37-40

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37-40

GRI 405: 

Diversity and Equal

Opportunity 2016

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Annual Report 2018, Board of Directors, p26

Yoma Strategic’s Governance Structure, p23

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p40

 NON-DISCRIMINATION

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37-40

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p37-40

GRI 406: 

Non-discrimination 

2016

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p40

 FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

GRI 407: 

Freedom of Association 

and Collective Bargaining

2016

407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to

freedom of association and collective bargaining may

be at risk

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

 CHILD LABOUR

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

GRI 408: 

Child Labour  2016

408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labour 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOUR

GRI 103: 

Management Approach 

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

GRI 409: 

Forced or Compulsory

Labour 2016

409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

forincidents of forced or compulsory labour 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41


69

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE NUMBER AND TITLE 

PAGE REFERENCE AND REMARKS

MATERIAL TOPICS

HUMAN RIGHTS ASSESSMENT 

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p36

GRI 412: 

Human Rights Assessment

2016

412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or

procedures

Building a better Myanmar for its people – with its people, p41

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities, p34-36

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities, p34-36

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities, p34-36

GRI 413:

Local Communities 

2016

413-1 Operations with local community engagement,

impact assessments, and development programs

How Yoma Strategic is impacting local communities, p34-36

 PUBLIC POLICY

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Built on a foundation of trust, p30

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Built on a foundation of trust, p29-30

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Built on a foundation of trust, p30

GRI 415: 

Public Policy 2016

415-1 Political contributions 

Yoma Strategic is not making – and has never made – any

financial or in-kind political contributions, directly or indirectly.

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality, p61

GRI 103:

Management Approach

2016

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

GRI 103: 

Management Approach

2016

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Governance and Risk Management at Yoma Strategic, p22

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic Compliance

2016

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the

social and economic area

There were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for

non-compliance with laws or regulations in the social and

economic area.


70

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Diesel Consumption

TOTAL DIESEL CONSUMPTION (IN MJ)

Yoma Land

16,223,190.8

Yoma Motors

5,706,118.0

Yoma F&amp;B

14,900,663.4

Yoma Financial Services

645,284.0

Investments

1,584,047.2

TOTAL

39,059,303.4

Electricity Consumption 

TOTAL ELECTRICITY  CONSUMPTION (IN MJ)

Yoma Land

40,075,905.6

Yoma Motors

2,353,655.5

Yoma F&amp;B

7,330,911.6

Yoma Financial Services

15,618.6

Investments

0.0

TOTAL

49,776,091.3

 

Annex: Selected 

Environmental Data

Energy

Total Diesel Consumption (in MJ)

1+15+5+79

0.03%

0%

4.7%

14.7%

80.5%

Total Electricity Consumption (in MJ)

41%

4+2+38+15+41

15%

2%

4%

38%

• YOMA LAND

• YOMA MOTORS

•	YOMA	F&amp;B

•	YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

• INVESTMENTS

• YOMA LAND

• YOMA MOTORS

•	YOMA	F&amp;B

•	YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

• INVESTMENTS


71

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

YOMA STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LTD.

Energy Consumption

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (IN MJ)

Yoma Land

56,584,659.2

Yoma Motors

8,060,889.0

Yoma F&amp;B

24,269,267.6

Yoma Financial Services

801,476.5

Investments

1,646,576.9

TOTAL

91,362,869.1

Total Energy Consumption (in MJ)



• YOMA LAND

• YOMA MOTORS

•	YOMA	F&amp;B

•	YOMA	FINANCIAL	SERVICES

• INVESTMENTS

26%

62%

2+1+26+9+62

1%

2%

9%


72

BUILD A BETTER MYANMAR FOR ITS PEOPLE

Annexe: SASB 

Materiality Map

REAL ESTATE

AUTOMOTIVE

CONSUMER

FINANCE

INVESTMENTS

REAL ESTATE 

OWNERS, 

DEVELOPERS 

AND 

INVESTMENT 

TRUSTS

REAL ESTATE 

SERVICES

ENGINEERING 

AND 

CONSTRUCTION

SERVICES

AUTOMOBILES

FOOD 

RETAILERS AND 

DISTRIBUTORS

CONSUMER 

FINANCE

INVESTMENT 

BANKING AND 

BROKERAGE

ENVIRONMENT

GHG emissions

X

Energy management

X

X

Fuel management

X

Water and wastewater management

X

Waste and hazardous materials management

X

X

Biodiversity impacts

X

SOCIAL CAPITAL

Access and affordability

X

Customer welfare

X

X

Data security and customer privacy

X

X

Fair disclosure and labeling

X

Fair marketing and advertising

X

X

HUMAN CAPITAL

Labor relations

X

X

Fair labor practices

X

Employee health, safety and wellbeing

X

Diversity and inclusion

X

Compensation and benefits

X

X

BUSINESS MODEL AND INNOVATION

Lifecycle impacts of products and services

X

X

X

X

Environmental, social impacts 

on assets &amp; operations

X

X

Product packaging

X

Product quality and safety

X

X

LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE

Systemic risk management

X

Business ethics and transparency of payments

X

X

Competitive behavior

X

Materials sourcing

X

X

Supply chain management

X


BUILD 

A BETTER 

MYANMAR

FOR ITS PEOPLE

