




 











 



































































































 



Yongmao Holdings Limited

Sustainability Report 2018




Board Statement 

Chairman’s message

About this Report 

About Yongmao 

Stakeholder Engagement

Identifying Material Aspects 

Corporate Governance

Economic

Environmental 

Social 

GRI Content Index

1

2

3

4

7

8

10

11

12

14

16

Contents


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

1



The Board is pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Yongmao Holdings Limited (“Yongmao” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) 

for the financial year ended 31 March 2018, in accordance to SGX-Listing Rule 711A and the primary components of Sustainability Reporting as set out in 

Listing Rule 711B. 

The Board wishes to affirm our commitment to sustainability and aims to strike a balance between our profit-oriented objective and the development and well-

being of our community to secure a long-term sustainable future for the Group. Going forward, we will incorporate key aspects of sustainability into our strategic 

business decisions and operations. As an integral part of our phase-in approach, we work closely with the management to:

•	

Integrate	and	drive	sustainability	within	the	Group;

•	

Determine	and	validate	the	Group’s	material	sustainability	matters,	risks	and	opportunities;

•	

Oversee	the	management	of	the	Group’s	sustainability	strategies,	commitments	and	targets;

•	

Monitor	the	Group’s	sustainability	performance	and	progress.

The Group’s approach to sustainability is driven by our utmost commitment to our key stakeholders, founded on our core belief that focuses on value creation 

to our key stakeholders. We are in the midst of propagating a sound business sustainability plan that incorporates the key principles of environment, social and 

governance. At the same time, we will continue to uphold our high standards of corporate governance and transparency to safeguard the shareholders’ interests.

 

Board statement

Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

1


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

2



Dear	Stakeholders,	

We are pleased to present the Group’s inaugural Sustainability Report, featuring our sustainable approach and practices to achieving sustainable value for our 

shareholders. This report is in accordance with the internationally recognised Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards: Core option. This being our first report, 

we would like to dictate a suitable pace for our future sustainability activities. In this report, you will see sustainability factors that are closely aligned with our 

mission, vision and guided by our core values.

GearinG towards Greater sustainaBle Value Creation

Over	the	years,	the	Group’s	strategy	has	evolved	to	a	sustainability-oriented	approach	that	aims	to	deliver	sustainable	value	to	our	stakeholders	while	addressing	

needs from social, economic and environmental perspectives. The Group acknowledges the importance of gearing towards a sustainable value chain, to maintain 

its competitive advantage through sustainable and profitable avenues. 

In	line	with	the	aforementioned	plan,	we	are	prudent	in	selecting	suppliers	who	align	with	our	vision	of	sustainability.	One	of	our	key	objectives	is	to	create	

sustainable positive impact for communities around us, as with our core value of balancing the organisation’s success with our contribution back to the society. 

enGaGinG our stakeholders 

Through our sustainability journey, we have come to realise the importance of partnership and collaboration in achieving positive outcomes. Hence, we believe 

that	stakeholder	participation	plays	a	key	role	in	our	Group’s	journey	towards	creating	sustainable	value.		On	that	note,	we	would	like	to	extend	our	deepest	

appreciation to all stakeholders, for the strong support and guidance all these years.

As we gear towards a sustainable future together, we look forward to partnering with you to achieve greater sustainable growth. With your support, we are 

confident that we will ride out the challenges and opportunities and be solidly positioned for future growth.

With utmost gratitude, 

 

mr sun Zhao lin

Executive Chairman

Yongmao Holdings Limited

Chairman’s messaGe

Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

2


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

3



aBout this report

reportinG sCope and period

This Sustainability Report primary covers Yongmao’s business segment in Singapore and People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 

2018	(“FY2018”),	which	contributes	approximately	82%	of	the	Group’s	total	revenue	for	the	reporting	period.	Our	report	aims	to	provide	an	overview	of	the	

Group’s sustainability performance as well as its strategies and practices, while highlighting the economic, environmental, and social impacts of the Group’s 

activities and developments. 

In line with our sustainability policy, our standalone report will be published no later than 31 August on an annual basis from the financial year ending 31 March 

2019 (“FY2019”) onwards. 

reportinG proCess

Our	reporting	is	developed	by	the	SR	Committee,	which	is	led	by	Ms	Tian	Ruo	Nan,	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	(“CEO”),	Chief	Financial	Officer	(“CFO”)	and	senior	

management	of	our	business	functions,	with	consultation	with	the	Board	of	Directors.	The	SR	Committee	undergoes	an	in-depth	review	on	the	contents	of	the	

report to determine its relevance to our business and also, to ensure that the current and emerging significance material issues pertaining the interests of our 

stakeholders are addressed. 

reportinG Framework

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. They are the most widely adopted global standards for sustainability reporting, 

provide businesses and organisations worldwide the framework to measure, understand and communicate their critical sustainability issues on environmental, 

economic, social performance ability issues to stakeholders. The GRI content index and the relevant references are provided on pages 16-17.

FeedBaCk

As we are fully committed to hear from our stakeholders, we welcome feedback on any aspect of our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly 

address all feedback to investor@yongmaoholdings.com. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and thriving business. 

Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

3


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

4

Corporate proFile

Since 1992, Yongmao has been involved in the design, development and manufacture of tower cranes, components and accessories.  The Group’s key business 

segment comes from the sale of manufactured tower cranes to equipment distributors and rental companies in both local and overseas markets.

Today, Yongmao is one of the leaders in the international construction machinery and exports tower cranes to over 80 countries worldwide. We are also the first 

Chinese manufacturer to enter the European, Australian and American markets. This was achieved via certification by independent experts from renowned third-

party	inspection	agencies	(e.g.	TUV	SUD	Industries	Service	GmbH,	TUV	Rheinland,	Bureau	Veritas,	SGS),	whereby	the	agencies	had	conducted	extensive	check	

on our design reviews, product safety and prototyping testing in full compliance with the required standards and regulations. 

Our	products	are	used	mainly	in	construction	sites,	infrastructure	projects	and	in	the	shipbuilding	industry.	The	group	offers	a	variety	of	tower	cranes	with	lifting	

capacities in the range of 80 to 3,300 tonne-metres which are broadly classified into 4 series, namely Topless STT series, ST series, Luffing STL series and 

Derrick	Q	series.	

Our	production	facilities	are	located	in	2	cities	in	PRC,	which	are	Fushun	City,	Liaoning	Province	and	Beijing	City.	The	latest	state-of-the-art	manufacturing	facility	

in Fushun City incorporates modern manufacturing process flow, robotic welding arms and other high-tech machineries. 

aBout YonGmao

Vision 

We strive to be the leading provider for tower crane and construction machinery and build global presence through high-quality and innovative products and 

solutions.

mission

Shareholders

To have their interests in mind 

while making decisions and thereby 

enhancing economic value

Market

Promote our brand by expanding 

market presence to widen the 

geographical reach

Employees

Provide our employees a safe 

and stable work environment 

with expanding opportunities 

for development and 

personal growth

Products and Services

Produce consistently high quality 

and reliable products and services 

through innovation and product 

development


















Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

5

aBout this report

strateGiC Goals and Value driVers

Based on the Group’s vision and mission, the Group has identified the strategic goals and value drivers.

inteGritY

Customer FoCus

pursuit For exCellenCe

teamwork

Commitment

We maintain the highest ethical and 

moral standards in all our work and 

dealings with our customers and with 

each other.

We work as a team united to achieve 

personal and corporate goals efficiently 

and effectively.

We work diligently and passionately 

to deliver high quality, innovative and 

reliable products and services to create 

greater shareholders’ value.

We strive to do better every day as we 

are committed to our product quality and 

people.

We 

understand 

our 

customer’s 

requirements and strive to meet their 

increasing needs to expand customer 

base and retain customer loyalty

Corporate strateGY









Continued	Research	&amp;	Development	

investment to develop new products 

and improve existing tower crane 

models 

Expand capacity through 

acquisitions, JVs or strategic 

alliances 

Strengthen customer base and 

brand presence in existing and 

new markets 

Venture into new business 

segments such as equipment 

rental 


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

6

CertiFiCations and awards

Our	business	emphasizes	on	adhering	to	the	international	quality	standards	by	putting	in	place	a	stringent	quality	assurance	system.	Back	in	2007,	the	Group	

obtained	the	ISO	9001:2000	Quality	Management	System	Certification	for	design,	manufacture,	installation	and	service	of	tower	cranes,	crawler	cranes	and	

fittings as well as the manufacture and service of crane steel structure parts. The Group has also achieved various safety standards pertaining to cranes in 

different countries as well as the required certifications and approvals for export and deployment in these jurisdictions. 

In	FY2018,	we	are	heartened	to	have	been	recognized	with	these	rankings,	awards	and	certifications:

•	

5th	consecutive	year	in	the	top	10	global	tower	crane	manufacturers	by	China	Engineering	Machinery	Magazine	(中国工程机械杂志)

•	

Top	100	global	construction	machinery	manufacturers	by	China	Construction	Machinery	Industry	Association	(中国工程机械工业协会)

•	

Top	5	tower	crane	manufacturers	in	the	PRC	by	China	Engineering	Machinery	Magazine	(中国工程机械杂志)

•	

Fushun	City	Mayor’s	Quality	Award	(for	Quality	Management	Standards)	by	Fushun	City	People’s	Government	(抚顺市人民政府)

•	

STT3330	topless	tower	crane	–	China	Construction	and	Machinery	Association	Product	of	the	Year	2017	Award	by	China	Construction	Machinery		 	

 

Industry Association (中国工程机械工业协会)

•	

Mr	Sun	Zhao	Lin,	Executive	Chairman	awarded	one	of	the	top	100	influencers	in	the	PRC’s	construction	machinery	industry	by	China	Construction	

 

Machinery Industry Association (中国工程机械工业协会)

external initiatiVes and memBerships

The	Group	takes	active	participations	in	industry	associations.	The	key	activities	of	these	organizations	include	formulating	industry	standards	and	sharing	

challenges and opportunities in business. Some of the key associations that the Group is an active participating member of are listed as follows.  

•	

China	Construction	Machinery	Industry	Association	(中国工程机械工业协会)

•	

China	Construction	Machinery	Industry	Association	User	Working	Committee	(中国工程机械工业协会用户工作委员会)

•	

China	Construction	Machinery	Association	Construction	Crane	Branch	(中国工程机械工业协会建筑起重机械分会)

•	

China	Construction	Machinery	Association	Construction	Mechanization	Branch	(中国工程机械工业协会施工机械化分会)

•	

China	Electric	Power	Construction	Association	of	large	machinery	and	equipment	(中国电力建设企业协会大型机械装备协作网)

•	

National	Crane	Standardization	Technical	Committee	Tower	Crane	Sub-Technical	Committee	(全国起重机械标准化技术委员会塔式起重机		

 

分技术委员会)

•	

Shanghai	Building	Construction	magazine	committee	(上海建筑施工杂志委员会)

•	

Fushun	City	Federation	of	Industry	and	Commerce	(抚顺市工商联合会)

emploYee inFormation

As	of	31	March	2018,	our	Group	has	a	total	of	1,243	employees.	We	unbiasedly	hire	from	all	age	groups	and	gender	category.	Our	demographic	is	diversified	

as we believe that it is essential to building and sustaining our competitive advantage. In today’s world, having an assortment of perspectives from different 

demographic brackets will help to tackle various business challenges. 

aBout this report


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

7

stakeholder enGaGement

stakeholders

impaCt and siGniFiCanCe

topiCs oF interest

enGaGement platForms

emploYees

We	recognize	our	employees	as	the	Group’s	

most important asset. Hence, we view their 

competencies and well-being are fundamental 

to the Group’s operational effectiveness.

•	Talent	retention	and	attraction

•	Employee	safety	and	well-being

•	Training	and	development	opportunities	

•	Efforts	to	promote	work-life	balance

•	Remuneration	and	benefits

•	Employee	welfare	and	well-being

•	Employee	volunteerism

•	Regular	staff	dialogue	sessions

•	Staff	appraisal

•	Training	and	development	program

•	Annual	appreciation	events	and	

festival celebrations

•	Volunteering	and	charity	events

•	Annual	appreciation	events	and	

festival celebrations

Customers

We promise to continually strive in innovating 

and developing new solutions to meet the 

ever-changing needs of our customers.  We 

aim to build cranes with good investment 

value and build on our brand equity to 

enhance our competitive edge by providing 

the best design, innovation and quality.

•	Design	and	workmanship

•	Customer	satisfaction	and	experience

•	Quality	products	and	services

•	After	sales	services	and	support

•	Communication

•	Take	part	in	industry	associations

•	Take	part	in	industry	seminars,	

exhibitions and events

•	Yongmao’s	company	website

•	Yongmao’s	social	media	platforms,	

e.g. WeChat

•	Dedicated	customer	support	team	

contactable through email and phone 

calls

shareholders 

and inVestors

We	strive	to	maximize	shareholder	returns,	

maintain good corporate governance, and 

improve levels of transparency through 

financial and sustainability reporting and 

timely communication.

•	Financial	stability

•	Long-term	growth	plans

•	Market	diversification

•	Geographical	expansion

•	Risk	management

•	Corporate	governance

•	Sustainability	efforts

•	Annual	report	(“AR”)and	sustainability	

report

•	Quarterly	results	announcement

•	Announcement	and	circulars	

•	Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)

•	Extraordinary	General	Meeting	

(“EGM”) where necessary

•	Yongmao’s	company	website

•	Investor	relationship	channel

Business 

partner

We work closely with suppliers and partners 

in our value chain to ensure that all our 

operations are carried out in line with industry 

leading practices and sustainability efforts.

•	Quality	assurance

•	Certifications	

•	Supply	chain	management

•	Communication

•	Regular	supplier	visits	/	meetings

•	Events,	trade	shows,	procurement	

fairs

•	Evaluation	and	monitoring

CommunitY

We	strive	to	be	a	responsible	corporate	citizen	

to the society, environment and the people 

around us.

•	Social	contribution	to	communities

•	Business	decisions’	impact	on	our	

environment

•	Volunteering	and	charity	events

•	Sponsorship	and	philanthropy

GoVernment

and reGulators

We seek to be fully compliant with all 

applicable environment and social economic 

laws and regulations.

•	Compliance	to	applicable	laws	and	

regulations

•	Contributions	to	economic	and	social	

development 

•	Environmental	impact	of	operations

•	Industry	sector	participation	channels

•	Participation	in	conferences,	

meetings and discussions

•	Site	visits	and	checks

FinanCiers

We seek to cultivate and sustain relationships 

with our lenders to ascertain the financial 

flexibility for our growth opportunities.

•	Financial	and	operational	performance	

of the Group

•	Adhere	to	good	corporate	governance	

•	Timely	repayment	of	loan	principal	and	

interest

•	Direct	communications,	meetings	and	

discussion

•	Announcement	and	circulars

Yongmao works with a diverse range of stakeholders across our value chain. We aim to align our business interests with those of our stakeholders through open 

and transparent channels of communications, considering their interest and response in a timely manner. 


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

8

identiFYinG material aspeCts

Engagement with our stakeholders is essential for understanding their expectations, needs and concerns. The Group had identified and addressed the most 

critical and impactful issues through the aforementioned engagement platforms. Subsequently, to establish the relevance of these key Environment, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) factors, the Group will conduct a materiality assessment on an annual basis.

With the guidance of an external consultant, the materiality assessment was performed where each ESG factor in the GRI ESG universe was identified and 

prioritized	by	the	SR	Committee	members	according	to	the	influence	on	stakeholder	decisions	and	significance	of	environmental	and	social	impacts.	Identified	

ESG factors were validated by the Board, its related risk recognition, evaluation and mitigation continues to be part of the assessment for the Group’s overall 

strategy and risk management approaches

. 

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY2018. As we strive to improve our level of transparency and timely communication to 

all our stakeholders, we will review and report other applicable ESG factors in the following years, if any.

FoCus

impaCt to stakeholders

FY2018 keY hiGhliGhts

Commitments &amp; tarGets

GoVernanCe

anti-Corruption

As a listed entity in Singapore, we are 

in full compliance with the government 

regulations relating to anti-corruption. 

With regards to combating corruption, 

we strive to ensure utmost integrity 

throughout all business activities.

•	There	were	no	confirmed	incidents	of	

corruption in FY2018

•	The	Group	to	continue	our	strict	

adherence	to	the	Group’s	zero	tolerance	

policy towards fraud, corruption and 

unethical actions.

eConomiC

eConomiC 

perFormanCe

During	the	reporting	period,	the	Group	

remained resilient to deliver satisfactory 

financial performance to our internal and 

external stakeholders.

•	Group	revenue	–	RMB	626.5	million

•	Profit	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company	

–	RMB	20.6	million

•	Earnings	per	share	–	RMB	23.2	cents

•	Final	dividend	of	SGD	1	cents	per	share

•	Final	dividend	totaling	approximately	RMB	

4.4 million

•	Revenue	and	profit	growth

•	Sustainable	dividend	payout

•	Proliferate	the	use	of	our	large	and	

mega-sized	tower	cranes	for	mega	

scale projects

•	Prioritize	the	development	of	tower	

crane models to match up to the 

industry’s needs for prefabrication work

•	Prudent	capital	management


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

9

identiFYinG material aspeCts

FoCus

impaCt to stakeholders

FY2018 keY hiGhliGhts

Commitments &amp; tarGets

enVironmental

materials

Choosing the right materials when 

manufacturing a product is vital for its 

success. We look for a combination 

of	5	characteristics,	namely	function,	

durability, aesthetics, consistency of 

performance and cost, when we choose 

the right material for production.

•	Design	process	optimization	to	maximize	

material usage

•	Rolled	steel	used	as	raw	materials	whenever	

possible, to reduce soldering needs

•	Continuous	design	optimization	to	

maximize	the	material	utilization	and	

reduce wastage

soCial

emploYee 

health and 

saFetY

Fair and merit-based employment 

practices are important to our 

employees, investors, regulators, and 

community as they affect our ability to 

attract, retain, and develop talents. As 

a small-medium enterprise, business 

continuity and workplace safety are 

amongst the highest concerns to our 

stakeholders.

•	Zero	safety	incident	resulting	in	fatality	or	

occupational injuries and diseases 

•	Enforcement	of	wearing	Personal	Protection	

Equipment (“PPE”)

•	Annual	medical	check-up	

•	Emergency	drills	and	fire	drills

•	Regular	briefings	and	training	courses	on	

health and safety for employees

•	Zero	fatalities	and	workplace	safety	

incidents resulting in serious injuries 

across all business operations

•	Enforcement	of	wearing	PPE

•	Annual	medical	check-up

•	Emergency	drills	and	fire	drills

•	Regular	briefings	and	training	courses	

on health and safety for employees

proCurement 

praCtiCes

We are committed to sourcing our 

materials and subcontractors in a 

socially responsible manner.

•	Strict	adherence	to	the	Group’s	procurement	

policies and guidelines and code of conducts

•	Zero	whistle	blowing	cases

•	One-third	of	materials	used	in	our	operations	

are purchased from local suppliers

•	One-quarter	of	total	amount	outsourced	is	

from local subcontractors to its operations 

•	Continuous	review	and	improvement	on	

the Group’s procurement policies and 

guidelines and Code of Conducts

•	Enhance	business	relationship	with	

suppliers and subcontractors

•	Maintain	and	increase	spending	on	

local suppliers and subcontractors


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

10

Corporate GoVernanCe

The Group is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and we believe a high standard of corporate governance is integral in ensuring 

our	business’	sustainability	as	well	as	safeguarding	shareholders’	interests	and	maximizing	long-term	shareholder	value.	This	commitment	is	aligned	with	the	

Principles of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012. 

The	promotion	of	effective	and	fair	communication	with	the	stakeholders	is	under	the	purview	of	our	CEO	and	CFO.	We	fulfil	our	obligation	to	furnish	timely	

information to shareholders and ensure full disclosure of material information to comply with statutory requirements and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. The 

Group firmly believes in high standards of transparent corporate disclosure, in line with the continuous obligations of the Company.

The Board and Management strongly believes that our quest for good governance lies in putting in place an effective framework of risk management and 

internal controls that is in line with market standards and best practices. Having this in place will lead to increased levels of internal discipline, accountability 

and transparency.

There were no non-compliance incidents with relevant laws and regulations that resulted in significant fines and non-monetary sanctions. We will continue our 

commitment	in	achieving	zero	incidents	of	non-compliance	with	relevant	laws	and	regulations.	In	addition,	we	will	closely	monitor	the	Internal	Audit	issues	and	

ensure that internal controls for all processes are in place.

For detailed disclosure on the application of its corporate governance practices with reference to the Code, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report on 

page 21-41 of the Yongmao AR 2018. For cases of any deviation from the Code’s guidelines, an explanation has been provided within the AR. 

anti-Corruption

The	Group,	with	our	significant	workforce	size	operating	across	different	geographies	around	the	world	and	multiple	partnerships	across	the	value	chain,	has	

multiple	areas	that	can	render	us	vulnerable	to	corruption.	Our	stakeholders	have	recognized	this	during	our	materiality	assessment,	thus	highlighted	anti-

corruption	as	a	critical	factor	to	the	Group.	We	would	like	to	reaffirm	our	strong	stance	against	these	issues	and	highlight	that	we	have	zero	tolerance	towards	

unethical acts in totality.

A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures have been put in place to provide the Group’s employees and external parties who have dealings with the Group, 

accessible and trusted channels to report suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest acts or other improprieties in the workplace. We made these policies and 

procedures readily available for both internal and external parties, as it allows for an independent investigation of any reported incidents and appropriate actions 

for follow up. As at the end of FY2018, there has been no report received through any whistle-blowing channels.

Moving	forward,	the	Group	will	continue	its	zero	tolerance	for	misconducts	and	will	strive	to	maintain	the	current	status	of	zero	confirmed	cases	through	our	

various preventive methods.


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

11

eConomiC

FinanCial hiGhliGhts

FY2018 was another profitable year for the Group. Key financial highlights have been presented on page 13 of the Yongmao AR 2018. For detailed statements of 

financial	position	and	consolidated	statement	of	profit	or	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income,	please	refer	to	pages	49-50	of	the	Yongmao	AR	2018.

direCt eConomiC Value Generated and distriButed

The	financial	health	of	the	Group	directly	impacts	our	key	stakeholders	–	employees,	customers,	investors	and	shareholders	and	business	partners.	It	is	of	

utmost importance to increase economic value for our stakeholders, to the best of our abilities. Hence, we strive to drive operational and financial improvements 

simultaneously.

The Group has been monitoring the economic value distributed based on GRI’s disclosure categories and will choose to disclose when appropriate in the future.

opportunities ahead

Led	by	the	powerhouse	Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei	integration,	Yangtze	River	Economic	Belt,	Xiongan	economic	zone	and	“One	Belt	One	Road”	masterplans	and	

coupled	with	a	6.6%	national	GDP	for	2018,	the	PRC	domestic	construction	sector	is	likely	to	continue	to	enjoy	robust	growth.	However,	domestic	economic	

growth may also cool in the coming months due to rising borrowing costs for businesses, brought about by Chinese government crackdowns on financial risk.

Global	construction,	on	the	other	hand,	is	likely	to	grow	at	a	more	moderate	rate	of	about	3.7%	across	the	next	five	years.	Demand	for	tower	cranes	in	other	

overseas markets is mixed with demand in Singapore, Taiwan and the Middle East expected to pick up in the replacement market, while other markets such as 

Macau may be more muted. The key development underscoring the path ahead is Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (“PPVC”), a practice where 

materials and components are assembled at a production facility before being delivered to the construction site. Prefabrication is gaining traction, especially 

in	the	Singapore	market	–	our	second-largest	sales	market	in	Asia	after	the	PRC.	Singapore	regulators	have	already	established	the	framework	for	increasing	

adoption of the PPVC method. The Building Construction Authority has already mandated the PPVC method for selected non-landed Government Land Sale sites, 

and	80%	of	the	Build-to-Order	flats	launched	in	Singapore	last	year	were	also	built	with	the	PPVC	method.

Grants awarded BY GoVernment

The	Group	was	able	to	meet	the	requirement	and	utilize	government	grants	and	funds	in	support	of	the	Group’s	business	activities	in	FY2018.

•	

Exhibition	and	Product	Development	grants

 

The	Group	invested	substantially	in	our	R&amp;D	team	to	design	a	wide	range	of	tower	crane	products	in	helping	us	to	remain	competitive	and	respond	to	

market	needs.	Our	team	of	engineers	and	technicians	constantly	seek	to	push	the	limits	in	design	and	functionality,	as	well	as	find	better	ways	to	improve	

the	production	and	optimize	the	cost	whenever	possible.	We	believe	that	we	will	continue	to	be	at	the	forefront,	developing	a	range	of	tower	cranes	with	

advanced mechanisms to meet the evolving needs of the industry. Meanwhile, the Group also actively took part in trade fairs and trade shows to promote 

our products and identify potential business opportunities.

•	

Export	incentives

 

The PRC’s government encourages local enterprises to establish renowned brands for export by giving incentives as support for branding development. 

deFined BeneFit plan oBliGations and other retirement plans 

The	Group	makes	monthly	contributions	to	the	employee’s	compulsory	saving/retirement	plans,	as	mandated	by	the	local	government	in	different	jurisdiction.	The	

fund is a social security system that tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding healthcare, home ownership, family protection and asset enhancement. 

We view this scheme as a good opportunity to reward our employees and relieve them from the burden of personal finances. Contribution rates for employers 

vary depending on the jurisdiction in different cities and is subject to change on a yearly basis. 


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

12

enVironmental

With	regards	to	conserving	the	environment,	we	are	committed	to	understanding,	managing	and	minimizing	our	environmental	footprint	across	our	value	chain,	

including	our	business	operations,	suppliers	and	customers.	Our	environment	efforts	are	largely	focused	on	maximizing	material	utilization	and	optimizing	energy	

consumption. We will continue to strengthen our expertise in the areas of environmental programs and be selective about the strategic initiatives we believe will 

yield a greater positive impact over the long term.

The PRC’s government has also stepped up a multitude of environmental regulation measures which has significantly affected our operations in the PRC. 

Although the disruption posed by regulatory shifts did impact our production yield initially, we underestimated the time required, to adjust and realign our 

processes with the new market conditions and regulations. The most significant example would be the move to upgrade our paint spraying facility due to the 

new government initiatives.

usaGe oF materials

We look for a combination of five characteristics, namely function, durability, aesthetics, consistency of performance and cost, when we choose the right material 

for production. Rolled steel is used whenever possible to reduce soldering needs. This approach not only reduce the production cycle time and efforts but also 

reduce	the	negative	impact	that	soldering	has	on	the	environment.	Furthermore,	we	emphasize	on	the	design	optimisation	to	maximize	the	material	utilisation	

and reduce wastage. 

In	FY2018,	we	have	achieved	a	material	utilisation	rate	of	more	than	85%	in	the	production	of	tower	cranes.	We	strive	to	improve	our	design	continuously	and	

eventually contribute to the Group’s success. 

enerGY saVinG

The Group continuously reviews the production processes and explores for new solutions for energy conservation. Amongst the many initiatives, Fushun Yongmao 

Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (“Yongmao Fushun”) made an investment to replace argon gas cylinders with centralised argon gas supply back in 2016. Since 

then, the cost of argon gas used for welding has reduced by approximately 34% as compared with argon gas cylinders. The use of centralised argon gas supply 

improved production safety.


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

13

soCial

Ensuring safety and the well-being of our people is of utmost importance 

to the Yongmao and we will continue to strive to be an employer that our 

employees are proud to work for. Keeping our core value of achievement close 

at heart, we take pride in building a safe, conducive and healthy workplace 

as	our	commitment	to	developing	our	people.		We	recognize	our	duty	of	

care to account for the safety and health of every employee. By continuously 

reviewing our safety rules and regulations and conducting risk assessments 

to	strengthen	our	control	measures,	we	aim	to	minimize	the	likelihood	any	

possible	hazardous	occurrence.		

saFetY Committee

With our on-going focus on the health and safety of our employees, we have 

established a Safety Committee in each of our subsidiaries to supervise and 

ensure that workplace health and safety regulations are strictly complied 

with. The Safety Committee also oversees the subsidiaries’ operations to 

ensure that safety standards are upheld at all times and also up to industry 

best practices. In addition, the role of the Safety Committee includes regular 

reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards to 

ensure all areas of safety are adequately covered. 

All near-miss incidents and accidents are promptly reported to the Safety 

Committee, who will further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the 

employees. These safety briefings aim to strengthen the safety awareness of 

employees, and remind them of established safety measures and precautions, 

as well as safety protocols in prevention of similar incidents.  

Site inspections and safety exercises are conducted every year.  The Safety 

Committee facilitates the safety education programs, which aim to educate 

and equip employees with knowledge and skills in handling emergency 

situations. Emergency drills are also conducted several times a year to 

ensure that employees and workers are prepared in times of emergency.





total workplaCe saFetY and health 

(“wsh”) at our FaCilities

With our commitment to the safety and security of our people, we continuously 

strive	to	reduce	injury	rates	to	zero.

In	monitoring	our	incident	rates,	the	Group	have	categorized	our	incidents	

according to the severity of the accident, ranging from minor injury to 

permanent disability and death. All incidents are reported to the Safety 

Committee	with	a	detail	report.	We	recorded	zero	fatality	at	our	workplace	

across the Group in FY2018. 

We provide a safe work environment for our people and actively promote 

awareness on workplace occupational health and safety. We aim to elevate 

the safety standards of our stakeholders including our contractors through 

our WSH workplan.

There were occasional instances of failure to adhere to safety procedures 

despite control measures in place. In FY2018, two male employees suffered 

injuries in the workshop. All cases reported are properly documented and 

investigated with appropriate preventive measures and follow up actions 

are being taken. This also formed part of the Group’s continuous learning 

programs to ensure such incidents are prevented in future. 

Common	occupational	hazard	in	our	industry	includes	respiratory	hazard	due	

to	the	exposure	to	paint	and	hearing	hazard	from	shot	blasting	and	shearing	

processes. The Group’s effective occupational health and safety management 

prevented health and safety-related incidents, protected our workforce and 

reduced disruptions to our operations. There was no reported occupational 

injuries and diseases in FY2018.


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

14

soCial







reGional Csr eFForts

Yongmao	recognizes	the	importance	of	active	support	to	our	communities	

and continuous contribution to the society. We have been supporting schools 

as well as our employees’ families through scholarships, cash donations and 

welfare products during festive seasons. We firmly believe in sponsoring 

initiatives for promoting education, sports, environment and conservation.

Since 2006, Yongmao has been giving out scholarship to our employees’ 

children in fulfilling their education dreams. This initiative drives a sense of 

belongings amongst our employees as part of Yongmao family. This also 

motivates our employees to be more dedicated while playing an integral part 

of their children’s development. 

In addition, the Group also showed support by making donations to the 

“Spring Buds” event (“春蕾助学, 永茂圆梦” 资助贫困大学生活动) to 

help college students.  We remain committed to continuously giving back to 

our employees and community, growing as a sustainable organisation and 

looking forward to the future.

laBour union’s work

One	of	the	function	of	the	labour	union	is	to	provide	financial	reliefs	to	our	

employees	in	the	Group,	organize	activities	such	as	commendation	ceremony	

and conduct medical check-ups. While the majority funding comes from the 

Group, our employees is encouraged to contribute a small portion of their 

salary	on	a	voluntary	basis.	During	the	reporting	year,	the	Group	gave	out	

concessionary	cash	relief	to	56	of	our	employees	and	visited	two	employee’s	

family members who is bedridden. 

enhanCinG saFetY preCautions and 

proCedures

The Group has engaged an external consultant firm to conduct an in-depth 

assessment on the risk of occupational injury and diseases at our factory 

facilities. Additional safety measures have been put in place for those areas 

identified as high risk for occupational injury. 

The Group ensures that all our employees undergoes compulsory medical 

check-up at the qualified hospitals, which is in compliance with the “Law of 

the	People’s	Republic	of	China	on	Prevention	and	Treatment	of	Occupational	

Diseases”	and	“Occupational	Health	Monitoring	and	Management	Approach”.

With the aim to provide a safe working environment, we constantly enhance 

our	 safety	 precautions	 and	 procedures.	 During	 the	 year,	 we	 installed	

workplace safety dashboards to further advocate to all our employees on the 

importance on workplace and health safety. 


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

15

soCial





Cultural aCtiVities

The	Group	organized	a	series	of	events,	including	a	long	line-up	of	fitness-

related activities and orientation games for our employees to promote team 

building and facilitate the on-boarding process for the new hirers. It helped to 

cultivate friendships among employees and create a sense of synergy within 

the Group.

proCurement praCtiCes

The Group firmly believes that its suppliers and subcontractors are key 

business partners capable of creating a positive economic impact, thus 

enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, the Group maintains a 

stringent selection process in vendors selection, which are based on criteria 

including good past track records and adherence to occupational health and 

safety standards. 

We have also developed procurement policies and guidelines to guide our 

process, such as: 

•	Guidelines	and	procedures	in	selecting	and	evaluating	vendors

•Code	of	conduct	when	dealing	with	vendors

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a 

supplier, for that reason, we evaluate the potential candidates based on 

their	 sustainability	 performance	 and	 practices.	 Often,	 there	 would	 be	 a	

collaboration with partners and supplier to improve our product design to 

reduce any negative impact to the environment. 

The Group purchases a range of raw materials from its suppliers, with steel 

being the main raw material for manufacturing tower cranes. Purchases from 

local material suppliers accounted for approximately one-third of the total 

purchases	in	FY2018.	During	the	reporting	period,	the	Group	engage	local	

subcontractors and the total local outsourced amount was approximately 

one-quarter of the total outsourced amount in FY2018. 

The Group remains fully committed to continue procuring responsibly while 

generating positive economic and social benefits for the local community we 

operate in.

During	festive	seasons,	the	Group	also	distribute	clothing	items	and	welfare	

products for our employees especially during the summers and the winters to 

cope with the changes in weather. In addition, the Group was actively involved 

in supplying food to under-privileged employees.  


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

16

Gri Content index

CateGorY

disClosure

desCription

paGe reFerenCe and remarks

Gri 102: General 

disClosures

102-1 *

Name	of	the	organization

Cover page of AR FY2018

102-2 *

Activities, brands, products, and services

Page 1 of AR FY2018

102-3 *

Location of headquarters

Page	15	of	AR	FY2018

102-4 *

Location of operations

Page 78 to 79 of AR FY2018

102-5	*

Ownership	and	legal	form

Page 14 of AR FY2018

102-6 *

Markets served

Page 1 of AR FY2018

102-7 *

Scale	of	the	organization

Employee Information (Page 6)

Page 78 to 79 of AR FY2018

102-8 *

Information on employees and other workers

Employee Information (Page 6)

102-9 *

Supply chain

Procurement	Practices	(Page	15)

102-10 *

Significant	changes	to	the	organization	and	its	

supply chain

Not	applicable	as	this	is	the	first	year	of	SR	reporting	

102-11 *

Precautionary Principle or approach

Not	applicable

102-12 *

External initiatives

External Initiatives and Memberships (Page 6)

102-13 *

Membership of associations

External Initiatives and Memberships (Page 6)

Gri 102: 

strateGY

102-14 *

Statement from senior decision-maker

Message from Executive Chairman (Page 2)

Gri 102: ethiCs 

and inteGritY

102-16 *

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Vision,	Mission,	Strategic	Goals	and	Value	Drivers	

(Page	4-5)

Gri 102: 

GoVernanCe

102-18 *

Governance structure

Reporting process (Page 3)

Gri 102: 

stakeholder 

enGaGement

102-40 *

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 7)

102-41 *

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42 *

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 7)

102-43 *

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 7)

102-44 *

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 7)

Gri 102: 

reportinG 

praCtiCe

102-45	*

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Page 14 of AR FY2018

102-46 *

Defining	report	content	and	topic	Boundaries

About this Report (Page 3)

102-47 *

List of material topics

Identifying Material Aspects (Pages 8-9)

102-48 *

Restatements of information

Not	applicable	as	this	is	the	first	year	of	SR	reporting

102-49 *

Changes in reporting

Not	applicable	as	this	is	the	first	year	of	SR	reporting

102-50	*

Reporting period

Reporting Scope and Period (Page 3)

102-51	*

Date	of	most	recent	report

Not	applicable	as	this	is	the	first	year	of	SR	reporting

102-52	*

Reporting cycle

Reporting Scope and Period (Page 3)

102-53	*

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Feedback (Page 3)

102-54	*

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Core	Options	(33	items)

102-55	*

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (Pages 16-17)

102-56	*

External Assurance

None


Yongmao Holdings Limited / Sustainability Report 2018

17

Gri Content index

CateGorY

disClosure

desCription

paGe reFerenCe and remarks

Gri 201: 

eConomiC 

perFormanCe

DMA

Disclosure	of	Management	Approach

Opportunities	Ahead	(Page	11)

201-1

Direct	economic	value	generated	and	distributed

Direct	economic	value	generated	and	distributed	

(Page 11)

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

None

201-3

Defined	benefit	plan	obligations	and	

other retirement plans

Defined	benefit	plan	obligations	and	other	

retirement plans (Page 11)

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

Grants awarded by Government (Page 11)

Gri 204: 

proCurement 

praCtiCes

DMA

Disclosure	of	Management	Approach

Procurement	Practices	(Page	15)

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Procurement	Practices	(Page	15)

Gri 205: anti-

Corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Anti-corruption (Page 10)

Gri 301:

materials

DMA

Disclosure	of	Management	Approach

Usage of Materials (Page 12)

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

All materials used are non-renewable.

301-2

Recycled input materials used

All input materials are not recyclable. The scraps are 

sold to qualified vendors for disposal. 

301-3

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

Packaging materials are not recycled as the 

Group has performed an assessment that it is not 

economically viable.

Gri 403: 

oCCupational 

health and 

saFetY

DMA

Disclosure	of	Management	Approach

Safety Committee (Page 13)

Enhancing Safety Precautions and 

Procedures (Page 14)

403-1

Workers	representation	in	formal	joint	management–

worker health and safety committees

Safety Committee is formed by professionals with 

proper knowledge and qualifications.

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases,

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities

Total Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) at our 

Facilities (Page 13)

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases

related to their occupation

Total Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) at our 

Facilities (Page 13)

403-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal 

agreements with trade unions

No	Trade	Union


(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 3 August 2005)

(Company Registration No: 200510649K)

81 Ubi Avenue 4, #09-01 UB. One 

Singapore 408830

Tel: (65) 6636 3456

Fax: (65) 6636 2960

Email: investor@yongmaoholdings.com

Website: www.yongmaoholdings.com

Yongmao Holdings Limited



