















































































































































































































































































1 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  

(“This report” or the “ESG Report”) 

 

This report is issued in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide  

(Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong 

Kong Limited) (“the Listing Rules”) released by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 

(collectively, the “ESG Guide”). The ESG Report is designed to allow shareholders, investors 

(including potential investors) and the public to have a more comprehensive and profound 

understanding of the work done on environmental, social and governance area of YORKSHINE 

HOLDINGS LIMITED (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries 

collectively referred to as the “Group”).  The Group primarily adopts the principles and basis of 

the ESG Guide as its standards, with an aim to establish a sound environmental, social and 

governance structure.  The board of the Company (the “Board”) believes that a sound 

environmental, social and governance structure is vital for continued sustainability and 

development of the Group’s activities.  The Group is willing to take more responsibilities for the 

society but with a view to balancing the shareholders’ interests and the society’s benefits. 

 

SCOPE OF THE REPORT 

 

The Group’s principal business activities is engaged in (i) trading and distribution of iron ore, 

coal and steel products, and (ii) manufacturing, sales and distribution of tinplate products in the 

People’s Republic of China.  This report mainly covers the operations of the Group’s major 

subsidiaries in Tianjin and Jiangsu, which are engaged in operation of tinplate and tin free steel 

processing, including coil cutting, slitting, printing and packing. 

 

REPORTING PERIOD 

 

This report presents details regarding the major environmental and social aspects of the Group 

for the period from 1 May 2016 to 30 April 2017. 

 

SCOPE OF THE CONTENT 

 

This report focuses on the major aspects in environmental and social issues of the Group.  For 

governance section, please refer to Corporate Governance Report of the Group’s 2017 Annual 

Report. 

 

REPORTING GUIDELINE 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Guide. 

 

The board of Directors has the overall responsibility for the Company's ESG strategy and 

reporting, monitoring and managing the ESG-related risks. The management is responsible for 

evaluating effectiveness of the ESG risk management and internal control systems and the 

management confirms that these systems are effective to mitigate our ESG-related risks. 

Assessment of ESG status and progress are conducted on an ongoing basis. To understand the 


2 

 

concerns of various stakeholders, the Company has engaged and discussed with various 

business functions and management personnel, and identified the materiality of the ESG issues 

to be included in this Report. 

 

 

ENVIORNMENT 

 

The Group has strictly complied with the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民

共和國環境保護法》), the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和

國水污染防治法》), the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC (《中華人民

共和國大氣污染防治法》), the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Pollution From Envi-

ronmental Noise (《中華人民共和國環境噪聲污染防治法》), and other relevant environmental pro-

tection laws and regulations.  In addition, the Group has been dedicated to fulfill its commit-

ments in environmental protection in accordance with relevant policies and requirements.  The 

Group has developed a “Compilation of safety environment system” (《 安全環境制度彙編 》) as 

a manual for the Group to comply with. 

 

Emissions 

 

No direct emission of greenhouse gas is generated from the Group’s business activities due to 

the suspension of tinplate manufacturing project in the PRC.  Notwithstanding this, the Group 

has compiled with all the national standards such as the Integrated Emission Standard of Air 

Pollutants (《大氣污染物綜合排放標準》), the Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard (《污水

綜合排放標準》) and the Emission Standard for Industrial Enterprises Noise at Boundary (《工廠

企業廠界環境噪聲排放標準》) and did not exert material impacts on the environment.  The current 

emission of the Group is mainly automobile exhaust generated by its self-owned vehicles. 

 

The Group’s environmental management system was established to oversee the pollution 

control facilities, especially in the tinplate manufacturing segment located in Jiangsu which has 

received recognition from Xinghua City Environmental Protection Bureau  (《興化市環保局》). 

 

Use of Resources 

 

The Group has constructed three anti-solid waste yard to ensure the effective disposal of 

hazardous solid wastes and to realise zero discharge of solid waste.  During the reporting period, 

there was no hazardous waste being generated; however, non-hazardous waste including paper 

waste, water and electrical waste were generated. 

 

(1) Electricity 

 

The total electricity consumption by the Group was 29960 Kilowatt-hour (kWh), from non-

production facilities.   

 

 

 

 


3 

 

 

(2) Water 

 

A series of water treatment equipment were employed by the Group for discharge of water 

quality to the national “level A” emission standards, for example, use of vertical washing 

spray shower. 

 

The total water consumption was 26 m3 in the reporting period as mainly derived from the 

Hong Kong office. 

 

(3) Paper waste 

 

The total consumption was approximately 425 kg of paper were used in the reporting period 

as mainly derived from the Hong Kong office.  

 

Apart from the above, with reasonable planning and layout, the selection of low-noise 

equipment by the Group has taken effective measures to prevent the boundary noise in 

accordance with the nation’s “industrial enterprise boundary noise standards” (《工業企業廠界

噪聲標準》). 

 

Office Resources Utilization 

 

In view of the scarcity of resources, the Group advocates policies and procedures on efficient 

use of resources.  The management of the Group seeks ways to improve energy efficiency and 

lower electricity usage in facilities.  The Group also motivates all its employees to participate in 

resources conservation activities and encourages them to save water, power and paper. 

 

In office, the following measures have been implemented: 

 

Reduce waste guidelines 

 

(A) Reduce waste generation 

 

 

(1) reduce paper usage 

- 

encourage double-sided printing or photocopying 

- 

use electronic system to archive and document, and send text by email 

- 

consolidate and shrink the form, record and notice 

- 

use electronic means for newsletters, announcements, reports 

- 

use digital camera or cell phone to take pictures and print out when necessary 

(2) Recycle used paper (except for paper containing confidential documents) 

- 

placed on the copier’s multi-purpose tray for printing or photocopying purpose 

- 

made into draft paper, notebook, paper, etc 

- 

used to paste a small receipt or document for reimbursement purpose 

(3) recycle used envelopes, hardcover folders, paper bags and carton boxes 

(4) reduce the use of disposable cups, stir bars or glue tubes 

(5) reduce the frequency of replacement of junk bags 

(6) use rechargeable batteries instead of disposable batteries 


4 

 

(7) repair damaged objects and try to avoid disposal 

(8) reuse festive decorations (e.g. Christmas, New Year, Lunar New Year, etc) 

 

(B) Collection and recovery of waste 

 

(1) separate waste paper, aluminum cans and plastic waste into a dedicated recycling bin 

in the lobby with a glass window for recycling 

(2) the used bulbs, batteries and toner cartridges/ink cartridges are delivered for 

reunification 

(3) reuse or donate old computer, electrical and office equipment to charities 

 

(C) Use of recycled products 

 

(1) purchase paper with recycled ingredients 

(2) use recycled toner cartridges 

 

 

Energy saving guidelines 

 

(1) adjust the room temperature to 25.50C (recommended by the HKSAR Government) and 

set the fan coil to “low speed” 

(2) consider whether or not one or two fluorescent tubes of the lamp group can be removed 

to reduce energy consumption 

(3) turn off some lights and air conditioning systems during lunch and after office hours 

(4) colleagues who leave the office at the end must turn off the lights and the air-conditioning 

system 

(5) turn off the printer when it is not needed 

(6) turn on the PC’s standby or hibernation mode; turn off the computer before going off 

(7) conserve water 

 

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES 

 

Staff is a cornerstone for sustainable development of enterprises, the management of the 

Group believes talent is one of its most valuable assets.  Upholding such philosophy, the Group 

continues to improve the human resources management system and talent development 

mechanism, through which, staff can enjoy diversified career paths and their potentials can be 

further explored, thereby helping them realise work values and personal achievement values. 

 

Employment 

 

Recruitments are carried out strictly according to the Group’s policies and systems.  

Opportunities are given to those with different backgrounds and characteristics so as to build a 

diversified work force.  The “Staff Handbook” (《僱員手冊》) formulated by the Group also sets 

out requirements in relation to employment and dismissal of staff, salaries and appraisals, 

holidays, sickness allowance and insurance, mandatory provident fund.  Through optimization 

of manpower deployment, a platform with a wide variety of opportunities is created for staff 

members to fully explore their talents and also for the Group to create a harmonious and stable 


5 

 

development environment.  As of 30 April 2017, the total number of staff of the Group was 147. 

 

The Group strictly complies with the nation’s relevant employment laws and regulations, such 

as the Labour Law (《勞動合同法》), the “Employment Promotion Law” (《就業促進法》), the “La-

bour Dispute Mediation and Arbitration Law” (《勞動爭議調解仲裁法》), and other labour laws 

and regulations of the local governments of the PRC, and the Employment Ordinance, Cap 57 

of the Laws of Hong Kong.  The Group does not allow any form of discrimination, and provides 

equal and fair employment opportunities and working environment to all job applicants and 

staff members.  During the Reporting Period, the Group has not received complaints of any 

forms of discrimination.  

 

The Group offers competitive pay and employee benefits to attract talented staff and use a 

performance-based remuneration system to motivate and reward them in line with their con-

tributions to growing its business.  An employee’s remuneration is determined with reference 

to performance and market benchmarks.  Salary levels are not differentiated by gender.  Sala-

ries and benefits are in accordance with local minimum wages or above.  All employees are 

treated fairly and equally, and their rights and interests are protected. 

 

Staff members can enjoy statutory social insurances and various legal benefits as well as statu-

tory holidays such as annual leave, casual leave, sick leave, marriage leave and maternity leave, 

etc.  For Hong Kong office, the Group provides statutory holidays, paid annual leave, bonus 

leave, marriage leave, sick leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, birthday leave, leave for ju-

ror service for Hong Kong staff members.  The Group also provides retirement protection for 

Hong Kong staff members under the “Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes”.  In addition, ac-

cording to the “Staff Handbook” of the Group, staff members can also entitle to employment 

insurance, medical insurance and other insurance covered and offered by the Group. 

 

Health and Safety 

 

The Group has established work safety policies and procedures to ensure that its operations are 

in compliance with the applicable work safety laws and regulations.  The Group has adopted 

various occupational health and safety trainings and measures; specific instructions and guide-

lines on employees’ health and safety procedure are developed to maintain a healthy and safety 

working environment for employees.   

 

In order to ensure the safety of the production and the employees as well, the production plant 

in the PRC has established and formulated the following regulations and plans for employees: 

 

 

Anti-freeze plan (防凍預案) 

 

Large-scale power failure plan (大範圍停電故障的預案) 

 

Energy medium supply disruption and limits quantity contingency plan (能源介質供應中斷

和限量應急預案) 

 

Boiler room emergency plan (鍋爐房應急預案) 

 

Fire emergency plan (火災應急預案) 

 

Anti-typhoon and anti-flood control contingency plans (防颱防汛應急預案) 

 

Ammonia system leakage contingency plans) (氨系統洩漏應急預案) 

 

Lightning protection plan (防雷預案) 


6 

 

 

Earthquake emergency plan (地震應急預案) 

 

Industrial hazards gas asphyxiation, poisoning, fire, explosion emergency plans (工業危害

氣體窒息、中毒、火災、爆炸應急預案) 

 

Environmental accident handling contingency plans (環保事故處理應急預案) 

 

On top of the above internal regulations and plans, the Group also complied with the nations’ 

“Dangerous Chemicals Safety Management Regulations” (《危險化學品安全管理條例》) and “Ma-

jor Accident Emergency Response Plan” (《重大事故應急處置綜合預案》). 

 

 

 

 

The Group has complied with the laws and regulation related to employees’ health and safety 

during the reporting period, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and the 

Employees’ Compensation Ordinance in Hong Kong, and the Production Safety Law of the PRC 

(《中華人民共和國生產安全法》) and the Regulation of Insurance for Labour Injury (《工商保險條

例》) in the PRC. 

 

Occupational Health and Safety Data 

 

Work related Fatality 

 0 

Work injury cases with leave of absence &gt; 3 days 

0 

Work injury cases with leave of absence &lt; 3 days 

0 

Lost days due to work injury 

0 

Work injury rate 

0 

 

During the reporting period, there was no incidence of work stoppages, labour disputes, litiga-

tion, claims, administrative action or arbitration relating to labour disputes against the Group. 

 

Development and Training 

 

A well-developed training system not only can help the staff members to improve their overall 

ability and enhance their professional skills, but also an essential way for enterprises to 

strengthen their core competitiveness.  The staff development and training programme set up 

by the Group mainly includes the following two categories: 

 






7 

 

 

 

 

- 

Induction Training 

In order to help new staff members to more quickly adapt to their new positions, induction 

training will be provided to them when they join the Group, it will enable them to under-

stand the culture, principles, discipline and rules, and regulations of the Group.  Within one 

week after joining the Group, new employees in production plants will be provided with 

training on topics of company profile, plant regulations, and fire safety on production.  In 

addition, professional knowledge and skills training will also be provided to the new em-

ployees. 

 

 

- 

On-the-job Training 

The Group organises internal and external training programmes from time to time for staff 

to gain a better understanding of the Group’s business and to keep them abreast of the 

latest knowledge and skills thereby increasing their job performance. 

 

Labour Standards 

 

The Group prohibits the employment of child labour and forced labour and has established 

stringent punitive measures in this aspect.  Recruitment and employment of the Group are car-

ried out in strict compliance with relevant national and local regulations, such as the Labor Law 

(《勞動法》), the Protection of Minors (《未成年人保護法》) and the Prohibition of Using Child 

Labor (《禁止使用童工規定》) of the PRC and the “Employment Ordinance”, Cap 57 of the Laws 

of Hong Kong.  

 

The recruitment process is strictly abided by the guidelines of the Group’s human resources 

department, a recruitment questionnaire is used to collect personal, educational, and employ-

ment information of job applicants, and as such all necessary data related to employment is 

verified and the proper and right candidate would be hired in accordance with the job require-

ment and candidates’ expectation for a healthy and sustainable workforce. 

 

 

Equal Opportunity 

 

The Group provides equal opportunity for employees with respect to recruitment, training and 

development, job advancement, and remuneration and benefits.  The employees of the Group 

would not be discriminated or deprived of such opportunities on the basis of gender, ethnicity, 

religion, age, colour, religion, marital status, family status, or any other discrimination prohib-

ited by applicable laws. 

 

 


8 

 

 

OPERATIONAL PRACTICES 

 

Supply Chain Management 

 

The Group has been continuously improving its supply chain management, not only ensuring 

the stable supply of materials and services, but also managing the suppliers to be in line with 

the Group’s core values to uphold the environmental and social standards. 

 

The Group selects suppliers in strict standard accordance with system requirements and sign 

contracts with suppliers to clarify the responsibilities and interests of both sides, ensure that 

the materials procured are in line with the Group’s operation needs and provide safety assur-

ance of quality. 

 

In regard to selection criteria of suppliers, the Group sets out the following criteria: 

 

- 

Competitive pricing 

- 

Ability to meet specifications and standards 

- 

Product and service quality 

- 

Reliable delivery methods 

- 

Quality control methods and practices 

- 

Compatibility with existing products 

 

List of main suppliers of the Company in Hong Kong office: 

 

Name 

 

Category 

Sincere Company 

Paper and stationery 

New Idea Office Supplies  

Stationery 

Evertrust (Telecom) Engineering Co. 

Telephone system 

Vitasoy International Holdings Ltd. 

Distilled water 

Canon 

Printer 

Topic Garden 

Plants 

Greens and Flowers 

floral 

 

Apart from the above, the Group has also set out the following criteria for selection of suppliers 

for trading and distribution division: 

 

- 

Quality performance 

- 

Cost 

- 

Profitability 

- 

Reliability and responsiveness 

- 

Collaboration 

- 

Delivery commitments 

- 

Capacity 

 


9 

 

 

 

At the end of a financial year, the procurement personnel of the Group will arrange for tests to 

evaluate suppliers.  If the services and products provided by a supplier do not meet the require-

ment of the Group or may cause environmental impact and potential hazards, the procurement 

personnel will take measures to request for rectification within a certain time frame or remover 

such supplier directly from the list of qualified suppliers. 

 

Anti-corruption and Anti-Fraud – Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

In order to prevent conflict of interest, the Group has set out internal guidelines and code of 

conduct for staff members to declare their interest and to report on gifts received.  Specific 

documentation in relation to the declaration of conflict of interest and report on gifts received 

are well prepared for adoption.   

 

To promote the highest standards of good corporate practices and to support the value of in-

tegrity and accountability, and to conduct business in a transparent and honest manner, the 

Group has established confidential channels for the reporting of the following activities: 

 

- 

corruption, bribery or blackmail; 

- 

fraud; 

- 

criminal offences; 

- 

failure to comply with legal and/or regulatory obligations; 

- 

miscarriages of justice; 

- 

actions which endanger the health or safety of staff or the public; 

- 

actions which cause damage to the environment; and 

- 

actions which are intended to conceal any of the above. 

 

The whistle blower can file reports without fear of reprisals or victimization as they will be 

treated with strict confidentiality.  All reported cases should be addressed to the Chairman of 

the Audit Committee.  The cases will be investigated either through internally investigation (by 

management, internal audit, personnel) or referred to the appropriate external person (for ex-

ample the external auditors). 

 

The Group warrants that any employee who makes a genuine report will be treated fairly but 

mischievous or malicious allegations will be resulted in disciplinary action.  During the reporting 

period, the Group has not violated any laws or regulations regarding corruption. 

 

Community Investment 

 

Community benefit is one of the important considerations of the Group in regard to business 

operation.   The Group plays an active role in various kinds of community activities, demonstrat-

ing its core value of serving, assimilating into, and taking part in, the community, and its dedi-

cation to make contributions to the community. 


10 

 

During the reporting period, the Group encouraged its staff members to participate in various 

community activities, details are as follows: 

 

Period 

 

Name of Activity 

Details 

18 May 2016 to 20 June 2016 

Donation of Old Watch 

Packed old watches in a bag or a box 

for donation and delivered to the Cus-

tomer Service Centre of Tsim Sha Tsui 

Centre.  Collected watches were do-

nated to Christian Action for sales and 

the revenue became funding for their 

charity work in Hong Kong and Main-

land China. 

 

4 July 2016 to 18 July 2016 

Used Book Recycling Campaign 2016 

Delivered used books to the Customer 

Services Centre of Tsim Sha Tsui Cen-

tre.  Donation to this year’s Campaign 

will be used to support Tianjin 

Wuqing Children Rehabilitation Cen-

tre in providing early intervention re-

habilitation and educational services 

to children with disabilities. 

 

14 September 2016 to 30 

September 2016 

Moon Cake Metal Box Recycling 

Delivered used moon cake metal 

boxes to the Customer Services Cen-

tre of Tsim Sha Tsui Centre.  Collected 

metal boxes were sent to recycling in-

itiated by Christian Action. 

 

6 February 2017 to 22 Febru-

ary 2017 

Red Packet Recycling Programme 

Delivered used red packets which 

were still in good condition to the 

Customer Services Centre of Tsim Sha 

Tsui Centre for recycling and reusing 

initiated by Greeners Action. 

 

 

Future Sustainable Development 

 

The Group’s development is contributed by the long-term cooperating relationship between its 

employees, suppliers, customers, shareholders and investors, and the support from the com-

munity members.  Continuous process improvement in the policies and procedures to manage, 

measure and monitor environmental, social and governance related practices and strategies 

will be implemented.  The Group will also research for ways to produce products in a more 

energy efficient and environmental friendly way to support the sustainable development 

preservation of the community and the earth. 


11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*For identification purpose only 

 





 



New Face of  



Yorkshine New Material 



 (Taizhou) Limited* 



After 30 April 2017 


12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













