
YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

1. About the Company 

 

YuuZoo is the first Singapore-based social media company to be listed on the SGX-ST mainboard 

on September 2014. YuuZoo uniquely combines interest-based social networking, demand-driven 

commerce, community-based television networks, gamification and payments in a mobile-

optimised, fully localized virtual platform. 

 

2. Board’s Statements 

 

YuuZoo is pleased to present its Sustainability Report, which has been prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – “Core” reporting requirements due to its 

international recognition and wide adoption, for the first time. 

 

For the Sustainability Report, we provide insights into the way we do business, while highlighting 

out environmental, social, governance (“ESG”) and economic performance. We believe in working 

closely with our stakeholders, we will able to enhance and integrate sustainability into our 

business model. 

 

Under the direct guidance of our Board of Directors, the management identifies, assesses and 

determines material ESG factors. The Board of Directors had approved the material ESG factors 

and have overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors. 

 

 

3. Reporting Period  

 

This is the first year we have produced the report which is applicable for our financial year from 1 

January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”).  

 

The report will be published annually in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Guide. 

 

 

4. Feedback 

 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders. You may send related questions, comments, 

suggestions or feedback relating to this report to legal@yuuzoo.com. 

 

 

 


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

5. Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Our approach on sustainability is to build strong, lasting relationships and focused on creating 

sustainable value for all our stakeholders.  

 

Key stakeholders comprising community, customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and 

suppliers which were identified based on the extent of which they can influence the 

implementation of our strategies or are affected by our strategic decisions. 

 

We maintain a culture of engagement and channel of open communication with our stakeholders 

through the following channels: 

 

S/N 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement channel 

1 

Community 

We are promoting green efforts and various initiatives in our 

office to promote environmental sustainability by encouraging 

energy conservation, recycling and waste management. 

 

2 

Customers 

We gather customers’ feedback on Company’s performance, 

product and services through email.  

 

Feedback obtained is reviewed and relevant follow-up actions 

are taken to improve customer satisfaction. 

 

3 

Employees 

Senior management team believes retaining knowledgeable, 

capable staff and promoting clan culture in our office is one of 

the key factors to drive business success. 

 

With the current financial condition of the Group, staffing is 

being kept lean for cost saving and efficiency. 

 

Hence, we implement internal and external training to ensure 

continuous improvement and innovation and enhance our 

employees’ capability to carrying out their roles. 

 

Regular communication sessions for employees’ feedback and 

opinion across all levels of workforce. 

 

Channels used include emails and regular staff evaluation 

sessions where employees can pose their feedback and 

questions.  


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

S/N 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement channel 

4 

Regulators 

Local government regulations in areas such as competition, 

consumer protection, environmental stewardship, health &amp; 

safety and taxation. 

 

We seek to comply with regulatory bodies such as Singapore 

Stock Exchange (“SGX”), Monetary Authority of Singapore, 

Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and all other regulators 

which may impact the company’s business and operation in 

their various legislations. 

 

We are working with the SGX and other relevant parties on the 

issues raised in the Notices of Compliance issued by the SGX and 

seek to lift the trading suspension of the Company’s shares on 

the SGX in the near future and implement better controls to 

avoid a recurrence of such incidents. 

 

5 

Shareholders 

We provide timely, full and credible information such as result 

announcement, result presentation, press release on the 

Company’s website (www.yuucorp.com) and SGXnet. 

 

6 

Suppliers 

The Group reported a net current liabilities and going concern 

disclaimer in FY2017 Annual Report.  

 

During the 9 months period ended 30 September 2018, the 

Group had entered into 3 platform sales agreements for a cash 

consideration of US$ 4.8 million. 

 

The cash generated through the platform sales will be used to 

settle the daily administrative and operating expenses including 

the outstanding brought forwards from the past. Payment to 

suppliers is being managed and monitor closely as best as we 

can through the renegotiate the payment term and schedule. 

 

Direct phone call communication and email is commonly used 

to ensure both parties satisfaction and smooth delivery of 

products and services. 

 

 

 

______________________________________________________________________________________


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

6. Policy, Practice and Performance Reporting 

 

6.1 

Reporting Structure 

 

The Group’s Sustainability Committee includes Head of Legal Department, representative 

from Finance Department, 2 CEO from subsidiaries company and is led by the Group’s 

Chief Executive Officer. The sustainability strategy developed by the Sustainability 

Committee, in consultation with the Board of Directors. 

 

The Sustainability Committee meets regularly to review the strategy, progression, 

material impacts and to ensure the program is carrying out smoothly. 

 

6.2 

Sustainability Reporting Processes 

 

YuuZoo’s sustainability matters were prioritised and assessed based on ESG impact of our 

operation. Under our Sustainability Reporting Policy, process of defining report 

boundaries and content begins with the identification of relevant factors, evaluation and 

prioritization, validation and review. 

 

Identify 

Identification of the material factors that are relevant to 

our activities and data points for performance reporting 

based on feedback from our stakeholders and internal 

reviews. 

 

 

Evaluation &amp; Prioritisation 

Prioritisation of the material factors to be reported. The 

material aspect are evaluated against 2 criteria: 

i. 

Importance to stakeholders and; 

ii. 

Importance to YuuZoo (in term of the 

significance of its impact on economic, 

environment, social and governance). 

 

 

Validate 

Validation involves the verification of information and 

data gathered on material factors and to perform an 

assessment 

on 

the 

completeness 

of 

material 

sustainability factors to finalise the contents of  


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

 

sustainability report before obtaining the approval from 

Executive Chief Officer (Chairman of the Sustainability 

Committee). 

 

 

 

Review 

The material matter will undergo a review and update in 

subsequent reporting periods to ensure their continued 

relevance and importance to YuuZoo’s operation. 

 

Materiality of the sustainability factors are diversified to 3 categories which are High, 

Medium and Low. The assessment of our material aspects are conducted in accordance 

with guidelines and framework established by GRI. 

 

7. Material factors 

 

The Group’s Chief Executive Officer, Head of Legal Department, representative from Finance 

Department and 2 CEO from our subsidiaries company were involved in materiality assessment 

by identifying the sustainability factors which deemed material to Group’s business for FY2017. 

 

Table below is list of material sustainability factors and material factor matrix applicable to the 

Group: 

S/N 

Sustainability Factors (“SF”) 

Reporting 

priority 

Key stakeholders 

 

Type 

Topic 

1 

 

 

 

 

Social 

Diversity and equal  

Opportunity 

 

High 

 

 

Employee 

2 

Employment 

 

Medium 

3 

Anti-corruption 

High 

Regulators, Community, 

Suppliers, Customers and 

Shareholders 

 

4 

Governance 

Corporate governance  

framework  

 

High 

Regulators and 

Shareholder 

5 

Environment 

Environment compliance  

including waste  

management 

Medium 

Community and 

Regulators 


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

Material factor matrix 

 

IMPORTANCE TO SHATEKEHOLDERS 

 

 

High 

 

 

SF1: Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

SF3: Anti-corruption 

SF4: Corporate governance  

framework 

 

 

 

Medium 

 

SF2: Employment 

 

SF5: Environment  

compliance  

including waste 

management 

 

 

 

 

Low 

 

 

 

 

 

Low 

Medium 

High 

 

IMPORTANCE TO YUUZOO 

 

7.1 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

 

The Group is committed to developing the diverse skills and experiences of all and provide 

work environment for employees that fosters fairness, equity and cultural diversity as we 

value and respect our employees without regard to their differences or similarities. 

 

Management team are demonstrating equal opportunities policy and affirmative action 

in employment, including in the remuneration, recruitment, training and promotion of 

staff. This is to ensure that each other's contributions are being respected, free from 

unlawful discrimination, harassment and all of our employees feel they are part of the 

organisation. 

 

The Group considers all forms of discrimination to be unacceptable in the workplace. 

Hence YuuZoo never discriminate against its employee on grounds of race, religion, 

gender, marital status or age. 

 


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

7.2 

Employment: Work-Life Balance/Well-being 

 

Maintaining work life balance is not only important for personal health and relationships, 

but it can also improve the efficiency of work performances. However, the ability to 

achieve work life balance is becoming more and more difficult. 

 

In YuuZoo, the Group is creating and sustaining a working environment supportive of 

work life balance for all employees. By promoting work life balance as part of working 

culture, management of YuuZoo believe employees will be more motivated and feel 

lesser stress at work therefore increasing the productivity as they are able to feel a greater 

sense of control and ownership over their own lives.  

 

As part of the employee welfare package, Company also provide comprehensive health 

insurances and given extensive annual leave to all the employees. 

 

Management appreciates all the contributions from staff and encourages taking a break 

to allow employees to re-energise their mind and body. A rested mind and body boosts 

productivity and creativity – and allows employees to approach tasks with better 

perspective and a fresh mindset. 

 

7.3 

Anti-corruption 

 

YuuZoo has established a Code of Conduct that set the framework for ethical and legal 

business decisions. All the employees are expected to uphold high standards of integrity 

that are in compliance with the Code as well as laws and regulations of the countries in 

which it operates. 

 

Awareness is created by conducting briefing for all staff. All employees are encouraged to 

report any violations to Chief Executive Officer or the independent Audit Committee of 

the Group as the Group does not tolerate any cases of corruption. 

 

7.4 

Corporate governance framework 

 

YuuZoo believe strongly in upholding the highest standards of corporate governance can 

ensure sustainability of our business as well as to safeguard shareholders’ interest and 

maximising long-term shareholder’s value. 

 


YUUZOO NETWORKS GROUP CORPORATION 

(formerly known as YuuZoo Corporation Limited) 

(BVI Company No: 9885765) 

(Incorporated by way of continuation in the British Virgin Islands) 

(“YuuZoo” or the “Company”) 

 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 

 

 

 

For FY2017, we adopted and complied with the recommendations of the Code of 

Corporate Governance 2012 (“Code”) issued on 2 May 2012 and deviations from the Code 

are explained through self-regulatory corporate practices. Our corporate governance 

practices are renewed and endorsed by our Board of Directors annually.  

 

Despite the Notice of Compliance received from the SGX, we have been reviewing our 

internal processes and believe that we have put in place adequate governance and 

policies at the moment and will work on achieving stronger governance in near future. 

 

We believe strong governance and policies will help to ensure that our approach to 

sustainability get ingrained throughout the various functions in our company and will be 

translated in our business operations. 

 

7.5 

Environment compliance including waste management 

 

We are committed to manage and minimise the impact on environment through ‘reduce, 

reuse and recycle’ whenever we can. Our efforts in this area includes reducing paper, 

electricity and promoting the paper recycling helps to preserve the environment and also 

reduces our costs, thus enhances returns to shareholders. 

 

On the subject of material usage, we aim to reduce our resources consumption and 

production of waste annually. All employees are actively taking part in our waste 

management program by sharing the info and data electronically instead of using printed 

copies across respective departments. As the result of this program, the Company seeks 

to reduce paper usage and ink consumption.  

 

 

8. Target Setting 

 

The management team are in the midst of resolving the issues raised in the Notice of Compliance 

issued by SGX, including hiring a new Chief Financial Officer, which we believe will resolve these 

issues in the coming year. 

 

Other than that, we are constantly reviewing our processes and have not set any specific targets 

for the forthcoming year but we are looking forward to improve the efficiency and effectiveness 

of all the material factors in the coming year.  

 

